I loved their food. Marissa always give u big servings. Very very friendly place. Everbody raves about their crispy pata which I still have to try. : )
I do not know why yelp has marked this place as closed but all I know is I had the best pancit here just this weekend! It was loaded with shrimps, chicken, pork and lechon? I actually cannot get over it upto now. Even they're lumpia is super good too! Definitely coming back! Friendly service and good filipino food hmmm yummmm :)
I have been coming her for a LONG time. They have the best lumpia shanghai! Chicken adobes amazing! A lot of other places have it but this one has a one of a kind taste. Marisa, the owner is a sweetheart. She is always so friendly. I like her turon. Every time I come here It seriously brings back memories of the Philippines. Oh how would love to go back.
I was craving Filipino food so this place was the closest place to where I was at. When I walked in I saw only 4 items available. Looks like the 4 items were sitting there for a long time. I ended up leaving without ordering anything. I went to another Filipino place downtown.
Very disappointed with facility/service. Took  a long time to make halo halo.  My family and I were the only ones in the restaurant,  then we were told it was CASH ONLY. Food was set out like a buffet, unappetizing, dried, and old. Would not recommend this cafeteria styled restaurant.

We were very excited to have a Filipino restaurant near us and my Aunt was really craving Halo Halo.  I read the reviews on Yelp and we decided to give the place a try.  The lady at the cashier was so unfriendly, by the time our halo halo's arrived, my aunt no longer wanted them.  I ended up buying 2.  They were average at best.

I am beginning to think that the 5 star reviews were posted by friends/family.
As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the sweetest Filipino Aunty EVER! I've been to plenty of Filipino food places with shady people trying to nickel and dime you for everything.  But Aunty straight hooked me up with extra rice, and sabow (soup), to go with my two choice meal.  She made me feel at home, like I was her long lost nephew, and it was her extra TLC that made the efood that much better.  If she doesn't have something ready, she will cook it on the spot!  But if you're smart, you'll call ahead to make sure the food will be ready for you once you get there!  If I'm craving some Filipino food in Vegas, I'd definitely swing by here for some good home style food and special family treatment.
We used to send a co-worker here to pick up lunch. We had them (especially Marissa) on speed dial. And I know they dread when I'm the one calling because I'm not Filipino enough for them. LOL. We call and ask what's on the menu since it changes every so often but we always get crispy pata. Their version is different from what you'll normally see in Filipino restaurants - appearance-wise. Theirs is super puffy. Crispy pata is one of my favorite Filipino dishes. Fried, crispy porky goodness...mmmm...  The dipping sauce is great (soy sauce + vinegar+ jalapeno + onions)...I just gave away the recipe! Great! I'm banned from this place now.

CASH ONLY turo-turo (translation: turo = point). You point at the food you want and that's what they'll give you which is great if you're not super familiar with Filipino dishes. If you point with your lips, they'll love that! There are items such as crispy pata that's made to order.

Other things that are good here are: halo-halo, turon and pork BBQ. They're pretty generous with the stuff they put in their halo-halo (leche flan, ube,  beans, etc). The turon (bananas and jackfruit wrapped in wonton-like wrapper, fried and drizzled with caramelized sugar) is sweet and crispy. Filipino BBQ is totally different from what Americans know as BBQ.  The Filipino BBQ is on a stick and is marinated in soy sauce, calamansi/lemon, sugar and sometimes ketchup. Yum!

The first time I actually came here to eat, I was a bit shocked as to how small the place was but whatever. Pack it!
I recently discovered Baba's since I just moved from New Jersey.  One of the major things on my mind once I arrived was to find a good Filipino restaurant that will satisfy my need for some good 'home-cooked' Filipino food.  This is the place.
Not only do you get very good food, you get the 'Tita' that hasn't seen you in years experience here.  She will make sure that your belly will be all happy and full.
Amongst my favorites are the Singang na baboy and all the adobos.  The menu changes daily so be sure to ask Marissa for a menu that lists what is being served each day.
No matter what you have, always finish it with their turon.
Disclaimer Alert...This review is strictly for their service, Shanghai Lumpia, and Halo-Halo.  

That being said, I found Baba's to be 4 stars in my book.  First of all, service here is great.  I didn't get the owners names, but they treated us like family. One of the owners reminded me of my mom and couldn't help do what us sons of a Filipino moms do, that's joke with them a little.  She was game and did the same. As for their food, we didn't get to try much because they were out of almost everything.  Baba's on our visit was catering 3 parties at the time.  With only one person cooking in the back, this meant they were out of Chicken BBQ, Turon, and Chicken Adobo to name a few. But they still had their Halo-Halo and Shanghai Lumpia, which are my favorite Flip dishes.  As a Halo-Halo Hunter, I found that Baba's had pretty much everything I look for in Halo-Halo (i.e. Ube ice cream, legit ube, flan, white beans, and nata de coco).  One thing that was missing was red bean.  It was still good and found Baba's Halo-Halo up there with the challengers around town. Note to self...bring some red bean to make it perfect.  As for their Shanghai Lumpia, I thought that they were as good as it gets.  No one makes them better than my Auntie Heidi, but Baba's is pretty damn close.  I'm not saying I'm a Lumpia Hunter, but I am a Lumpia Whisperer.  Whispers..if they make them, I will come.  Come to eat Shanghai Lumpia that is. 

Overall, I can see myself coming back.  This place is no secret.  Tons of regulars coming in and phoning in is proof that Baba's is some people's go-to Pinoy spot.  You don't have to be a Halo-Halo Hunter or even a Lumpia Whisperer to eat here. You just have to be a fan of Filipino food served by great business owners.

TIP:  Call ahead or pick up their menu.  Some items are served on specific days.  Shanghia Lumpia is all the time!!


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (466/500)
Good food at great prices!  Turo Turo style...so point at what you want. Some cooked to order items as well. 

All of this was $7.99 :

Chicken Adobo (Wed-Sat). Very tasty! Super tender, fall off the bone...without an overly saturated Soy Sauce flavor like others I've had! Yum

Fried Fish. A bit on the dry side, but there was a lot of flavor in the fish...just watch for bones!

Sweet and Sour Meatballs (Wed). These were very sweet, but cooked well and overall tasty.

Complimentary soup and rice...interesting combination of potato and greens...good though!  I was offered more rice during my mea...It was not needed but appreciated :)

And to finish, the Halo Halo Special ($5). This was very good! Mix it all up, and you have a yummy treat :P

I am sure I will be back soon to try the other goodies!

Pics :
Great food. Great prices. Generous portions.  They don't use the crappy parts of the meat either.  The lady working was extremely nice.  She let me try the different entrees before buying.  She reminded me of all my Filipino friends' moms growing up.

The ONLY thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that it closes early (7 PM) and isn't open 7 days a week.
Looking to kill my cravings and my cousin's cravings for Filipino food. I ordered 

2x Kare kare,  32 oz Diniguan, large Lechon kawali, Palabok, and bihon total $66.24

I believe she was the owner and she was so friendly and welcoming. Unlike your typical Filipino restaurants here, look at you and look so disrespectful because I DON'T SPEAK TAGALOG!!! Not once she spoke to me in the native language, which was comforting for me.

I paid for my food and she offered a free dessert, so I got the cassava cake. I gave her $10 tip addition to my food and she said it's way too much, so she threw in another dessert, puto. 

Well got home and we scarfed the food down... it was pretty good, not as good as my mom's diniguan... but it's doable. The Kare Kare and Lechon kawali was bomb. Bihon and Palabok were good. The 5 stars came for the desserts the PUTO, OMG I couldn't stop eating it, too bad I had to share. It was so moist and flavorable, coconut. I recommend the PUTO. I sure will be back. 

This is the best Filipino restaurant on the Northside.
I was in the mode for somethng Filipino, had a taste for it. Wanted to share some with Phily Phil, So I placed an order for Bihon and some Lechon, and it was as tasty as I remembered. Glad to see a Filipino place so close to me, will be sure to visit it often.
2 star place. Few items in menu, small portions and looks like food is been seating there since this morning. Food wasn't that good either. But place was clean and have TFC.
Excellent all around, not a bad thing on the menu.   Chicken skins were fresh and hot,  Sisig was great, the vinegar sauce is great over the rice.  I could drink the sauce all day.  Shrimp tempura,  crispy light, not Gray at all. Take a trip to the northwest and you will not be disappointed.  IN MY Justin Wilson voice"i guarantee
Crispy Pata= Heaven


The outside was perfect, crispy not Greasy at all.   The meat was cooked just so.  The dipping sauce was some of the best that I've ever had.  I could just drink the dipping sauce, the wife loves it over her rice.
My husband and I are obsessed with their Lechon Kawali. It's probably the crispiest we've had. We go there if we're craving for home-cooked Filipino meals and we always leave satisfied. The owners a very accommodating, too.
Delicious pizza. No, like really delicious. And there is a lunch special: 2 good sized pieces of pizza and a drink for $3.50. Sort of like Pizza Heaven in terms of the straighforwardness but even more casual and easy going. Don't expect anything exotic in terms of toppings  but what they do, they do really well. Word.
I can't remember if I've been inside or not... I pretty much just order delivery. The food at this place is soooo fucking good. I think if I actually went there, it might spoil the magic a little bit. I prefer to imagine it as some really clean and yet authentic italian bistro. 

Pizza is excellent, hot subs are amazing, pasta dishes are to die for, and salads are perfect. The prices are great too. If they will deliver to you, you might as well call Jerry Springer and schedule a time a few years from now when he can film you being forklifted from your house.

Edit 4/21/08 - I finally visited the location... it's in that gungy strip mall on 40th and Indian School. I had imagined it being a gorgeous italian cafe in the middle of a lush green field with butterflies floating around and a bunch of stereotype chubby italian chefs with large moustaches bustling around tossing pizza dough in the air. 

The truth is, it's just a tiny spot in an old strip alongside a crappy gym and a grocery store. They have nice little cafe tables and chairs outside on the sidewalk and a few tables inside, so it would be great for lunch - however, I wouldn't suggest it for a romantic dinner. I'm sticking with delivery or pickup. 

Still 5 stars, still love it.

Here's a tip: If you wrap the leftover pizza in foil and fridge it, when you want to eat it again - it's great cold, but if you start up the oven to pre-heat at about 350, you can stick the pizza on the foil in the oven and it'll be ready by the time it's done pre-heating... that should be in just a few minutes. It'll taste like they just delivered it.
I remember hearing about this place from a friend of mine a couple of years ago, and I was like "Yeah, whatever dude."  But I stand corrected.

To echo the other comments, this is some awesome, no-frills thin crust New York style pizza with some great sauce.  It's located in the Bally's strip mall and like Jake said, it's similar to Pizza Heaven, which is great because i really enjoy that place.   The two-slice lunch special is such a STEAL too at $3.50 - it's even cheaper than Pizza Heaven. 

The space inside is small and cramped (which is also really New York style too) seating area for maybe about a total of 6 people, so be prepared to take it to go or order delivery.  

I've never had anything else here, but I'd be willing to try their subs since they serve Boar's Head meats.  And one of these days I'd even try their pastas and entrees.
There are not many places in Phoenix you can go and pick up a slice so Thank Goodness we have Mamma Mia!  They just opened a second location on 7th Street and Indian School so you have two central locations to choose from.  This new location also has a cute little patio in the front!
this place is awesome... they have great thin crust pizza and fresh veggies for their salads... they have the greatest lunch special ever... i don't remember exactly what it is but a drink and 2 slices for like 4 bucks...  don't let the outside scare you... the food is great.  if you live in the area i would pick it up, since their delivery can get pretty backed up.
I love Mamma Mia's!  The pizza never disappoints and the salads are always fresh.  I had the chicken fettucinne once and it practically  melted in my mouth.  They have an extensive menu to include antipasta and authentic desserts.  

 I always get delivery but recently I decided to check out the actual  interior.  The "dining area" consists of one small table and then an L shape bar that faces the store front and a wall so you will want to either carry out or deliver.
Got a coupon in the mail.... after reading the Yelp reviews I had to try it.

MAMMA MIA THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA!

I'm not ordering pizza from anywhere else again.

I'm an expat New Yorker and was very impressed. 

The crust is perfect! PERFECT. Thin. Chewy. Not soggy. Perfect. What, do they import bottles of NYC water or something? I don't know. They nailed it though.

The cheese quality was excellent. The meatballs were home made and delicious. The sausage was great too. They aren't stingy on toppings, either.

The coupon included salad. We ordered the Italian salad - your typical iceberg/tomato/red onion salad as you might get in NYC. I wish they added some olives and pepperoncinis, but oh well. They do get bonus points for sending good salad dressing (Ken's Itallian). They also get bonus points for sending red peppers and real parmesan. 

I'm excited to have finally found a decent place in Central Phoenix to order pizza from. Everywhere else I've tried has been an EPIC FAIL.
I don't like eggplant, never have. So why did I order the Eggplant Parmigiana Hot Sub my first time at Mamma Mia's? ...I don't know. Weird, huh? Yeah, well, I'm glad I did, it was delicious, and certainly not short on cheese. MMMM... cheese. Actually stopped by here with a friend a few weeks back after seeing the good reviews on Yelp, but I guess we missed the part about there only being one table and a few other seats inside, and we were in the mood for something a little... bigger. But I kept them in mind, and this time I just wanted take-out. I was in and out in just a few minutes, and the staff was very pleasant. They also deliver, which I will definitely be taking advantage of in the future. And love the Yelp sticker on the door.

Oh, also got a cannoli. Yum. The last one, too. So if you were that guy behind me in line that missed out, well, tough titties. You snooze, you lose, pal.
Followed up my initial visit to Mamma Mia's with a couple delivery orders, and both were incredible. Designed my own calzone (black olive, bell pepper & pineapple), which came loaded like a freight train (you'll have to forgive me, I woke up to GN'R this morning), and overflowing with cheese. MMMM... cheese. Again. Then the lobster ravioli (really rich - absolutely decadent - after which I was compelled to hit the treadmill as soon as I could move, which wasn't until several hours later). Also tried the cheese garlic bread and the Mamma Mia Special Salad (salami on the side), and I'm convinced - it's all good here.

No problems with delivery - first time was quoted 45 mins, and driver arrived in 40. Second time was also quoted 45, but driver arrived in 30. Highly recommended.
Thanks to Yelp, I finally decided to try this place out.  I had driven past this place a million times but was less than impressed by the strip mall so I was hesitant to try it.  I've been missing out on some seriously good pizza.  We ordered a 16" pizza with mushrooms and half sausage/half pepperoni.  We picked up rather than delivery because it is in the neighborhood and they said there would be a $3 delivery charge.  It was ready in about 20 minutes and the service was great.  After we got the pizza home, we dove in and it was fantastic.  The crust was crispy but still chewy.  The tomato sauce was flavorful with out being too spicy or sweet.  I was glad to see that they used fresh mushrooms rather than canned.  The pepperoni was more flavorful than the sausage.  We thought the sausage would be better in chunk form or thicker slices.  The thing that I especially appreciated was that the entire layer of topping didn't slide off the crust when you took a bite.  We will be back to this place again and are thrilled to have a great neighborhood pizza joint.
You know that scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High where Jeff Spicoli takes one of his Vans off and hits himself on his head? Well that's what I did when I went to this place for the first time.   Why haven't I been coming here for the last 10 years, this place is great!!!  

I would say this is the best non-Pizzeria Bianco/Cibo pizza in the valley.  The crust is awesome, sauce and cheese just perfect!

The really impressive part is is how picture perfect the pizzas are made.

The lobster ravioli were huge, easily enough for two.  Baked Ravioli's were better that average but needed more basil or something.

You really can't dine here, so it's take out or delivery.  They have one table and a few other seats inside if you had to eat here I guess you could.
I am confused by some of the extremely positive reviews I have read about this restaurant. Yes, service is friendly and efficient, but the food is mediocre. 

I have found the slices I've ordered to be tired from sitting out for quite a bit of time with congealed cheese that just seems to slide off the pizza. Similarly, the chicken parmesan meal that I ordered last night was acceptable, but far from stellar. Cheese was not melted and the chicken did not seem particularly appetizing.

I think the problem is that Phoenix is so lacking in New York style "buy a slice," dive-style pizzerias that people in Phoenix are willing to settle. Were this restaurant transported to New York, New Jersey or Connecticut, it would barely survive a weekend. I feel bad writing such a negative review given the friendliness of the staff (and the food is a good "value" in terms of quantity, but not quality), but they really do need to seriously reconsider the product they are putting out and how it can be improved.

Perhaps I will order a fresh pizza from them one day and then update my review...I'd like to hope it would be better, but I'm not holding out much hope.
I can't believe I never reviewed Mamma Mia's!  It is close to my house, there is always parking, the food is cheap and good... what else is there to say?!  The pasta dishes will feed you for at least two days and their pizza by the slice is cheap cheap cheap.  Needless to say, I come here at least twice a week.
I'm a healthy eater.  I love the low carb pizza, salads, and buffalo chicken in a whole grain wrap.  The staff is fun, delivery is timely.  Also, I have used them for catering 3 big events in the past.  The food has always been complimented by my guests, and they immediately become customers.  The staff that attends the catering is very professional.  I highly recommend them to cater your next corporate event.
Truly a slice of heaven....

I was hungry, hadn't had lunch, and quickly popped into Mamma Mia's for a slice.  

It's unfathomable that something so delicious could be so inexpensive.  An enormous slice of NY style pizza for $1.50, plus a quarter per topping.  I was in a mushroom mood, and it was just fabulous.

The sauce and crust are so good -- and it's got just the right amount of cheese -- enough that gives you the "cheese stretchies" that you want, but without impeding the flavors of the toppings and sauce.

I haven't tried their sandwiches or pasta yet -- but I plan on it.

The people working there are also super friendly.

The only thing that is a bummer is that it's pretty small, so don't plan on bringing a big group.  Otherwise, I just can't say enough good things about their pizza!
This here is some good pizza! Had the 18" stuffed pizza and it was so damn good.. ate 2 pieces and have a completely full tummy.. also had some delicious wings and meatballs. Will certainly go here again.. great folks running this place too, super friendly!!

I remember a time where super friendly service was the norm not rarity as it has become. Kudos to Mamma Mia!!
Is it the price? Is that what makes this place so darn popular? It must be, for to some, cheap does equal good. I was expecting more, though, based on the glowing reviews. 

Yes, it's cheap. My pal and I got 3 slices and 2 drinks for $6.75. The slices are HUGE too. I ordered 1 slice with chicken and 'chokes. Big props for having appealing extras, like pesto and garlic, to put on your slice. 

When my slice arrived, it looked good. When I picked it up to take a bite, I noticed how crispy the crust was. Not my fave thing but not the worst. I admit, though, I was disappointed. I was expecting more flavor and a heartier piece of pie. 

I like how cheap 1 slice is and how you can add additional toppings for .25$ each. That gets my vote. I only wish it tasted better. 

My pal and I opted to sit inside, too. Once we got to talking, I barely noticed how tiny the place was. The main distraction came from the TV hanging above the door turned to some news channel. Words like "infidelity gene," "sperm" and "hurricane" tend to get my attention. 

This isn't a place I'd go back, but if friends/co-workers wanted to pick something up from here, I'd probably say it's worthwhile. They could use some more a/c, though. I feel sorry for the pizza makers. They must sweat their kneaded dough balls off.
Okay, so I liked Mamma Mia's.

Went with a co-worker for an escape from the workplace doldrums.

For cheap pizza, it's pretty damn great.

But for great pizza, it's... alright.

My 4 stars come through my "cheap bastard" filter; I rate my food not only by taste, but by value. Value = great here, so it pulled my 3 stars to 4. I've not often spent so little for pizza that tasted this good.

It wasn't a very comfortable place to eat in, but that's not really the point of Mamma Mia's. I know that, now. It's a take-out joint. Or, if it's not frikkin' hot, eat outside.

You'd probably want to call in your order, and take it back somewhere air conditioned to eat.

Pizza = garlic + cheese
Crust = a little too done, but nice and thin.
Size = BIG pieces. Man-boy likes this.

Verdict = If you're wanting to battle your belly viking on the cheap, this is a great place to grab a slice.
I don't really have anything new to add to the reviews, just wanted to mention how I'm hooked on their 2 slices & large drink combo deal. Two grande slices of sausage pizza (which is similar to the excellent Streets of New York's thin crust meatball pizza) and a large drink is a great deal here whatever it may happen to cost.
What I mean is, I get the same thing each time and I think they've charged me a different amount every visit. Once it was $3.50, then sometimes $4.50, sometimes an odd number like $4.73 or the even $5 tonight. I don't mind the inconsistency in the price, though, since the pizza is consistently good. Plus, whether it be $3 or $5 or anything in between, it's still a good deal.
I have been meaning, for some time, to write a review on Mamma Mia since I have picked up Pizza there about 20 times. It still isn't the Chicago deep Dish I yearn for but it has all of the qualities of a Non Chicago style Pizza I search for: Fresh Ingredients, Great Sauce, Big Slices and a Crispy bottom (but not too thin, more pan size)

We got some Ziti last night for the first time instead of just pizza. The pasta really shows how good they make their gravy. It has a little bit of an addicting taste to it. 

This is more of a take out place but the staff is always friendly and know how to bake pizza's. It is on my top 5 list of pizza's in the valley.
Paint me with tasty grease* and marinara...
I'm  f#cking A impressed!

I strolled in the the first time the other day, the little joint was packed, I barely got a parking spot in back. It was around lunch time and as you can imagine between 2 Hippies and this place, it's tough to get in.

Anyway I wasn't sure what to get so the nice folk behind the counter suggested I just try their lunch special.
His idea was a stellar one.

The special was two one topping slices and a can of soda for 4 bucks. That can't really be beat. The slices were huge, two slices basically equaled a quarter pie (felt like about 4 lbs!). Tasty fresh pepperoni, no shortage of mozzarella and good quality mozz I might add as well.

The little dinning room (and I mean micro) was seatless, all were taken except one 4 top with three suit and tie lawyers noshing at it. They eyed me/sized me with my giant slices and can of Mountain Dew and immediately invited me into their circle. There they offered me a piece of their fine sausage pie. Killer as well. Nice patrons (probably made friendly  by the fine flavorful pie!)

This is probably the best NYC style slices I have had west of the Mississippi. I shit ya not.

I'll definitely be back and I hope to see you there.
Ciao!



*pizza is suppose to be greasy!
When it comes to great pizza it doesn't  get any better than Mama Mia's.  After trying it for the first time 4 years ago I knew I would never be able to eat pizza anywhere else.  The pizza has a medium thick crust that is always crispy and delicious.  You cant beat 2 slices and a soda for $3.50.  The slices are huge, and extra toppings are only a quarter.  My personal favorite is anchovies, mushrooms and black olives.  With a little bit of cheese on top to hold it all together, it is a meal that cant be beat.  If you are ever in the area be sure to stop in for a slice or 2, or better yet make a special trip. All the food there is great and I promise, you will not be disappointed.
I am from Philadelphia and I am always looking for good pizza. I recently came upon Mama Mia on the way home from work and I have been there every week since. If you like true U.S. eastern style pizza at a good price then you should try Mama Mia's. It is truly great!
Well yelper's you are right it is a fabulous place to get pizza...I am of course biased. My brother is the one in the photo. 
His name is Tony and he is the "Tony" in Tony's Mamma Mia's the second location.

My kids beg constantly to go and have pizza at Uncle Tony's place...It's such a drive though. When we do make that drive it never disappoints, there isn't a pizza like it anywhere...well that isn't true I would have to use an awful lot of frequent flier points to fly us all back East so Mamma Mia's takes care of us here on the West Coast where pizza just isn't usually done right. 

Their pasta's and subs are great too and the kids love to get some ice cream for dessert.

This is A+ all the way...Thanks guys for keeping Tony alive in our hearts and our tummy's :)
After trying their pasta & meatballs and pizza at the Yelp Birthday Party, I will be stopping in their restaurants next time I'm in the area!  The staff were very nice and the food was very good!
Maybe we caught them on an off night. I was not impressed. We were choosing between Red Devil and Mamma Mia's, and Mamma Mia's delivers, so it won. We should have driven, but being new in the neighborhood, we didn't know better.

Pros: 
1)the delivery guy was prompt and friendly. 
2) the chicken wings were tasty.

Cons: 
1)The Veggie pizza has gobs of thawed, previously frozen chopped spinach. You know, the kind that comes in a frozen block at the grocery store that you're supposed to wring out before you use it.
2)The crust was beyond soggy...it was downright WET. Probably from the aforementioned icky spinach.
3)The wings come with a packet of blue cheese salad dressing, the kind you pick out of a basket at cafeteria salad bars. And it was really thin and watery. At least it matched the pizza...

There are too many decent pizza places to risk this place again.
I was at a Yelp! pARTy a few days ago held at the Phoenix Art Museum and was able to sample the meatball and pasta at the Mamma Mia stand.  They were freakin' amazing!  The pasta was perfect- so tender and creamy, and the meatballs... oh, the meatballs.  I didn't care for the cheese pizza offered (I'll have to check out other toppings), but I cannot wait to go for my first visit!
I've lived just down the street from Mamma Mia's for almost 3 years now, and it's been my favorite pizza place ever since I discovered it. The prices are just right (two slices and a drink is enough to fill anyone up, and it's only around $5). The owner (Frank) is friendly and always remembers my name when I come in, even when they're crazy busy! 

Added bonus: Immediately next door is a small alcohol store where you can grab some beer (if you're getting your pizza to go). And what goes better with pizza than beer?

The only downside I've noticed is that their full-size pizzas tend to be somewhat limp in the middle. I always get slices (which are cooked by themselves), so that's never really an issue for me.
Wow... I am immediately adding this to my "Recent Discoveries: Lovely places I cannot believe I have been living without"

Actually had delivery last night, so I cannot comment on the establishment itself, but I have been in the parking lot many times.

We had pizza and pasta, and both were absolutely amazing. The funny thing was, I am told that last nights tasty treats were not as good as usual. I cannot imagine that, but it was said.

Normally I salt and cheese my pizza, but I ate this straight up, no flavorings. That is quite the accomplishment!!

The pasta (I forget which kind it was) had a really different but amazing flavor. I also enjoyed dunking the bread.

I am so excited to discover MM delivers to me, although I am not excited about the amount of weight I am going to gain as a result... better start doubling my diet pill intake...
I've had this casino style coin bouncing around in the console of my car since...well, since some Yelp event where I received it. 

I happened to be in the area of Mama Mia's (for the 10th time since said event, I'm sure) and remembered this thing. Good for 2 slices and a drink at Mama Mia's. Cool. 

It was very sweet and melancholy for me to have NY style pizza again. It's the first time I've had good, fold it and jam it in your piehole NY style since I left the east coast early this year. 

The staff was very polite in ushering me out the door as I choked off wracking sobs around the delicious pizza. The guy by the oven even sat down his pizza tool thingy, dashed around the counter and gave me a hug while dabbing at my moist eyes with the greasy cloth he had tucked in his apron. Such sweet, sweet solace we find in favorite foods of years past, no?
Lunch was a large antipasto salad, veal parmigiana (w/ ziti), and ziti w/ meatballs.  The delicious salad (ham, salami, cheese rolled up and sliced, pepperoni, lettuce, artichokes, roasted red peppers, black olives, pepperoncinis, and tomatoes) came w/ soft bread that made me place an order for garlic bread w/ the pasta dishes since soft bread just wasn't cutting it for us.  The salad would've satisfied the both of us, but we attempted to take it easy since there were two pasta dishes coming up!  (We ended up boxing up half the salad for leftovers.)

Veal parmigiana was my companion's immediate decision, but since she rarely enjoys the dishes she picks, I knew I had to have a back-up, and w/ so many selections to choose from, the decision was very hard to make.  So I decided I'd go w/ the tried and true meatball ziti.  Was I pleased w/ both entrees!!  Sure enough, my companion did not enjoy the veal parmigiana (how fortunate for me!!), and she told me to be sure to put it into my review that it wasn't any good.  I told her she should start a yelp profile so that she could make that assertion herself!  I, on the other hand, enjoyed feasting on both dishes.  The garlic bread was perfectly seasoned and wonderfully crispy!  Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!  (And yes, she loved the ziti w/ meatballs... Now I'm regretting not ordering a side of meatballs to go!  Oh well, guess I'll have to make another trip to MM soon.)

Even though I was thoroughly satisfied w/ salad, bread, and the pastas, we did end up sharing a cannoli.  She didn't like it at all, saying it was flavorless and was left yearning for a cannoli from Whole Foods (Ray/101).  I, on the other hand, thought it very good: the shell was crunchy and wasn't greasy-tasting at all, and the chocolate-chip studded filling wasn't overly-sweet.  (And no, I do not like WF's cannolis... too sweet and too vinegar-y, if that makes any sense at all.)

The venue's signage didn't impress my companion and immediately implanted the idea in her mind that this place was a "dive," but I was very impressed w/ how busy the place was, and how great-tasting the food served was.  I'm sure my companion would've come away w/ a more positive experience had there been a separate dining area w/ table service (and therefore not have to dodge heavy foot-traffic while we dined).  Now that I've visited this place, I'll be able to give future companions a description of what to expect when dining here: a no-frills walk-up counter best visited during non-rush hours serving awesome antipasto salad and great pastas!  

Mamma Mia!  How can I resist you?!
..only 10 grams of carbs per slice? "No, only 10 carbs per 12" pizza!" SOLD!

Amazingly thin whole wheat crust covered in sauce, cheese and sausage ($5.95) and a shit load, 24, of buffalo wings ($9.95) made up our dinner tonight.. low carb load and maximum taste and value! The crust was lightly crunchy on the edges and chewy in the middle, love the different textures as you work through each bite. 

The owner attests, he's lost 80lbs low carb'n.. instant motivation to continue and stay the course with low carb eating and living. Mamma Mia's, I love you!
just had another one...still awesome...yay for consistency!
I first tried Mamma Mia's at the Yelp Birthday Party event (at the Phoenix Art Museum). I honestly wasn't super impressed by the pasta (I believe it was a penne vodka)--I found it a bit soggy and the sauce a bit too creamy for my taste. However, I remember thinking that the pizza was really simple but good NY-style pizza with slightly crispy thin crust, sauce that's not too zesty or sweet, and just the right amount of good-quality cheese. 

The employees manning the table at the event that night were also super friendly and even offered me a free pizza token when they found out they delivered to my office (located just a few blocks away). 

Since then, I've had Mamma Mia's pizza twice: once when a few co-workers and I cashed in the token and got a cheese pizza delivered to the office and again recently when a co-worker and I stopped in for the $3.50 lunch special (two slices and a soda). Both times, the pizza lived up to the stuff I tried at the museum event. I was also really impressed with the quick delivery (and friendly delivery man). 

I'm sure I will be back to this Mamma Mia's location many times (or at the very least, I will be calling them for delivery to my office!).
3 Reasons Why Mamma Mia's Rules~!
The lunch price for two humongous slices and a small drink is $3.50 
The lobster ravioli is rich and creamy dreamy in a red pepper brandy cream sauce
The large antipasto salad is awesome and enough for 3 full meals
This place is just across the street from my house, and thank god for that! Finally, some real NY pizza that is right every time. These guys have the crust right, the sauce right, and especially the attitude right. It's small, always full of customers, always busy, and the workers are having fun while slinging pies for you and me. It's refreshing to hear a curse word or two fly out of the kitchen especially when its followed by a genuine smile and a "how ya doin?" They are pretty good at remembering names, but who cares about that-- they get my pizza done the right way. They also have some of the best cavateli this side of New Rochelle, and their baked ravioli is superb. My Italian wife will not permit me to get the baked ziti as hers is the very best, but I'm sure it's good too. It's also one of the only places around where I can find my old favorite --Cel-Ray soda. That's right, celery flavored soda. If you don't believe me, then leave it for those of us who do -- the number one non-alcoholic drink to be had with good pizza. You want NY pizza? Go to Mama Mia's and eat!
Want 2 slices of great pizza and a drink for $5.00?  mama mia is the spot.  That's all there is to it.  Great crispy thin crust 'zah at a great price.  Staff is always friendly and they often remember your name.  Delivery is also fast and friendly.  Pizza is always delivered hot and awesome.  Check it out, if you haven't yet.
Just two simple NY style slices - $3.

Frankie makes some amazingly fresh, thin crust pizza with a perfect crispness and light on the cheese. This a neighborhood gem where you can also get a reasonable meal but 2 slices filled me up perfect.
Incredible pizza! A must try. Plus they will even deliver Cigarettes and wine if requested! how cool is that?!
Great specials: 2 slices and a drink for $3.50
It's not the greatest pizza ever (for that, go to Pete's # 2 in Chicago), but it beats anything from Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's, etc. 

The portions are big, the pizza is not too ridiculously greasy, and the people are friendly without being fake. Delivery is also quick! 

ETA: I'm giving them a full five stars because they are so friendly and have great service. They charged me twice for a pizza, so I went in and they gave me the cash right then and there. They weren't even snotty about it!
Had a few meatballs and penne vodka pasta at the Yelp Rocks event.  Super-tasty!  Can't wait to pay MM a visit soon...
Summary for phone Yelpers and the TLDR crowd:
Best pizza in the area / best food in its price range in the area. There is no fault to be found with their two slices special. My favorite trio of toppings is meatball, onion, and basil. This brings you to about $5.00. The pizza slices are very large and crunch when you bite into them.

This review centers around the two slices deal.

Situation:
I work at 44th St. and Thomas and am always looking for great food on the cheap.

Getting there:
If you're coming from the east on Indian School, turn left at 40th St as opposed to turning into the parking lot closer to Bally's. If you're coming southeast from Indian School, take 40th St. and turn left when you see the drive through liquor joint.

Parking:
It's a tight parking lot. If you're in a larger vehicle it would be best to park a little nearer to the check cashing place.

Menu:
If you're going for the two slices deal, pick up one of the paper menus as some of the available toppings aren't featured on the big menu above the counter.

Ordering:
The only thing to note about ordering is that they will not let you order the two slices deal in advance. This probably doesn't concern 98% of the population but is a bummer when you're meeting up with someone with limited time or want something on the run. The pizza will take between 5 - 10 minutes. They give you a small cup. China mist iced tea was added within the last six months which was nice since I try to avoid soda whenever I'm already wrecking shop on my health with the pizza.

Service:
Your order will be brought to you whether you sit inside or out. The inside is a lot more comfortable since the table that cramped the interior was removed. There are misters outside.

The food:
The pizza is a real treat. The slices are slightly smaller than Sbarro (just a point of reference, put the flamethrowers away) but the pizza is completely different. Where a slice of NY style pizza can be folded and needs support from a second hand, Mamma Mia's remains stiff with its thin crust. Is this New Jersey style pizza? I have no idea.

I haven't had a bad set of slices here. The quality is consistent though I have had some jalapenos that weren't all the way baked leaving them way to spicy for me and my ham and pineapple mix.

The only other item I've had here is the stuffed meat supreme which, from the website, is "pizza crust on top and bottom stuffed with pepperoni, sausage, ham, ricotta, mozzarella and sauce." If you've been minding some tofu diet for a month and deserve a caloric overdose; or are trying to commit suicide in a delicious way, it's a great choice.

Grated Parmesan, crushed red peppers, garlic powder, and oregano are available in shakers. 

Conclusion:
For being dough, sauce, and cheese, Mamma Mia really do something amazing here. This is a restaurant that I'm excited to take anyone to who hasn't yet been. If you haven't been... what are you waiting for? Look at the volume of reviews!
Are you serious you thought Cannoli was soft and doughy ugh! It is supposed to be exactly the way they served it to you. Crispy golden brown on the outside and filled with sweet ricotta and chocolate chips, then dusted with a little powdered sugar. 

Now I want a Cannoli! I will also take some tortellini alfredo cuz yeah it's damn good. I don't care for many Alfredo sauces other than my mother's or my own. But this one is Winner Winner Pasta dinner! The bread is good to. 

I have had the Ziti, Chicken parm, and the Marsala. My favs from here are the Tortellini and the Marsala. 

Then the Pizza, well lets just say delicious!
This is the best pizza restaurant in the area I have discovered so far!  They have a fairly extensive menu and I keep meaning to go back and try more stuff.

Their standard pizzas are just delicious, many toppings to choose from, tasty sauce, not too thin crust, not terribly expensive.  The calzone was excellent as well!

Delivery is speedy, they appear to have lunch specials and interesting variations on  your typical pizza.  I am a fan!
Not so good anymore. Plus the "aura" of the place has become a little snotty.
i love the army, but they make me wake up wicked early.  then i work, work, work and when lunch rolls around, me want tasty goodness FAST.  mamma mia's is the solution.

i got their 2 slice deal, mushrooms.  this cost me $4...that alone makes it rockstar, but you have to ask yourself...does it get any better?!  oh yes, it does!!!  the crust was crunchy, the cheese ooey-gooey and the mushrooms PLENTIFUL, which made me disgustingly happy.  i think pizza places never put enuf mushrooms...today, i met my match.

the joint is hoppin, but they still manage to get you out in about 10 minutes.  plus, you get to stare at frank sinatra while you wait (young, cute blue eyes, not the older, less attractive version) and listen to the tv blaring.  and if you are me, the QUEEN of movie trivia, you enjoy your wait as a time to school co-workers in "the Game" while you wait for your AWESOME slices.

moral of the story, go, young ones and enjoy.  the food is plentiful and cheap, atmosphere friendly but small.  its easy to miss...KEEP YOUR EYES PEELED!!!
uhhhhh i just got delivery for the first time- gave the guy a tip and he goes "is that it?" and my pizza was $20? wow, expensive. i lost my appetite. anyone want some pizza?
I love this place. It's a little bit of the Bronx right here in dusty Phoenix. The thing I crave of theirs is the stromboli, which is filled to bursting with fresh ingredients. It's often my choice for my cheats on my diet. Gotta love when New Yorkers come in and show the rest of the town how it's done.
Hot slice today and it was quite good - thin crust with crispy bottom sprinkled with cornmeal, somewhat chewy in the middle of the crust, sweet 'n tangy sauce, and rather milky mozzarella cheese.  Very cheap too.  Only real negative is the lack of seating and almost no A/C inside.
peeps, i penned, a piece of prose
or poem, sure, Abu would know
the difference, dawg, cuz he's da man
my literary, yelping,  fan
either or, i rhyme to those
at Mama Mia's, pizza pros
ya, they toss, the perfect pie
forget the grease, just open wide
crispy crust, just like the city
Frankie, yappin', itty-bitty
shop, next to, a liquor store
could you ever, ask for more
three bucks buys, two slices, soda
sauce and cheese, not overloaded
favorite of, the Phoenix, finest
police choose, Mama Mi's, to dine at
and even though, i feel safe
when i'm eating, at this place
six cop cars, not on patrol
i wonder, did i, lock my home
hell, i'm not worried, keep 'em fed
to serve, protect, and stuff, instead
tiramisu, into, their boccas
cross your fingers, pray and hope da
bad guys, burglars, don't break in
and interrupt, these cop's, din-din
Mamma Mia what a great pizza!!  I'm Italian and from back East so I know  :)   I found this gem through groupon.com.  Awesome deal that day, $35 worth of food for $10..I bought three of these even before trying the pizza. I figured it's 10 bucks what have I got to lose, right?

WOW....these slices of heaven shot me right back to my childhood.  hanging out at The Roma or Two Kings on a Friday night in downtown Tamaqua....eatin' pizza, cruisin' Broad Street and enjoying time with friends.  (did I mention I'm a first generation Italian..lol)  Oh, and the pizza was good.

Anyway, Mamma Mia is fantastic!  Nice crispy crust, not too thin but soft to the tooth in the middle.  When I got my slice there was grease on top of the cheese..Grease!!  Can you believe it?  That's how a pizza is supposed to be.  I relished every bit of that sweet sweet cheesy pizza grease.

I am looking forward to going again real soon.  They have this awesome deal.  Two slices of pizza and a can of soda for 4 bucks...how can you possibly beat that?!   :)

Take this from a paisana who knows...GO NOW to Mamma Mia's...your taste buds will be glad you did.
I felt like I was back on the streets of Manhattan when I bit into the cheese slices at Mamma Mia's. No, not some foo-foo gourmet version with duck and pomegranate flecks, but a real pizza like you'd find in, well, a pizzeria.

$4.00 for two huge slices and a can drink? Wonderful, and psst, right next to New Orleans Snowball. I have to think that I'll be trying everything but the motorcycle shop on that very complete and varied strip mall! 

Thanks, Antonio and Mama Mias's!
Awesome food. Awesome service!!!!  Would make the trip from Chandler again.
Let me just say finally! I moved here from Jersey a year ago and the is the first time I can say I had a real slice of pizza and a real sub.  The food is great and the price can't be beat.  I am such a fan of this place it is the reason I just signed up for a yelp account.
I have noticed that most of the reviews focus on their pizza. It's great. I wanted to give a shout out to their subs as well. I had the Mamma Mia special and it was a great sandwich. Stuffed with meat and with roasted peppers, it was a sub that I would return to enjoy again.
Average slices. Nothing special.

Not sure how much they pay the New Times for being nominated as PHX's best slice, but I disagree.

I will say the prices are good and the girl who works the counter is always nice. 

Way better options out there, but if you are in a hurry and live close to this location...
This establishment will never see another penny from me. My wife and I along with a couple of other friends walked into Mamma Mia last night and were immediately told to get the "bleep out." The lights were on and the door was propped open so we assumed they were open for business. We tried to find out what the problem was and explain we are regular customers and shouldn't be treated like this. He then proceeded to tell us that he didn't need our "bleepin business" and to get the bleep out. There are plenty of other good pizza places in this area, so the owner will get his wish, we will never be back and I encourage others to do the same. The owner has the right to close and not serve people, but if your lights are on and your door is propped open and someone walks in there is no excuse for this behavior.
I used to be a hardcore Mamma Mia groupie, now I'm just sort of lukewarm and meh about the place. 

The wings have always sucked with a weird cloying sweetness that shouldn't be present in a vinegar dominant sauce, and they're always soggy, which is kind of a big bummer. But it's the pizza that's the big star here and I don't know if it's just me but it seems like there's been a slow but noticeable decline in its quality. Less toppings, burnt crust more often than not, cheese that seems to congeal in the five minutes it takes to go from box to mouth. They used to have a lot more hot sandwich and a drink specials too. Chicken parm, cordon bleu, meatball subs, all delicious! Just not offered with as much regularity or in as plentiful a portion as they used to be. 

Plus, and this might be a personal beef, but the drink that came with the two slices special has been scaled back to a much smaller cup. Have the extra couple gulps of soda per transaction really translated to that much of an increase in syrup costs? Is an extra six ounces of drink really hurting business?

One last point and I'll end this sigh-inducing session. The service at Mamma Mia's is really pretty crappy now. Granted it was never the friendliest pizza joint (I seriously don't get the love expressed in all these reviews, as I've never seen it), but I'm just as happy with a terse and professional transaction as I am a chatty one. Now I'm lucky to get so much as acknowledgment upon approaching the counter. Usually just a blank stare from the cashier as they wait for you to speak up, followed by the price of whatever you wanted. No "Thanks." No "It'll be just a minute." Nada. I'm pretty sure that the scowls on the counter gals are fast becoming fixed.

Don't get me wrong, I'm still going to stop by for a quick couple of slices now and then. I just don't get as excited as I used to. I used to be a super groupie! Mamma Mia! Sad days.
It always seems that there has to be one spoil sport in the crowd.  When a person takes the time to write a 4 paragraph comment, and ends the last paragraph with, "Don't get me wrong, I'm still going to stop by for a quick couple of slices now and then", you really have to sit back and scratch your head.  I guess some people are just poised for negativity.  When all you can do is make a valiant attempt to point out all the short comings that you think you have found, and then make the comment, "I seriously don't get the love expressed in all these reviews, as I've never seen it", you must truly be a hater.  I love the wings at Mama Mia's; I have never got a soggy order of wings, they are always crispy and flavorful.  Sure they may have down sized the cup, but if you were a true groupie, you would remember that at one time there was only one size of cup, period.  Now, one has been down sized, but there is a choice of two cups, a large and a small.  Who cares if they down sized the cup, the drinks have free refills any way.  Oh, so you have to make a few more trips to the soda fountain to get more soda, big deal.  If you are getting it to go, drop a few more cents and get a large, it isn't that much more to spring for.  

The counter girls I think are great.  They are always sweet & kind and are very willing to help me with prompt and courteous service.  Yes, maybe at times it gets really busy and they can't give me their full attention, but that is business in a very popular and very busy pizzeria.  Very seldom do I go to Mama Mia's, and there isn't a wait or a line ahead of me.  I have been going to Mama Mia's since they opened in November of 2004.  I have always loved their pizzas, wings, and subs.  They have a slew of subs to choose from as well as many pasta dishes and calzones, all made fresh to order.  Yes some of the subs change as far as the specials are concerned.  Some come and some go to make room for new ones.  Then old subs come back and then they are gone again.  My favorite sub ever was Jays Caribbean Chicken Sub.  It was a short special, but I still loved it and if it comes back I will get it again.  It is what it is.

Mama Mia's is a great pizza restaurant that has been a neighborhood icon since 2004.  Even in the worst of economic times they never changed their prices and have stayed true to the game all the way.  You can still get 2 slices of pizza and a soda for $3.50, and you can't beat that anywhere.  So thank you Mama Mia's for being there to fulfill my pizza needs and desires whenever I get the urge.  Keep up the good work!!!
I like Mamma Mia's more every time I go.  Today I took five people from my office here for lunch...two of them from back east.  They loved the pizza and the owner Frankie really took care of us.

This has become hands down my favorite pizza place in AZ and one of the best in the country.
I grew up on the east coast.  My freshman year in college was all about NY pizza.  Having lived in the Pacific Northwest for the past 11 years, I haven't found much that could compete with NY pizza, so when we moved to Phoenix last week, I  was ecstatic to discover this awesome pizza place just down the street from my new house.  Evocative of the corner pizza joints found both in NYC and outlying towns, the pizza is authentic, from the perfect crust, to the large slices and toppings, to great prices. My  family  may single-handedly keep this place in business.
I ate here often when I lived in the area. Cheap, good pizza.  Has anyone else noticed that they are not using a brick oven to cook their pizzas?
Lunch special: 2 Slices + Drink = $3.50

Classic New York style pizza. It's the kind you have to fold over to eat. A bit greasy but I refuse to be one of those chicks who dab their pizza with paper towels. I just let the grease and oil drip down my chin. Sexy, I know. 

It was good. It wasn't the BEST pizza I've ever had but for less than $5, this is a good lunch choice. I am leaving room for more from Mamma Mia. I have my eye on a couple items off the menu, like the Lobster Ravioli and White Pizza.

By the way, this is the first time I've heard of White Pizza. They don't have pizza in 'Nam so that was new. When my friend asked if I wanted some White Pizza, I told her I'm open-minded and certainly don't discriminate. Bring it on!
Since I'm on a low-carb diet, I never imagined I'd be able to eat pizza without cheating like a vengeful ex.  Then, thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found Mamma Mia and its 10 carb pizza.  For $5.95+tax.  Sold.

Show up at the store, where there are a few people on the "patio" happily chowing down on what looks to be some tasty grub.  Once I walk inside, I feel the warm, home-owned vibe that makes my tummy smile.  I pay my dues (under $6.50 with tax minus tip), wait 6 minutes, and voila! the pizza is ready.  

Armed with crushed red pepper and fresh parmesan from the restaurant, I dig in when I return to my office, savoring each pepperoni-and-cheese covered bite.  This is not the best pizza I've had; however, I can't imagine a 10 carb pizza being any better.  Crispy, thin, wheat crust, flavorful ingredients, and a short drive from work?  Wow!  

I will return, and may upgrade my already high rating!
This pizza is the bomb.  I enjoy their 2 slices and a drink special on a regular basis.  This is New York style pizza made by a Yankee fan like me!
At long last - a pizza joint that calls themselves "New York Style" and they're ACTUALLY RIGHT!!!  There's nothing "fancy" about these slices, but trust me - having eaten at several "hole in the wall" joints in NYC - including @ the subway stations - this is IT.  This is New York pizza to a tee.  

Very friendly staff.  I only wish the place was bigger to accommodate the crowd.  The $3.50 lunch deal is a STEAL and they don't skimp on the size of the slices.  It's a tad on the greasy side, which lends to its authenticity as New York style pizza.
1/15/10
Loved the low-carb cheese crisp!  White cheese on a low-carb wheat crisp- super-thin and delicious!  A couple of firemen came in and one of them immediately spotted my cheese crisp and remarked "she's having my favorite- the cheese crisp!"

I originally ordered a white pizza, but it had cornmeal in it, so subbed the cheese crisp, instead.  However, I was told that I could call in a day in advance and place my order, and a pizza could be made free of cornmeal.  Yay!

I also had the stuffed shellls sans marinara sauce.  Filling tasted great and had creamy texture.  However, since it was baked w/o the red sauce, parts of most of the shells were undercooked- honestly, it was inedible- you can spot the dry, uncooked areas in the photos.  Wonder if they can prepare it in a way to avoid this in the future?

Awesome cannoli-: ricotta-mascarpone filling, made in-house, w/ chocolate chips.  Not too sweet.  Made me wish I had ordered more than just one :(

Really wish they'd expand and install a proper dine-in area.  Not really comfortable w/ the current situation of having to eat w/ so many people crowding up indoors waiting in line...  Outdoor tables are always taken when I'm there (and really, who wants to eat outside while inhaling in carbon monoxide traffic fumes?  Not me!
Adding another star since my last review.

I just had their white pizza today and topped it with the tiramisu. Both are highly recommended.
Toppings are always fresh. Pizza always good. This is my go-to place to find NY style pizza.
Mama Mia Rocks. Unfortunately I don't make it out that way too often. I paid $6.96 for a drink and a hot chicken parmasean sandwich. The portion size is very filling and delicious. The previous restaurant I reviewed should check this place out and see how it's done. There's nothing I can add that hasn't been captured by previous reviewers. I need to dine here more often.
Huge pasta dishes! Huge. Nice little pizza place hidden away, in a strip mall! Big NY style pizza slices and the pasta dishes are great! There meatballs are really good but the sausage ehh I was a little let down on there sausagebut I'll get over it, pretty cheap for two people to go get pasta! I'll be back!
I was really looking forward to getting pizza from here as I've had it before and it was good.  So after looking at the menu I decided on a pie with two toppings sun-dried tomato's and hatch green chili's.  I ordered around 730pm and figured about a 30-40 minute wait.  At 840pm still had no pizza so I called and asked what the issue was.  Just then the driver called and asked for directions to my house.  I got the pie close to 9pm and the Pepsi was not really cold and the pie was far from hot.  So based on this experience a two star review because the pizza was good but for bad delivery and high cost for the poor service.
Not a huge fan... the service was ok, nothing special nothing bad. The building was ok, a little dirty. The pizza was a disappointment. 

The crust is good but really didn't have much flavor, the sauce.. oh wait what sauce. There was zero. I actually asked for a side of sauce. The cheese was just enough to cover the top and nothing more. The toppings were ok. meh... 

Prices were ok I guess.

Over hyped maybe? Bad day maybe?
This place has definitely improved. I remember the early days of soggy crusts, cheap cheese, subpar ingredients and heartburn.  This is certainly no longer the case.

The place was super jammed around 6pm on a Thursday night.  It was actually kind of exciting!  All the guys in back were having a good ol' time, and the gals up front taking the orders were visibly stressed, but doing a great job.  

We ended up creating our own vegetarian pizza.  We kept it simple, and just added mushrooms & onions.  It's everyone's new favorite... in fact, I've been ordering the same combination at other pizza places, but it's not nearly as yummy as Mamma Mia's version.  

They have a great selection to build your own, however I'm sure that all their offerings are a hit as evidenced by the long line of hungry pizza lovers going out the door.
I have been to Mamma Mia's on two consecutive days. Day 1, I ordered two slices of pie with sausage and meatball on them. Add small drink, pay CHEAP fare, and enjoy this blissful ride to pizza heaven. Awesome pizza. Reminds me of pie from the NYC in many ways. The menu is huge, with many choices for the pickiest of eaters. If you can't find an item on the menu you should probably live where you really are not allowed to make decisions. North Korea comes to mind... Anyways, I digress.

Day 2 went in and ordered the Chicken Parmesan Sandwich. The last time I had a parmi was on the Jersey Shore sometime in my wild and mindless youth. But, the one thing I do remember of my wild and mindless youth was those days on The Shore eating Parmis. Today, nostalgia came and-a hit me RIGHT-a in the face-a. These were AWESOME. And so that you know that I am not biased; my friend ordered one, and said it was "Absolutely amazing." So there.

Ok, so why then the 4 stars you may be asking? Well, 2 things.

1. It's 113 degrees outside today in Phoenix. When you stand in a restaurant and debate whether it would be better to stay inside, eat outside, or take it home, you know it's too fricking hot inside. We decided that the "to go" option was too good to pass up. Inside, it's ABOUT 10-12 degrees cooler than outside.

2. I'm not entirely exaggerating when I say that the front of this place is not much bigger than a broom closet. A small family will fill the space inside rendering it useless. The chairs are all canted in a weird angle rendering 3/4 of them useless. The lesson here folks: Take it home, to the office, or wherever you spend your days and nights. Just go away. Or.... wait until January to eat outside. 

It's a hit in my book, though.
Discovered via Groupon and ordered after checking reviews on Yelp. 2 stars are for the great pizza and unique variety of pizza toppings. Ribeye and blue cheese? Yes, please. Great crust and good enough sauce to get the job done. Bringing the rating down were two things. The "hot" wings were overcooked, though the sauce was flavorful. Sign of an amateur chef or maybe just a bad day. In keeping w/ the bad day as a possible excuse is the owner Frank. When I informed him he was overcharging customers who order pizzas 1/2 and 1/2 w/ ingredients, I experienced one of the oddest exchanges I've had w/ any place of business. Long story short, he said I was the first person to ever notice (how long had they been overcharging ppl??), invited me to train his staff or open my own business for 2.5 milllion to run it how I want, said he'd never lost a customer over a few bucks and w/ obvious great pain offered a small credit - not even the correct amount. Wow. So I learned Frank and math aren't best friends and he can no longer say he didn't lose a customer over a few bucks (there's 2 now). So many great places to get pizza. It's how you handle the rare hiccup that separates you from the rest. We'll keep going to Classic Italian Pizza and Venezia's for real good quick "fix" and Bianco and Cibo when we want take our time and enjoy the best. I'll save the pizza w/ attitude for when I'm back visiting NYC. Maybe Frank can open his next place there?
Mamma Mia might be the best tasting and cheapest New York style pizza in town! You can get two slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $3.50 while still satiating your craving for delicious pizza. They also serve an array of other good foods (sandwiches, wings, cannoli..mmm, etc.), but one of the best of the other dishes is the vodka penne pasta that pretty much melts in your mouth.

The staff is really nice and the owner is a cool guy. They always bring the food out quickly and the quality of their food doesn't waver. So...try them today!
UPDATE: On my most recent visit, I checked in on Yelp and received a free dessert deal. I got a canolli. It was meh, and I wouldn't have paid $4 for it.

Try the cheesy calzone with marinara sauce. Delicious! I can't believe I ate the whole thing!  Or get their 2 slices of pizza (50 cents extra per topping per pizza) and a drink deal for $3.50. Their slices are large on a deliciously crispy crust and the pizza ...the best! There's a small area outside with bistro tables and chairs, but I usally get mine to go. I'll be back.
I love the second location of Mamma Mia because it is closer to where I live, but this place has something the downtown location does not: Corn.

Yes, I love corn on my pizza.  Specifically with ricotta cheese.  I also love when I can spend so little on such quality.  If you haven't had the pizza here, then you are denying yourself of a Phoenix institution.  And definitely have some corn on it.
Mamma Mia's is good if you are poor, hungry and don't care if you fall asleep after lunch, which I don't, because my job is meaningless. 

All I've ever eaten here is the pizza and it's not bad depending on the time.  If they're busier they tend to under cook it because maybe they assume a customer waiting eight minutes instead of five is going to send you into a fucking Hulk frenzy and you'll chew off someone's face and then give them ONE star on Yelp.  And fuckin' A they'd be right.

I didn't wait eight minutes though, I waited five, and my shit was undercooked.  Typically people like their pepperoni crispy, take not Mamma Mia. 

The other reason why sometimes I avoid this place is because it's so tiny and closed in that when you order your pizza to-go and the seats are full you end up standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, mindlessly fucking with the fountain machine and gazing at the nonsensical wall memorabilia until someone says "EXCUSE ME?!"

By that time though, you'll have your under cooked lunch and it will hit the spot if you're in the mood for greasy, New York style pizza.

Then I fall asleep at my desk or think of adopting an eating disorder and vomiting in my work's public restroom.  But instead I just eat another slice and look up "crazy cat" on Youtube.  Either way, the lunch special is like 3.50 so it's always totally worth it.
This pizza is soo good! It reminds me of the pizza you would get on the Jersey shore. The slices are big and the sauce is very flavorful. Their prices are very reasonable too. And the best part? The tiramisu. You wouldn't think dessert would be that good coming from a pizza place, but man. This stuff is amazing and the perfect size and price.
Good stuff!  Pizza and calzones are really good.  Love that they participate in Groupon too.  Fun for the whole family.  I wish their salads were better though.
I've eatin' a lot of pizza and can say without worries that Mama Mia's is the Best I've had -- Consistency, value and great service sets them apart -- They also have the best take out wings in town!!!!
Great pizza - I always add garlic which makes every pizza even more AWESOME! I prefer to order carry out - sometimes the delivery takes too long when they get busy and you end up with cold pizza, which still tastes great (and not rubbery like those places that use cheap imitation cheese blends) but when you order fresh pizza, eating it hot is just sort of an expectation! If you keep your eyes peeled you can usually find killer deals in the coupon mailer, the Arcadian, and even on Groupon!
I only like to eat pizza two places on the valley and mamma mia is one of them.  But this place makes more then good pizza.  

The Penne Vodka is some of the best in town.    Eggplant Parm is also rocking!

It also make a great lunch or quick dinner how can you beat 2 slices and a drink for $3.50.

The Arcadia location is small and seating is limited.  About 6 seats inside and at most 12 outside.  Making takeout a better option.
Can't beat the lunch special!  Good food for very cheap- I mean inexpensive...  Frankie runs a great place.  Pastas are great.  Always good quality at a fair price.
When I go to Mamma Mia it's for the $3.50 two slices and a small drink. Can't beat the price, and I live just a couple of blocks away. Great for a quick lunch or if I want to grab a bite on the way home from work.

I don't know what they do differently, but I prefer the pizza by the slice to the whole pies here. The slices are perfectly crispy, the whole pies are good but aren't as crisp. I've only tried one of the pastas, the Penne Vodka. It was good, but not good enough to recommend over the pizza.
Went there about a month ago with a deal certificate I got from one of the deal sites. Place is tiny, so probably not so good to eat there.. though there were a couple of tables outside I wouldn't mind sitting at if I was eating lunch. can not beat the lunch special.. wish work was closer, so I can go there for lunch... Pizza was excellent, services was fast. Only took about 10 min for the 2 XL pizzas to be made and they were hot and tasty. Looking forward to my next stop there.
I buy a few groupons for this place every time they offer them!  The food is awesome!  Prices are good on somethings, little high on others, that's why I use the groupons when I can.  Small shop though, if you are there at an off time or doing take out would be easier.  But worth the time it takes to pick it up!
The reason I cannot.give it five stars is because this is not my favorite kind of pizza... but its amazing...by far the best delivery pizza...but i.dont want to put it in the pizza hut or.dominoes category either...its so much better then that...its just delicious new york style pizza...the pizza when you bight into it is chewy and hot...the sauce is delicious.  I love pepperoni so that is the pizza that I get almost everytime.  I like to dip it in ranch and it mkaes it that much better!  They have a great deal 2 slices and a drink for $3.50 which is awesome!  It is the best new york style pizza I have had here in Phoenix!  Gotta love it!  The chocolate mousse and the chocolate chip cannoli are very good as well if you have room after the pizza.
Order a slice, fold it, eat it, love it.
I had to move in October and I'm no longer in the delivery range of this place, but I still visit when I can and keep in touch with the owner. This is easily my favorite place in town for pizza. The cheesesteaks are incredible as well. 

The ambiance isn't fancy - it's a little hole-in-the wall of an old strip mall... If the staff is short with you, it's because this place is almost always busy. The best pizza places are usually the ones that are always busy. Think about it. 

If you ate here and didn't fall in love, you're doing it wrong - try again.
There's no doubt about it, both Mamma Mia locations deliver some great pizza on the cheap. This Mamma Mia is now the closer of the two to my house, and at first I was a little worried. I wasn't sure if both locations were going to be good, but I'm not worried anymore.

Whenever I go there, I get slices. I also usually only spend about $6. To me, that's awesome when I'm craving some pizza pie. By the way, Mamma Mia serves good ol' fashoined NY-style pizza. Their toppings range from traditional (roni, sausage, veggies) to fancy (salmon, bleu cheese, capers). I have been known to order capers on my slices (and they were actually really good). Normally I ask for the slices well done, and I'd recommend you do the same if you like that extra bit of crispiness like me. The slices come out relatively quickly, and I've never been dissatisfied with what I've been given.

I've yet to try their sandwiches or pastas, but in time I'm sure I'll get around to it. At $6 or less a pop, I feel like I've got a good thing going. If I'm in the mood for pizza and I don't feel like traveling far or spending much, Mamma Mia is towards the top of my list.
Mamma Mia serves cheap delicious Italian food. Every time I come here I order a slice of pizza with ranch and penne al la mamas which is the pasta of the gods in case you didn't know! If you love alfredo sauce you will love this pasta. The ranch here is really good too! I wish I lived in the area so I could eat here more often.
My husband, my friends and family and I have been there many times and the first word that comes to mind for us is inconsistent.  Sometimes the crust has been nicely done to a satisfying end and other times it has been like eating pizza on a large bagel, incredibly doughy.  The last time we went, we got a pie for some friends to come over to watch a PPV event.  Several people commented on how salty the pizza was.  It tasted quite different than it typically did in the past.  Just bizarre.  We also had an issue with them honoring a coupon that was assigned to their location and not expired...  When its good, its a fairly solid pie, for Phoenix.  But its a crap-shoot every time.  Think we've given them enough chances.
After the spectacular reviews we decided to give this place a try.  I can honestly say that I have had better.  Much better.  The pizza was bland and the salad was not very inspired.  I know it was Caesar, but I guess I have been spoiled by better places around the valley and this place just did not stand up to my high expectations.  I may recommend this place, but only as a last resort.
My new favorite place.  I love this pizza.  I became a vegetarian in March.  So cheese pizza with mushrooms and olives is very important to me.  And Mamma Mia's is cheap and delicious, my favorite combo.  And my constant companion, my 9 year old daughter born in Philly and a fan of hoagies, loves their turkey subs.  I'm just in it for the pizza.  

And if you sit outside you can watch the people going to the liquor store next door and watch the people playing frogger to get across the street to the Vig.  Pretty good people watching.
Wow! Best "fast pizza" I have ever had in AZ. I just moved to the arcadia neighborhood and am pretty familiar with the area. I kept driving by Mama Mia and its always busy despite being a hole in the wall. The next time I drove by I couldn't resist stopping in even though I was not hungry!

 I ordered cheese with bacon, hatch green Chile, and mushroom. I took a bite and it was fantastic! The crust was crunchy and soft at the same time, the sauce was explosive, and it wasn't too greasy even though there was bacon on it! 

I will never order chain pizza again considering they deliver 7 days a week! I recommend everyone to come try Mama Mia even if you dont live the neighborhood. You wont be disappointed!
I used to love Mamma Mia's. No more.

DO NOT order on-line unless you would like your money stolen. Ordered a pizza online a month ago. Pizza never showed. Called and they said their computer was down and didn't get any of their online orders. Really?! You run a business and can't get your orders off the computer!

I said cancel my order and refund my $. They said a mgr would call me. He did and said they would refund my credit card charge. Never did. Called again. They said they would get right on it. Still no refund. Now having to dispute it with my credit card company. Always fun.

Recent orders have been undercooked. Bummer. Looking for a new pizza place.
Real New York /New Jersey PIZZA!!!! I love this pizza.
I moved from Philly this past summer and I've searched all over the Valley for a "GOOD" Pizza. After eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, I found Momma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wall vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..It's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the pizza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Philly Steak next, but for the time being I still make mine at home. 
Every pizza place likes to say its "New York Style", but this place really does a NYC pizza. Well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in AZ, Something about the water.
Mamma Mia you are exactly what I have been searching for in AZ!  This style of pizza is exactly the type that I have become accustomed to growing up in MA.  I have been searching the valley for years and I finally found east coast pizza.  Up until the other day Ray's pizza has been the closest I have found, but Mama Mia blows Ray's away, hands down.

   Dough-5 stars
   Sauce-5 stars
   Cheese-5 stars

   My friend has been telling me to try this pizza for a while now and he to is from MA, so he knows my flavor profiles pretty much better than anyone.  And upon my first bite, he was right.  This is exactly the style of pie we grew up with.  I'm kind of disappointed that I don't live closer otherwise I would have a serious Mama Mia's addiction, or maybe that's a good thing :)  I will be back soon!
Wanted to love it, but it was just OK.  Maybe my slices were overcooked.  Will give it one more try.
Definitely check this place out! Great prices!
Not great. $20. for a med. 3 topping pizza that had a crust that was charred black on the bottom. Dominos would have been a better choice. MUCH BETTER!
Bless you and your meatballs w/ cheese bread...oh my gato it was sooooooo good! We have been looking for something different that the old standby pizza delivery places and just happened to stumble upon this place through Grubhub...I'm so happy we did! We also got the medium-spicy chicken wings and they were awesome. Love the addition of actual hot sauce to the recipe. And the crust on the pizza was divine as well, kinda chewy, doughy, and oh so perfect (and even better the next day for cold breakfast pizza!). YUM!
Looking for the perfect pizza for a lazy night in? Mamma Mia is where it's at. A tiny little storefront in a shopping center that reminds you of a traditional slice shot in a big city, you walk-in, grab your pizza and go. The pizza is AMAZING. Not too greasy and the price is just right. We're partial to the cheese, hawaiian and feta/onion/tomato combo. Plus, the slice & soda deal is perfect for a quick fix. We're pizza whores and this is hard to beat for fast, casual pizza to-go. It's been our go-to for years. 

Be sure to scan the local coupon envelopes for deals or check online. Always $3-$5 off online orders.
THIS IS PIZZA! I was raised in Brooklyn NY so I know what good pizza is and in Phoenix this is the only place to go if you want to know what NY Pizza is all about. The Place is small but who cares, it is about the food. 

Slices are big, you have to fold it it eat it and the $3.50 special is more than a steal.

Anyone who does not like the food, just does not know better and never had NY  Style pizza, so ignore any ratings below 5 stars.


Going to get some right now!! LOL
I just had to come back and review this place again because of some of the low ratings, first off I do not understand if you rave about the food you give 3 stars? What is up with that? And if you didn't try the food why bother rating.

Anyway, THIS PEOPLE is what NY Style pizza is all about. For those who complained there are better tasting places, YOU JUST DO NOT HAVE A CLUE!

This is pizza at it's finest, if you do not like it, it is likely you have never been to NYC to actually know what pizza is all about.

The slices are huge and the crust is crispy,just enough cheese and if you order a pie to go, they heat up nice in the oven the next day, very flavorful.

Delivery off their online page has NEVER been a problem.

I live across the street from here and I always hit this place when I can.

The special at $3.50 is a steal for two slices and a medium soda.

The people are great and always smiling and engaging.

The other menu items are tops, (I loved the Stuffed Shells & the Garlic Bread with Cheese)

The Desserts are good also and you have to try them.

When I walk in I feel like I am back in Brooklyn and love seeing the NY Daily News & the NY Post framed on the wall.

I am a Brooklyn raised Puerto Rican who lived on a 3 generation mafia owned pizzeria LOL and let me tell you this place is just as good, so go there and let them make you a offer you can't refuse  ;)
This review is for the subs. We all know the pizza is as good as it gets, but have you tried their subs? Woah! I've had the veal parm and just now INHALED AN ENTIRE MAMMA MIA SPECIAL. Once you order one you'll know what an amazing feat that was.
The veal parmigiana is thin, with a light breading that comes out  super crispy. Covered in sauce and cheese, it is simple and done right.

The mamma mia special is their italian sub with ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomato, and onion. The bread they use ROCKS. Make sure to get it toasted! Crisp on the outside, warm and soft with a slight chew. The perfect amount of meat and toppings - and I love the combo of mayo on the bottom roll, dressing over the top. I've actually watched one of their guys making one, and he treats it like an art piece. Carefully placing the meat just so... it's worth the wait!
A solid NY style pizza spot in the nondescript strip mall across the street from the Vig. It plays to the stereotype well, complete with the obligatory NY/Rat Pack memorabilia on the wall and thick Jersey accents behind the counter.  The pizza is solid but what sets it apart is the economics.  Two slices and a drink for $4 is alright  by my book.
I ordered the Penne a la Mammas, which is a penne and delicious garlic-cream sauce, with mushrooms and roasted red bell peppers. I also added Italian sausage to the order. The order is big enough for 2-3 meals. I really loved this dish, except for one thing (and the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars): the red peppers tasted "off." I don't know exactly how to describe the "off" flavor, as it's been over a month since I was there (wish I'd written my review sooner...) but I simply pulled them out, and enjoyed the rest of it immensely. This is really more of a take-out/delivery place (this location, anyway), so I had it for lunch and dinner with a salad I made at home, and even had a little left over for breakfast the next day. So I'd have to say a pretty good value, too... :)
Hard to find New York pizza that tastes like New York pizza.  All the way from Morristown, NJ, this place is now the only place I order NY style pizza.
Love love love this place.  I am not a "tomato" Italian person.  Someone bought their baked zetti and I hate it only for the sustenance.  I was starving!  It is the only place I will eat a "red sauce" pasta.  Their pizza?  Their Pizza is out of this world!.  It a hidden gem.  I wish them the best of luck in their business.  It's awesome for take out.  If you want to impress friends that you are having over just order from them and put in a nice dish.  Amazing!
The pictures proved to me that this was not true NY pizza. Too much cheese and no oregaeno or orange glistening. They don't have the slices out for you to see, so that makes me believe the slices are individually prepared in the back which is a big negative (hence the low price). Another issue is the spanish that is spoken by the cooks and the front counter person. I want to hear fuggetaboutit when I walk in, not hola como esta. For that, I can head to the ranch market or the local taqueria. Ok all that being said, I ordered a chicken parmisan hero which was pretty good. The cutlets could have been a bit cripier, but there was lots of ,mozzarella cheese and a decent sauce on top of the hero. At 7 bucks it was a decent value, but maybe throw in a drink for a lunch special and that would have been great. No habla english, no bueno pizza.
Recently used a Yelp deal ($7 for $14) here and the food was fantastic.  Two HUGE slices of pepperoni pizza, a delicious meatball sub, and a soda came in at under $14.  The pizza was excellent - a tad bit greasy but nice, crisp crust.  The sub was as good as any I've had back in New England;  very soft, juicy meatballs, toasty bread and a side of shredded lettuce/tomatoes/onions dressed with a vinaigrette for toppings.

My girlfriend and I would certainly come back, Yelp deal or not.  An excellent slice of what we truly miss from back home in Connecticut.
It's overrated sloppy and greasy.
Just ok pizza. Tastes very similar to Peter Piper Pizza. Thinner, tougher style crust with a decent amount of sauce. Hot wings are pretty spicy due to the crushed red pepper. I wouldn't go out of my way to pick it up.
I will never order from chain pizza places again! Mama Mia's is so delicious and never disappoints. Not to mentions very reasonably priced.  They have slices for just a few dollars and such yummy meatballs and cheesy bread.  We always get the pizza slices with basil (simply and tasty) and the side of meatballs. 

We probably go to Mama  Mia's far too often for our waistlines, but we live right down the street, how can we resist? Honestly though, even if it wasn't so close to our place I would go out of my way for their pizza.
I come here at least weekly if not more frequently. Its very consistent and reasonably priced compared to the quantity you get.

Everyone talks about the slices so ill bring up the pasta. Getting the baked ziti with mb today but i usually get the chx alfredo with broccoli added. Its like 3 servings and its delicious fresh as well as reheated. Ive had the ziti and tortellini both are great. I prefer the ziti tho as the sauces get inside the pasta.

Worth a visit if youre in the area and havent tried it yet. PS, the baked ziti was awesome! Id suggest asking for meat sauce if you're a carnivore like me but the marinara can hold its own with some meatballs if you cut em up.
We like to stick with the pizza and wings deal. $16 for a large cheese pizza, wings, and 2L soda. Then add our toppings accordingly, his is pepperoni and mine, pineapple. I love their thin crust pizza and spicy wings!! Their only fault is leaving the ranch or two a few times but their quality makes up for it. 

Also saving a few bucks doesn't hurt because ordering online one can save some money or a yelp deal. Definitely one of my favorite pizza places.
Tried this pizza on New Year's Eve, couldn't find a babysitter for our two year old so we got delivery.  I ordered online and specified 8:00 PM delivery, and the pizza arrived at 8:04PM, which I thought was pretty impressive.  And it might be the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce was fantastic, the crust was a thing of beauty, and I put capers on there which I have never had the option of doing before.  In fact, the topping options were amazing.  I would like to try it in the restaurant to get the effect of eating it piping hot out of the oven, but even warm out of the delivery bag it was absolutely delicious.  Don't need to get pizza from anywhere else, I'm hooked!
Great pizza.  Environment nothing to write home about, yet did I mention Great Pizza!
Great pizza and great lunch spot. Not very much seating be prepared to eat in your car.
i love this place its my fave to go lucnh pizza spot great  lunch special. and the food is always fresh i love the condiments the basil and oregano is amazing.
I ordered the pizza and wings deal for $16 plus added my choice of toppings online and within 30 minutes, I had the order at my office. It was delicious and definitely worth of the accolade of "Best Pizza in the Valley". This is by far my favorite place for pizza in town. The wings were almost as good as the pizza too.
I was looking for some pizza outside the corporate brands and found this place on yelp. I tried it out a few months ago and have been coming back ever since. I come here at least once or twice a week for their $3.50 two slice and small drink special. Toppings are an extra .50 each and I always add the italian sausage. The slices are pretty large are enough to fill me up. I have had the italian salad a few times as well and again, very large portion. I would make it a 5 if the women at the front were a little friendlier. They dont seem happy to be there.
I have gotten Mamma Mia several times since my last review (including some pizzas from the 8th st location that I believe is closed now). I have to say, it has not impressed me lately like it used to. It is much more like a generic pizza, nothing too special about it. Also, they changed the tiramisu!!! When I ordered it and got their new version, I was really disappointed. It was much larger, but not nearly as flavorful. Anyway, I will still get the occasional pizza here, but it is no longer my go to place.
AMAZING! i love this place, i've bragged about to a couple of friends and when they try they love it just as much as i do. it's not only cheap but also delicious!!! 

i'm not a big fan of their wings or calzones but the pizza is seriously great. if you're affraid to try anything new just stick to the pizza you can never go wrong with that!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Mamma's before now.  Good pizza. Good pasta. Good value, and now that I'm thinking about it - I'm hOngry!  They've also been decent enough to honor the residual value on my long, LONG  expired coupon deals.  The pizza is good - really good.  Might not strike one as "gourmet" but there are enough varieties and variations to satisfy any rational person, and for a tiny walk-up counter, they offer an amazing variety of pastas and subs as well.  Pizza, baked ziti, manicotti - all very good, and the pastas under $10.  

The 40th Street and East Indian School location has a tiny indoor dining area - seating for 6 - maybe?  And a few 2-seat patio tables out front which are not unpleasant on a moderate night.  This location gives impression of being much cleaner and brighter than the defunct 8th Street location which was much more convenient for mid-towners to get to and still had good food at great prices, but had a decidedly divey vibe.  "Divey" can have be its own charm but I don't miss the dozens of dead flies on the windowsills at the closed location - and this one happily doesn't have those!  

Mamma's  is good - worth the occasional detour to 40th Street even if it's not on your regular flight path home or wherever.
Great local place for a delicious slice!   Mamma's  pizza will never let you down.    You can order a pie or get it by the slice and customize it how you like it.  Simply the best!   So much better than chain pizza places - definitely worth it to hit up Mamma Mia's when you are craving a good pizza.   Enjoy!
Been coming here for many years as I only live a couple blocks away. This is a great place to get a couple slices of pizza for just a few bucks. Service has always been fast and friendly, and the pizza is one of the better ones in the valley despite being inexpensive. Same employees have been working there for as long as I have been going there. Not much seating, but it's not that kind of place really. I always get my food to go. The only drawback is that it is literally hot as hell inside the place which is fine in winter but not so much in summer.
While visiting Phoenix I was craving a good pizza...and being from buffalo wanted a REAL pizzeria style pizza. And I found it. It was excellent. I had one half just cheese and the other half kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes and fresh basil. It was a great pizza. However, the service and delivery were terrible. It took over an hour for the delivery and I even called the place to make sure everything was good to go since I ordered online. The woman on the phone was very nice and assured me the driver left. Shortly after, the delivery man came storming to the apartment saying he couldn't find it and that next time I should tell them a building number...there are no building numbers and I gave him the apartment number so I didn't feel he needed to say that. Also, I ordered online which was extremely convenient and easy but maybe next time I will give step by step directions on how to read numbers on an apartment door...
I try not to eat pizza too often, but when I do, Mamma Mia is my go-to place to get it from.  Whether you're hanging solo and stop by for a slice or you're ordering for a larger group, you're in good hands at MM.  They've has always exceeded my expectations.

I've had their subs and salad and you can't go wrong with either of those, but their pizza is the real deal!  I love that we live in the delivery zone.  Prices are moderate, they offer a variety of toppings, and everything is always fresh.

My son loves their meatballs too... 

Bon appetit!
It's now been almost 2 years since I discovered Mamma Mias...when we moved to the neighborhood.  Still my favorite regular pizza place.  Cheese pizza with mushrooms, olives, and, if I 'm feeling wild, corn.  Surprisingly yummy.
Meh

Very light on the cheese not much flavor and their "cheese" does not stretch at all(NYers know what I mean)  If this is "NY pizza" it's bellow average NY pizza. 

I've been here two times and both times the bottom of the slice was burnt . Venizias in Tempe does a much better job with the sauce and cheese and overall flavor 

The price however is amazing. 1.75 a slice makes it a great value. I may come here if I'm broke in between pay checks. 

Only reason to come here is the price because the pizza is just something too eat.
Good place for take out but to small to dine in. Vegetarian pizza is really really good. This place had another Restaurant on 7th st but shut down so now we have to drive to 40th st when we want good pizza. It's worth the drive for sure.
I had an Entertainment Book coupon for a buy 1 get 1 free pizza. Score! I ordered a 16" veggie & a 16" Mamamia supreme all for $23. The slices were huge! The veggies were fresh! And everything else was just delicious. I can't wait to go back. I'm just sad I have no more coupons :(. I definitely suggest coming here.
My roommates go crazy over this pizza.  Maybe because they always eat it when they're hungover. I don't get it. No fresh ingredients. Nothing I hate more than canned vegetables on my pizza. BYE.
low carb dieting is awesome. 

aaaaaand it sucks. 

here's the deal-i love meat and dairy items, but i also love bread, so being deprived of it is the pits.  when i heard mamma mia's had a low carb pizza (uh, 10 carbs for the whole thing? what?) i just about flipped my lid.  i still feel like they're somehow lying because i don't understand how that's even possible, but whatever, i'm not pushing it.

i first found out about this pizza two or so months ago, but like an idiot, totally forgot and never got around to ordering it.  fast forward to tonight when i was feeling cranky, tired, and in need of a pizza fix. bam!  mamma mia's low carb pizza is a thing i can have for dinner! and i can have it delivered to my lazy ass! 

i chose to get it with garlic, fresh basil, pepperoni, and black olives-and boy did it not disappoint! the crust isn't your typical pizza crust, but more of a tortilla-like situation.  i would say it's more comparable to a thin crust pizza except not as crispy.  no, it doesn't have all that doughy-breadness you're used to, but for a low carb pizza, it's pretty freakin' awesome.  since the crust is so thin, it doesn't hold up super well when you try to handle a slice, but i was able to fold it in half and still enjoy it.  

if you're low carbin' it up and missing pizza, check out mamma mia's! i wish more people had awesome options like them!
If you like NY Pizza this is the place to go!
Hole in the wall pizza places are the best. No where to sit but it was nice outside. 
Mushroom and sausage pizza was awesome. Fresh ingredients. Thin sliced. Wonderful pizza. Crust was good but I've had better so 4 stars.
This is our go to delivery pizza. They always say it will take 45 minutes, but they are here in 30 and sometimes under. We live very close but other places haven't delivered as fast as these guys.

We usually end up ordering on Sundays when we are to lazy to cook and we always order the same thing. They are nothing but consistent and good from the pizza to the wings. I have had other pizza around the valley but none this good...just genuinely good pizza and service (and ranch dressing!)
So I called Mamma Mia and asked about getting two large cheese pizzas and a cannoli for delivery to SkyPark and the youngish woman who answered my call to Momma Mia said that they won't deliver to SkyPark (literally across the parking lot) anymore so I needed to walk over and get my own pizzas, and also that because I had called the pizza place directly (and not had a SkyPark employee call in my order) they had to charge me a higher price for the pizzas!  WTF?!  

Extremely annoyed I turned to the SkyPark employee, while still on the phone with the pizza place, and asked him why he didn't call in the order for me since I had to pay a higher price if I called them, and he just shrugged his shoulders, clearly unsure what to tell me.  

So after a few minutes I walked over to Mamma Mia where I explain I am there for the pizzas that I called in and I ask why I had to pay a higher price when the SkyPark staff were the ones to instruct me to call them directly, and the cashier immediately starts to go into this great rant about how SkyPark owes them money and they won't deliver pizzas to them anymore and blah, blah, blah...I couldn't believe it.  Mortified was the only emotion I felt.  

So I paid for my pizzas, checked in on Yelp, got my food and left.  It is worth noting that the pizza was good (flavorful, cheesy and hot) and I got the cannoli free for checking in on Yelp, but yeah, the general attitude from them sucked!  I'm never going back.  


There is never a reason to share dirty business laundry with your customers like that, it's very unprofessional!
This place was pretty good, I liked the pizza and the desserts were great. I just wish there was more inside seating. It was very cold outside when my husband and I were there.
The sub was good. Not like new york good, but the best I've had in Phoenix so far. They are a good location if your looking for something good to eat, but not too expensive.
Pathetic business practice... I called to order pizzas for my business and I am located at the 51 and indian school... Since I am on the west side of the 51 she said nope we don't deliver lol really I am literally 50 feet from freeway on indian school but yet still a no.. to bad with the economy the way it is you think she would of said ya no prob and gained a new customer.. oh well there loss not mine..
Mamma Mia's has been around for a good while.  And with four stars over 157 reviews - that's a pretty solid number.  Hence, my degree of dissatisfaction is more a reflection of my disappointment that my experience should have been better than it was.

They have an extensive menu with lots of options.  All I really wanted was the standard pizza and wings, delivered.  There are so many options for this in my neighborhood, that you would think competition would be fierce.  Well maybe not so.  Anyway, I opted for the standard in my house, a small pizza with a dozen wings.  I added a couple of items, like pepperoni, black olives and extra cheese.  I ordered the wings hot.  It took a while for delivery, but it finally got here.  It was Halloween night, so that's understandable.

What's not understandable is the burnt pizza that was delivered.  Oh, the toppings were fine, in fact, quite tasty, but offset by the charcoal-burnt taste of the blackened bottom of the crust, it kinda overpowered the entire flavor of the pizza.  The wings were quite hot and tasty and I would order them again - probably the only place in my neighborhood that understands what hot means.  Alas, again, the burnt pizza.  Here is my problem with that.  You know this pizza is going out for delivery.  You know it is burnt.  If you don't then you should fire the cook.  You assume that once the pizza is delivered, an hour after ordering, the customer is prolly not going to complain and insist you cook and deliver another.  You are right about that.  8:30 at night, I'm starved and no, I'm not gonna wait another hour for you to fix this.  YOU should have known the pizza was bad going out the door and YOU should not have let that happen.

That was the good part of this experience.  Now for the bad.  When I placed my order, and I looked at my receipt, I found these additional charges:  $3.00 delivery charge.  $1.50 "transaction fee".  3.5% Merchant Processing fee.  And then of, course, your driver is expecting me to tip him?  So, around TEN dollars just for the luxury of ordering a burnt pizza.

-1 star for "delivery charge"
-1 star for "transaction fee"
-1 star for "merchant processing fee"

-5 stars for either not knowing you're sending out a burnt pizza, or for knowing it and sending it anyway.

Sorry, Mamma Mia, maybe a bad night for you, but it cost me $28
If you're sitting around browsing yelp on your phone and think you're just going to give these guys a call to have them bring you a little something... DON'T DO IT!!!

Stop right now and go to their actual website to get the real prices since they're almost twice what is list in the in the yelp app. Second, be aware that I ended up paying an additional 5 dollars on my order to use a credit card after they tacked on some fees for credit processing. If you were wondering, that practice used to be disallowed by the Credit card companies, but they recently changed policy.

The lady rushed us through our order and didn't verify what we wanted. We ended up with a huge regular pizza at our door instead of the gluten free pizza we had wanted. She didn't give us our total over the phone and she failed to mention all the extra fees which added up to $ 7 after the deliver fee.  

Fees were roughly 20% of our bill just to have some pizza delivered that wasn't even what we wanted and came out to twice the expected price of our total order.That's something that should have been communicated to me before there's a guy standing at my door wanting to get paid.

If Mamma Mia wants to stay in business, they need to be much more honest in their business practices.
Lots of people ordering the two slice with salad and drink for $3.50.  I opted for a sandwich.  I tried the philly.  I am not a fan.  Meat was chewy and bread wasn't anything exciting.
This place is damn good. They used to have a pastrami sandwich that was to die for, but it is no longer available. Saddened I got a cheesesteak that was one of the best in memory. SOLID.

I've never had the pizza so can't speak to that, but the sandwiches are proper.

Note that there are very few places to sit. You order at the counter. No table service or anything.

Enjoy.
Finally changing my review. From 4 stars to 2 stars. And I'd prefer 1.5 stars. 

Nevertheless, I must first tell you that their pizza is delicious.  And they have a low-carb pizza (under 10 carbs for a 12 inch pizza? awesome!).  DELICIOUS!  Seriously good pizza.   

Why then only 2 stars?  Seriously terrible service.  Unfortunately, my love of their pizza is actually negated by the terrible, terrible lack of quality service.   And here's a little tidbit to set your expectations - the customer is NEVER right here.  Let me count the ways that frustrate me endlessly here.   1) Time - it took 1 hour and 45 minutes (and 2 phone calls in which I was "assured" it was already en route) to get pizza delivered last time.  The time before, it was 55 minutes. It's never been less than an hour and  I live less than 4 blocks from here. *sigh*  2) Prices and Billing - every time we have ordered from them, our bill has been messed up.  We've been overcharged on multiple occasions.  Also their prices on Yelp are totally incorrect, so be sure to check their website AND confirm prices with them directly before you place an order ($1.99 cannoli listed online is actually $3.99 or 4.99!?)  3) Fees, fees, fees!   They charge extra fees for using a credit and some additional taxes?  I don't even understand, but my receipt had about 3 or 4 extra "fees" billed.  WEIRD.  4) Messing up orders -  they have NEVER gotten my order correct in the half a dozen times I've ordered from them.  NEVER.  and when I ask or call about it, they tell me that I ordered wrong  (both over the phone and online).  Last time I ordered from here (11/13), one of the women who worked here made me read the email confirmation to her and argued with me that I ordered wrong.  I ordered a sausage & pepperoni pizza with tomatoes & peppers.  I got a pizza with half pepperoni, no sausage, and half had tomatoes & peppers.  Not quite there Mamma Mia. But they did charge me for the additional toppings, even though they didn't get it right!  As the staff member was telling me I didn't know how to use a computer or order properly, I pointed out that there was in fact, no sausage on my pizza at all, and that the order indeed said sausage, she still didn't apologize or just admit it was wrong! UGH!!  After waiting 1 hr and 45 min for the wrong order, I was ticked off. Not cool!  At least apologize for the wait and getting it wrong, a small discount off a future order would have been appropriate in this circumstance too.  5) Terrible customer service in general.  The woman I spoke with a few times always sounds annoyed when you call to place an order, and don't even think about asking a question b/c good luck with that.  After errors in billing, long delays in delivery, misinformation about delivery time (they said 30 min, it has never been under an hour), and messing up the actual orders they will never just apologize or say they got wrong.  Unbelievable!     

The worst part - this could be 1) my favorite pizza place, especially since it's just around the corner from my house  and 2) probably one of the top pizza places in the entire Valley.... but just have ZERO expectations when it comes to service.   

To successfully order from Mamma Mia's, here's what my boyfriend and I have decided (seriously, we do still like their pizza):   
-order pizza at least 1.5 - 2 hours before you want it 
-order online and then call to review the confirmation by phone immediately after (also print and bring your confirmation with you)
-order for pick-up only (NO DELIVERY!)
-pay only in cash, never credit card --- and only pay after carefully reviewing your receipt 
-double-check your order while you are in the store to ensure it is correct 

If you follow Steps 1 - 5 correctly, then you will be rewarded the delicious, delicious prize of a wonderful PIZZA!!  and after all that work, you earned it!
So, the owner felt bad about my bad experience and sent me a gift card to make up for it.  Major Kudos for that - Clearly Mamma-Mia's cares about their customers and their experience in the restaurant.  

I sure wish I could give a better review, but you know, maybe Mamma Mia's is just not my style.  Using the gift card, this time I called in an order, got a large pepperoni and black olive pizza and a dozen wings, medium.  The pizza was ready in about 20 minutes, and I drove down and picked it up.  This way I saved the transaction fees that I paid before.  The pizza was hot and perfectly cooked.  It was a large disk of pie, about 18" which is a great value for the price.  I wasn't overwhelmed with the flavor, it was pretty standard, just enough cheese, sauce and toppings on a thin and chewy crust, the crust was actually pretty good.  We did scarf all the pizza.

The wings experience is a little like the three bears story.  The first time I ordered them hot and they were molten-hot. This time I thought maybe dial the heat back a bit, so I ordered them medium.  They were not spicy-hot at all.  To be fair, I like really spicy, so next time I'll stick with the hot.  If you are somebody that cannot take the heat, medium is definitely what you want.

There were no leftovers, the pizza was gone, and the remaining wings got deboned and added to a salad for lunch - very tasty addition.

I very much appreciate the excellent customer service, and the timing on the meal, it was above and beyond.  I'm just thinking that maybe their pizza is just not for me.
Ordered the veggie pizza in person and cashed in on the free dessert (cheese cake for me!) from Yelp.  Price was as noted on the overhead menu but, then again, I didn't order over the phone or use delivery as others who have been charged fees have noted.  Also, no additional fee was charged for using a credit card.  Pizza was tasty, even after getting it home.  Have had slices for lunch there before and also been satisfied.  AND, they are Yankee fans!
It's really simple. Great pizza, terrible/rude service. If you care a lot about good service, don't go here. If you don't care, then go here. I order here every once-in-awhile just because the pizza is good, but delivery times are always about an hour, which is really long.
Shitty customer service, worst ever.
Have missed NJ/NY pizza since I moved out west 24years ago. I have struck gold with Mama Mia's and found my my fav pizza again!  Ahhhh! Love it!
simply put: if you are from NY/NJ, this is the place. go here. this pizza is by far the closest thing to what i grew up on back in jersey, and my family all agree. sadly the location closer to me has closed, but this one is still not far. pies, wings, subs, pasta, everything we have gotten here has been great.
I came here with a friend after doing a quick search on yelp for low-carb friendly options at restaurants. I was excited to try their version of low-carb pizza because it's often really hard to come up with different dishes besides a burger wrapped in lettuce when dining out. 

There is ample parking and five or six patio tables sitting out front. The place is super small inside (I can't remember if any tables are actually inside) and you walk up and order your pizza at the counter. I ordered the low-carb version and added my own toppings of chicken, tomato and black olives. My friend had the regular pizza deal with two slices and drink for around $4. Way cheap! Mine was closer to $10.

When the pizza arrived the presentation wasn't the greatest since a bunch of paper plates were stapled together to hold the huge pizza but it did look good! My friends cheese pizza didn't look overly great but she said it was really good. My low carb dough really looked more like a big whole wheat tortilla. I was hoping for more of a super thin crust variety but this worked too and it was satisfying since it resembled regular food. The toppings were restaurant quality and was better than something I would make at home. 

All in all, I would come back here but I would make sure its warm outside and if I was still doing the low-carb diet. If I was looking for a pizza place with some more atmosphere and table service, I'd probably go somewhere else.
best pizza around- coming from a guy who grew up in NJ- i know what i'm talking about.
While the pizza here is amazing I must say that the telephone staff are some of the rudest ladies I've ever had the displeasure of ordering from.  Although my home is clearly with in the boundaries of their delivery scope - on several occasions I have been denied delivery to my home.   The telephone operator rudely told me "oh well we only deliver there if we're not busy" - they must be very very very busy at every possible day and night.  Since those experiences I have called to then make a pick up orders instead and the ladies are still rude, curt and obviously perturbed that I have disrupted their day.  I have attempted to order online to pick up instead of talking to these nasty people - unfortunately the online order doesn't allow cash as an option for payment - so I still had to call the store where I was spoken to in a manner that suggested I was an idiot.  I love Phoenix and local business - I am one myself - however Mama Mia's may not be a business I can support any longer.  :(
Good, consistent, New York style pizza. Good customer service.
I decided to try this place out because I was wanting some great New York style pizza. This one star is for their absolutely horrible customer service. I consider myself very patient when it comes to restaurants since I worked as a server forever and know how difficult some people can be but this was unacceptable. So bad in fact, that I had the delivery guy keep the pizza and just called to get a refund. 

I placed my order for delivery and I live in a new apartment complex that is gated. The delivery guy called me to ask my apartment number because I forgot to put it on the online order which was my fault and he seemed really annoyed. I apologized and gave him the apartment number and figured maybe he was just having rough day. 

He gets to the complex and  calls me again because he can't figure out how to get in. While I'm trying to explain he is proceeds to lecture me and treat me like a 5 year old child  as if it is my fault he cannot find the front entrance. He was so rude I told him to forget it and that I didn't want the pizza. When I called to get my refund the girl who answered was also rude she didn't so much as ask why I wanted a refund or what happened she took my name told me it was done and hung up. I will never even attempt to try this place again.
Ok, from the beginning. Parm sub was good. Jalapeno poppers were good. Cannoli looked good, except that when I picked it up... A good size black hair. I attempted to pluck it off and salvage the cannoli only to find that it literally went from end to end, and then double backed to complete the trip again, all while being actually baked into the pastry shell. So, I know this can happen, and am not going to be super harsh, but if I go back, I will be carefully inspecting my meal.
We ordered online and saved $5!  The meatball pizza and naked wings were good and was the perfect Friday night dinner on the patio.
We love mama mia's pizza. LOVE it. It's just unfortunate that they can't figure out whether they deliver to is. We have ordered at least six times (we've only been here for two months) and we either a) get a delicious pizza and antipasto salad in minimal time, b) get the pizza and get told we're lucky to get a pizza delivered. I literally asked him, "should I order from someone else?" Or c) take our chances by attempting to order, only to be told, "nope. Sorry. We don't deliver to your area."  So sad. I would love to stay local, but I am done "hoping" to get pizza.
Called for pickup.  Our order was hot and ready.  Pizza crust is awesome, wings are addictive!   Pizza+wing special is worth it!
This place is not a sit down place. It's a place where you get a slice or slices of pizza on a paper plate. Just FYI. 

I went to this place because they have a low-carb pizza, only 10 net grams of carbs they say. So I tried that it was pretty good, very thin but very good. Also the price is pretty good too.
Decent pizza. However quality has been inconsistent as of late. Crust is typically a bit over cooked, When ordering online I usually have to wait at least 10 minutes past stated pickup time. Twice, toppings that were paid for were left off pizza. Aside from those issue it's not bad.
used to be better.
This is the real deal and no wonder why they have won every award from every news organization.
I normally like my pizza loaded with everything, probably because the pizza itself was lacking in flavor.
Not here.
Just the cheese pizza hits every taste bud I've got.  Great dough, perfect sauce and quality cheese cooked just right....MMMMMMMMM.  AND, a couple slices of this perfectly crafted pie for less than $4.
I have a hard time passing this intersection without stopping.   Not a whole lot of seating, but who cares? I would happily sit on the 1,000 degree asphalt with mouth fulls of this pizza.
A family favorite!!
Ignores phone calls to confirm order, took money and never delivered. NEVER ORDER ONLINE EVER. 

Placed order online, called to confirm or to check on order. NOTHING! So many good places in Arcadia, go to Rosati's or somewhere else. Forget this place.
I will never order from this place again!!!  I placed an online order at 3:50PM and received an email confirmation that it would be ready at 4:20PM.  I call at 4:50 to find out where my pizza is and am told by the guy who picks up that they never received my order and that there online order system is down and they have no cooks in the kitchen to make full pizza orders but they are still serving slices.  I ask him whether my card will be charged since the system is down.  He says no.  Immediately I check my account online and sure enough there is pending transaction for $23.69.  So I guess they're system wasn't down after all.  More likely they forgot to make my order and instead of simply apologizing and offering to make the order now, the guy lies to me and tells me their system is down and they don't have cooks in the kitchen but they're open for business and still serving slices of pizza, just not full pizza orders.  Which doesn't make any sense at all because either he's lying about not having any cooks in the kitchen or they're serving people frozen re-heated slices of pizza and calling it fresh.  Either way, thank goodness for bank charge backs.  I had the transaction reversed within minutes when I contacted my bank.  Mama Mia pizza has lost a customer for life.

UPDATE:  The owner called me back to apologize almost an hour later and offered to make me my pizza.  I've revised my rating to 3 stars because they do have good pizza.  But don't ever order online.  This place can't handle online orders and this is not the first time I've had problems ordering online with them.  Personally, I don't think I'll be going back.
Best fast food style pizza in Phoenix, for sure! 

So tasty and good! 

Love the lunch special for 2 slices and a soda!
I ate lunch here twice.. pizza is really good, delicious sauce, fresh cheese. Nice thin crust NY style pizza. I will be back again just for the taste of that pizza!
I took my son here for lunch, normally he likes to stick to the franchises of Pizza Hut or Papa John's but we op'd for something new today and we were VERY happy that we did.

The prices were fair and the food was hot.

We both enjoyed it very much. Took away a star because it was SO freakin' hot inside, guess you can't really expect it to be nice and cold in a pizzeria that's so small but still, would've made dining in a bit more enjoyable.
I can't live without pizza. Mamma Mia's is the best/cheapest pizza in the valley hands down. Therefore, I owe them more than they will ever know.
Oh, heaven have mercy, why have I waited so long!

This location of Jimmy John's opened up pretty recently (of course, to my addled brain 'recently' can mean about 5 years ago, but I'm sure this has been within the last year) and I'm pretty bummed I hadn't made the short trip there yet to get one of their yummy sandwiches.

Now, I like sandwiches as much as the next guy (unless you're Joey from Friends - it doesn't go THAT far) but I'm not a big fan of Subway or Port of Subs and the like.  Their meats are grody to me, frankly.  Their breads are never as fresh as I hope they would be, and frankly I'm a little scared of anyone with "Sandwich Artist" embroidered on their shirt.  Jimmy John's has none of this stuff.

I gad a turkey club on seven grain wheat bread.  The bread was cut into big, thick slices that were soft and fresh and tasty.  The turkey didn't look sickly or have a thin coating of goo like the other places have, the lettuce and tomato were both colorful and fresh tasting, and the bacon was thick sliced and generous.  I got a bag of BBQ chips that were also thick cut and yummers and a soda and was out of there for under $9.   

As a bonus, this location is in a strip mall where the suites have two levels, and all the seating is upstairs in a cute little dining area with awesome red lamps.
I came here about an hour before they closed which is at 11 p.m. on weekdays.  The workers were very friendly.  The #5 Vito is a tasty sandwich that can fill me up.  Not a really hungry guy though.  Same goes with the #9 Italian Night Club which was also delicious.  I've even had the Vegetarian Sandwich on whole grain wheat.  I really loved this sandwich because I love veggies.  Nice little place.  Cleaner than my other favorite place, Capriotti's which is across the street from this location.  Friendly staff though made the difference.
Jimmy John, along with High Roller Deli (not on Yelp) are probably the best 2 sandwich places to go in Las Vegas. Of course, I am referring to on the cheap and not places like Carnegie Deli inside the Mirage. 

Service is fast (very fast) and the quality is high. I am a new customer and have only tried two sandwiches at the moment. Club Lulu and the "Night something or other." Sorry the name eludes me. I highly recommend trying this sandwich shop out over Subways, over Quiznos and any of the others out there.

I am actually thinking about opening one of these up, not only here in Las Vegas, but out in Orange County when they are ready to do so. Looking for investors. :-)
Had the Gargantuan, awesome sandwich!  Filled with all your favorite Italian cold cuts, cheese, mayo, lettuce.   Bread was soft and toasty, perfect!  The workers at the front were friendly, but not annoying.  My only complaints are not having healthier alternatives to chips and the fact I shelled out $11 for the sandwich, drink, and chips.
The best sandwhich per dollar spent near the UNLV campus by far. 

I've had every sandwich offered at Jimmy John's, my personal choice is the JJ gargantuan, but I'm a big guy and I like everyone it.

The only drawback this place has is their potato chips. But then again if I'm going to get real mayo on my sandwich I probably shouldn't be eating potato chips as well.
I would like to thank my addiction to comic books for another addiction.. Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches.. but as the ad states clearly, they're not really Gourmet sandwiches, they're damn tasty sandwiches.. and let's leave it at that. 

I needed my comic book fix on a Wednesday afternoon and well, I found a shop about two stores down from this location. After getting my weekly issues, I was allured by the sign saying that the smells were free and sure enough, those smells were something i would pay for if I had to. 

The sandwich prices were really cheap. Who needs some silly Subway when you have a place like this? Workers were pretty helpful and I'm glad I didn't have to deal with a Sandwich artist, as true art is very subjective on being enjoyed by all. 

My first sandwich here was a Turkey Tom. Maybe I was just trying to cleanse my system from all the drinking with some healthy protein, but this sucker was delicious. While some may not like sprouts, I think they're the forgotten green. Be them a micro one.  

Their Vito was also really good. Them Italian subs, now that there is a spicy genoa salami sandwich with capicola and provolone and hot peppers! 

Their house brand chips were also pretty damn tasty considering I'm not much of a chipper lover. I think I'm hooked after this first taste to sandwiches here. A shame since I'm a state away.
So i will say I'm not a big fan of the Bacon at JJ's. However, i will say this The one on Maryland has Free Wifi, and now does 10 subs get the 11th free. So ti is the greatest place ever!
what more can i say, but that this has to be one of the best sandwiches i ever ate. i had the Turkey Tom and my friend had the Pepe. i dont know if it was the hangover talking, but i devoured that sandwich as if it was heaven on a plate. the ingredients are fresh and simple. no massive menu to have you standing there for days as the customers behind you tap there feet. just a few good items and you're golden. the wait staff is friendly, prices are reasonable, seriously what more can you ask for? in a city known for their buffets and fine dining, this will definitely be a regular pit stop when i come to Vegas.
Love the roll, meat us very good, and you can add oil, vinegar, spices etc. However, for the love of god will you PLEASE get regular dill pickle chips for the sandwiches.  I know you can get a whole kosher pickle, but I like the dark green dills!  The hunter club and the porker are my favs.
Yeah, I'm not a fan. Please don't hurt me!! 2 stars because the interior is cool. 

I have had it twice, and both times I was not impressed. First time I got the Italian sub. To me, the bread is too overwhelming, the mayonnaise has the consistency of some certain bodily fluids, and the meat... where's the meat? 

Second time I got a vegetarian sandwich (couldn't skimp out on the meat this time!!!!) So I got the same abundance of bread and mayonnaise... and no Avocado as promised! What the heck?? 

Maybe I am ordering the wrong thing, but I don't want to return to get the right thing.
A sandwich shop near a University?  Thats about as novel as a Starbucks in an airport terminal. The UNLV adjacent area is littered with the usual suspects but they also have Mid West staple Jimmy John's throwing their hat into the ring.  While it diversifies the sandwich portfolio, I dont necessarily think it strengthens it.  Thats not to say you cant get a satisfying meal here...

Located in a small strip mall across from the campus, Jimmy John's has a fresh, clean aesthetic and cheerful college kids that keep the place humming.  The roster of sandwiches isnt overwhelming yet most people can find something that suits their tastes.  Ingredients are fresh and simple, yet nothing really wows you.  There are some more novel items like sprouts and 7 grain bread that can be added as accoutrement which is nice if you're looking for a different taste than most chains.  

I find myself at Jimmy Johns from time to time because of its convenience and because I can get a fairly healthy meal there.  When I go, I like the Veggie, Italian and California sandwiches.  None of them will knock your socks off, but you'll still leave in a good mood.....that is if your not starving when you get there.  My one major complaint is the size of the sandwiches and the amount of meat they put in them.  While not expensive (5 to 6 dollar range) they are smaller than I would like.  Im not asking for Cheesecake Factory portions here, but a little girth would be nice.  Maybe its my inner fatboy complaining, but usually my inner fatboy doesn't lie on these matters.  You're from the Mid West Jimmy!  Appetites are hearty there, make your sandwiches reflect that!

Overall a decent, if unspectacular place to grab a quick bite.  I'll be back I'm sure..just like I'm back at those dang Starbucks counters at the airport.  Ubiquity has gotten the best of me!!!!
Jimmy John's is one of my favorite places around UNLV to grab some food.  They rank on the top of my "fast food sandwich" category, way above Subway, Quizno's, Togo's, or any other mediocre sandwich place.  Their sandwiches are around $5 for an 8" sandwich, which is a great price for a good sandwich.  The service is extremely fast, and the service is friendly, which always makes it easier to come back.  

The sandwiches are what really bring me back, though.  My favorite sandwich is The Vito.  The Vito is a classic Italian grinder, and is one of the most popular things at Jimmy Johns.  I always get the hot peppers, too, which makes the sandwich that much better.  I also really like the BLT, and the Roast Beef and Provolone.  I can't remember what these are called, but the menu's not too confusing to figure out.  

The sandwiches are all made to order, and come out VERY fast.  Usually your sandwich is done by the time you finish getting your fountain drink.  Which brings up another great thing about Jimmy Johns, their fountain drinks.  I usually don't mention fountain drinks as being great, but they have Cherry Coke.  I always like to give props to any restaurant that has Cherry Coke, as it is a rarity, yet is one of the best sodas on the market.  

Definitely go to Jimmy Johns if you love sandwiches, you will love it!
Went here for lunch the other day and got the #5 Vito sandwich, which is basically an Italian club sandwich. It was pretty good and super quick.
if you are serious about eating a sandwich, you go to a real deli. just like if you're serious about eating mexican food, you don't hit up taco bell. as far as chain sandwich places goes, i think it ranks high. but it is still not anything special by any means.
These are tasty and satisfying sub sandwiches. I work in LV every week and take a cab to my office. There are zero food places by my office and this place delivers. The sandwiches are always tasty and they deliver fast. 

I usually get the regular Italian sub with hot peppers. Super yummy. 

great place for a quality sandwich. I will be ordering a delivering next Wednesday.
Everyone loves this place.... Except for me. 

I've ventured to JJ's the past three weeks to meow down on a sandwich before my long night class. All 3 times I've arrived at this location, there are 4+ people working behind the counter but it takes a while to get acknowledged to take an order. Whatever, it's all good, I'm in no hurry. But what really put me off during my last visit was a manager taking a few minutes to berate an employee for ringing up a previous order incorrectly. It was strange and very unwelcoming. 

As for the important part (the grub), I have to say the menu is a bit confusing and doesn't cater to my personal tastes at all. I enjoy a sandwich with quality meat and lots of veggies. While I like the bread at JJ's,  I find the turkey cheap and and the veggie selection/quality sad. :-( The sandwiches I've tried (Turkey Tom and something else with a beachy name) lacked any zest or flavor. I got guacamole on a sub once and it was the same stuff Taco Bell uses. I do enjoy the sprouts and salt & vinegar chips, though.

I'm going to give this location 3 stars because it's a great place to kill time in between classes. It's also reasonably priced, clean, and quick. I think I need to take an experienced Jimmy Johner with me to tell me what's good.
One Mississipi....
Two Mississipi....
Three Mississipi........Holy $H!T they're here already!
Whether you are getting it delivered or ordering in store Jimmy John's is the fastest gun in the West.
Insanely efficient and incredibly delicious. Jimmy John's never disappoints with the food or service, and prices on par with the major chains.
If you are a fan of the toasted sub (as I am) next time you are considering Quiznos, or Port of Subs, skip it and hit up Jimmy John's, especially if you are in a hurry!
I still give the crown to Capriotti's for Chain Sandwich shop, but Jimmy John's is definitely a close second.
I recommend the Big John extra toasted (for the carnivore) or The Beach Club (if you like something lighter).
Moderately priced, decent sandwiches are found here. A few blocks away from UNLV, I'd rather walk here than wait forever at the Subway at the Union. I love their whole grain bread option because it has nice texture and taste. They do have a heavy hand using mayo, so if you're mayophobic, just tell them easy or no on the mayo. Service is incredibly quick and efficient, as it should. It's only sandwiches, not foie gras.
good workers, good quality food. Kind of bored of their vegetarian selection but i like the fact that their delivery is super fast and their minimum order isn't so dang high like other places.
We visited Vegas last week and we ate here 4 times -__-.
We live in LA and since my husband is from Chicago, this is his staple.
He LOVES JJ's and I do too! we take advantage every time we visit, he usually gets the Gargantuan and I get the Beach club on wheat! I FREAKEN LOVE THE BREAD!! the staff is pretty nice too, I asked for day old bread and they gave me 2 for free!! I'll see you soon!!
I was not a fan if the bread because it made my mouth sore all over. They're really skimpy on the deli meats - really disappointing seeing that it was supposed to come with 3 meats but I could only taste a HINT of salami.  I don't even like Subway that much but I think they are way better (and quicker too) .. It felt ironic that they take pride in speed yet it took almost 10 mins for an untoasted sandwich lol in fact 2 people who ordered after me got their sandwiches first so I was probably forgotten.
I freaking LOVE jimmy johns!!!  When I used to live out in Ohio, this was our late night pit stop for food!  Having moved back home to Cali, I had been Jimmy John's deprived.  That is, until I went to Vegas for my bday and my cousin told me that there was a Jimmy John's!!!  Needless to say, I would've eaten all my meals here if I could have but I had to accommodate the other people in my party, so we only went twice... but took a bunch of sandwiches to go! :)  

I love their bread, and it definitely makes the sandwich!  Not to mention their freakishly fast service and awesome sandwich ideas!  It's seriously good, and I am drooling thinking about it!  

If you are near a Jimmy John's, don't take it for granted!! :)
Solid 4 stars. It's sooooo freaking good. I took away a star due to the fact that the cashier seemed like she was annoyed/impatient, even though I knew what I wanted to get right away.

Anyhow, decided to go for the original beach club sandwich, without switching up anything just to see what the taste is like on its own. It's pretty darn good, needless to say! Everything tasted fresh, and I love me some CRISP sprouts in a sub, anytime. Like its name, the beach club reminded me of being back in California, enjoying a great, refreshing sub... Except they don't have any JJ's in California nearby my hometown. lol!

Also, this was my first time ever having Jimmy John's. My cousin kept raving about it to me when I was in Washington state this past summer and I originally thought they didn't have any in Vegas until I stumbled upon it on yelp! I'm sure glad I found this little gem -- it's sort of hard to notice this particular location even if you live around the area. I'm definitely going to try and come here more often. :) Move over, Subway -- JJ's is leading the way!
Amazing Subs, Super Fast Great Staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the boy's that work here, they even know me by name. I work nearby so they don't give me heck when I'm always coming in to get some 'free' soda. When i do order a sandwich the food is always made before my receipt is even printed. Talk about fast service. :) If you want a good gourmet sandwich this is the place to be.
I love their sandwiches. My friends feel that Johnny McGuires has the best sandwiches in town but I love me some JJ's. They have the freshest bread and their service really is freaky fast. By the time your ready to pay for your order they hand you your sandwich. They also have a great atmosphere. All the employees want to be there and have fun working at JJ's. I remember a few times employees would give me extra day old bread, its still delicious and its going to go bad anyways. It was a service enhancer and I will reward them with plenty of visits. Today I tried their vegetarian sandwich on wheat bread and it was perfect. I will be back soon!!
The boyfriend and I had great plans to visit Jimmy Johns on our weekend trip to Vegas as LV locations were the closest we could find to our LA home.
We instantly fell in love with the fresh gourmet sandwiches when we took our first bites on our trip to Chicago last year.
To our disappointment, the first location we arrived at per our phone no longer existed while the second location we found was closed on Sundays! :(
we called yet another location to find that they close at 5pm and it was already 4:55.
However, the wonderful boyfriend called them back and asked if they could keep the doors open just until 5:10.  The staff agreed and we raced like maniacs to the third location!!
We didn't arrive until 5:15 but the awesome staff waited for us & we were finally able get our Jimmy John's sandwich!
The sandwiches were delicious as always - we were with another couple who tried it for the first time and they loved it!
I knew the sandwiches would be good but the staffs' kindness in waiting for us made it amazing!  Thank you!
When this place first opened years ago, I honestly wasn't a fan. Then everyone kept raving about the bread and what not. None the less, I gave good old Jimmy another chance. Kalila M. had recommended the beach club and ever since then I had fallen in love. The turkey, avocado, and sprouts really does the trick along with the mayo. The wheat bread is pretty good too, but I feel like it's a tad less of the overall sandwich compared to when you get white bread. I heard the "protein style" or whatever they call it is like a bite of freshness.  Definitely need to try that out one of these days. This particular location is pretty neat too since it has an upper floor. And as all Jimmy Johns' the service is speedy. They try to achieve serving your sandwich by the time you finish paying and it normally happens, I think? Oh and by the way they have stamp cards now! One last tip, I don't recommend buying the day old bread because all they do is wrap paper around the middle part leaving the sides open and it doesn't store well not unless you immediately use it.  Mine became dry and stale.
Delicious as always!  And, as always, I recommend the Italian night club with hot peppers.  It never disappoints.  Staff are friendly too!
Very fast
Pretty Cheap ~$6 for a large sandwich
Normal bread and ingredients for the most part.  Slightly better than subway, I would say quiznos is better
My wife and I always stop by Jimmy Johns when in Vegas- fast and delicious.  My only bone to pick with this location is that they keep shrinking the delivery radius.  In the past, they would deliver to the Wynn.  Then to Hooters.  Next it was Motel 6.  Makes it harder and harder to get our Jimmy Johns fix!

Also, longer hours would be nice- Vegas is a 24 hour town but Jimmy Johns is closed by 8 many days.
Jimmy John's is unique in the fact that they do actually make subs so fast you'll freak. Their catch phrase is really put to work at this location, and others. 

My faves are the beach club, for the sprouts, and the country club (add bacon) for just being a simple sandwich. I also favor their slim subs, which cost less, and don't have a ton of toppings/meat and cheese. 

The bread is tasty, soft, with a light crunch on the outside. Also they have awesome chips. No lame Lays or Cheetohs. It's the Jimmy John's brand chips and I favor the salt and vinegar.

I've always had good service here as well.
Stopping to dine at JJ's for lunch today further cemented the idea I had all along that many people who Yelp about restaurants in Vegas are on meth......
I'm not sure what is "Gourmet" about their sandwiches, but mine was far from gourmet. It was far from Subway for that matter....
First off.... they don't serve hot sandwiches, only cold. Sweet.
Secondly.... I asked for something like a turkey club and they served me a 6 inch sub with lettuce, mayo, turkey, tomatoes and bacon. That's it. When I was ordering, I told the woman at the register that it was my first time here and I was hoping to have something that would bring me back.... She was deaf apparently.
The bacon was so weak that Subway bacon would've turned its nose up at it.... It was barely cooked and half raw.
They gave me 2 thin slices of turkey for every 4 inches of sub. The turkey wasn't roasted, baked or offered any flavor whatsoever. It was grocery store bought turkey, slattered with mayo on a sub roll.
The roll wasn't bad, but far from Gourmet.
The restaurant was clean and painted very fun, but it didn't get close to making up for my crappy sandwich. 
I gave it two stars because it's almost impossible to mess up a turkey sandwich, and although they didn't mess it up, they did leave a lot of be desired.

Bottom line.... I won't be back and you should keep heading up the road for another place to eat.
The staff at this location (and all the other ones, I think) is energized and ready for your business. They like to do things quickly, so you'll have ordered and paid before you have time to think. About 30 seconds after that, your food will be ready.

Their food is great. The sandwiches are delicious and well-constructed. I know they have wheat bread and it's better for me...but the white bread is probably the best bread ever. Also, hot peppers on everything.
This location is very close to the UNLV Campus, on Maryland Parkway, behind the Starbucks.

They are VERY fast!  I like their Tuna or their Turkey Tom.  You can add items (cheese) or subtract items (tomatoes, cucumbers, etc.) without any problems.

Service is nice and the bread is yummy!

Fast & filling lunch!  Don't forget to ask for the punch card!
Fast. Easy. Tasty. Inexpensive. Simple in the best sense of the word. Knocks the socks off of Earl of Sandwich. My husband and I happened upon this place today while leaving our Vegas weekend back for home in Cali. We are bummed Jimmy John's hasn't franchises there yet!! The friendliness & helpfulness of staff along with the SPEED & simple-done-perfectly concept of the place won us over. We got a punch card & do plan to use it every time we return!
Hottest JJ staff ever! I mean seriously, everyone I saw working here was totally cute, crazy! Must be the proximity to the college? 

Anyways.. the cute staff makes one deliciously awesome sandwich.  Me being the big eater that I am I went right for the money shot ordering the J.J. Gargantuan. Its the biggest sandwich on the menu! Loaded with genoa salami, ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey & provolone, its for the meat lover and not for the faint (or weak) of heart. Its so thick that you might be hard pressed to get this monster into your mouth. Somehow I managed though I've had years of practice eating thick sandwiches. If you also grabbed a bag of their BBQ potato chips you can add a sweet, smokey crunch to every bite of your monster sammie. Yes I do mean pry the buns apart and cram some crushed potato chips in there. Nom!

Now that's a cute sandwich!
I absolutely love this Jimmy John's location. As a UNLV student I usually frequent this location on my way to work and pick up my sub to go. The lunch crew is always on their A game, energized and friendly. You're acknowledged the second you open the door and they're ready and waiting for your order which will be prepared in less than a minute usually. They recognize their regulars as well. I hadn't been in for a few months over summer and I recently came in and they still remembered my order. Great customer service! And of course the food is delicious. My favorites are #16 with Dijon and you can't go wrong with the #9. Sandwiches are always fresh, delicious, simple and tasty. 

Now if you're going at night it's a COMPLETELY different story (hence the 1 star deduction). I used to come here at night before my night classes but I have stopped doing that. First of all, it's always been pretty empty when I've gone at night so you'd think there would be awesome customer service...wrong. The few times I went at night you have to wait a few minutes to even be acknowledged while the staff continues their conversation (whether it's with their fellow coworkers or their friends who are there eating). Eventually they take your order and make your sandwich at a glacial pace. The entire time you're there you feel like you're inconveniencing them and interrupting their evening.

 Needless to say I've found a different place to eat before my night classes now. But if you're around in the day you absolutely need to come by!
This is one of my favorite sandwich shops to go to. Very clean, everyone greets you with a hello and a smile and need a say FAST? ;)
When I'm trying to be good I always get a #4 turkey Tom with no mayo. But who are we kidding? Most days I get a #9 Italian sub with hot peppers. Don't waste your time getting it without, the hot peppers make the sandwich!
I absolutely adore this place. I get my food in like 5mins. for a delivery. Everyone is always perky, even that guy who rides a bike [*eco-friendly love it*].
Awesome sandwich shop! The sandwiches are always fresh! The delivery is superfast during lunchtime! I recommend them 100%.

My favorite is the Turkey tom and the Lulu! The food is always fresh!
This place gets 1 star simply because they only deliver until 9pm. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME???!!!?!? This is Vegas ....and you are on campus!! What a joke. I am a long time customer of jimmy johns and where I'm from they deliver on campus until 4am.... Take the fucking hint jimmy johns LV!!!
One word: Gargantuan.  Awesome in Jacksonvile; awesome in Columbus; awesome in Baltimore, and equally awesome here on S. Maryland Parkway in Vegas.  Definitely not for the faint of heart, there must be triple the meat that you'd usually find in a comparably priced Subway sandwich.  Only drawback is only one type of sub roll.  This location also lives up to Jimmy John's reputation for quick service.  Tasty food, quick service, and reasonable prices.  Can't go wrong.
Jimmy John's is one of my favorite sandwich shops!  They are always so fast and accurate!  My favorite sandwich is the #4 Turkey Tom! They bread is the best, its baked just right!  Topped with the freshest ingredients, turkey, mayo, lettuce, tomato and cucumbers a simple sandwich that hits the spot!
Some buds and I ordered these while watching game 4 of the finals.  I ordered the gargantuan with extra peppers and it was delicious.  I felt like I had two points of deli Armageddon in my stomach and almost fell asleep during the second half of the game.

They delivered it too, the order took about 10 minutes after the call to get to us, and it was correct.

$8 for that sandwich that keeps you full all day is amazing!

Thanks!
I really wish Jimmy Johns would open some locations in Los Angeles.  It is a great lunch option.  The sandwiches are flavorful and filling.  The bread is quality and the toppings are fresh.  The staff at this location was friendly and quick.
I'm a loyal customer!  I love that I can order an unwich and have it delivered in less then 15 minute!  The employees have always been very friendly and proof that I'm there to much, they know me when I call!  LOL
Yummy! I got the Italian with hot peppers and it is delish! I couldn't leave the office today so they delivered it right to me so quickly and the driver was very friendly. What a great experience. WIll definitely be a repeat customer.
Dear Jimmy John's,

I love you.  

Don't take that lightly.  My heart means a lot.  No wait, where are you going?  Wait, hear me out, please?

You're from Illinois.  I'm from Illinois.  And yet?  Here we are, out for fun with friends in Vegas.  Who's to say what could happen.

Your sandwiches are divine.  You keep your shop clean, and your staff is AMAZING.  You always leave me happy and fulfilled.

Thank you.

PS - You should REALLY consider moving to California.  I could make it worth your while.
We are from San Diego... Husband lived in Chicago for a little while some time back. When we met he always ranted and raved about JJ's. I figured, it's a sub just like Subway, Quiznos, Submarina.....

Whoa! Whoa! I WAS WRONG. JJ'S is what's up. The bread alone is AMAZING! Every time we come to Vegas this location is must. 

We got sandwiches on the way home this past weekend, tossed em on ice in the cooler and ate em for lunch the next day. Guess what, still phenomenal!

I usually get the Night Club with peppers or the Beach Club. The beach club travels well. That's what we both got to take with. Add bacon of course.

Don't be fooled, there's no place like it. There are no imitations, substitutions or good excuses to not go. Period.
FRIENDLY STAFF

PHENOMENAL SUB SANDWICHES

SUPER SCARY FAST SANDWICH MAKING


If you don't love Jimmy John's, then you obviously have no taste-buds, and you clearly don't appreciate fast and friendly service. You must be an alien.
Ok went to jimmy johns and Firehouse subs to see who's tuna sandwich is better. (For my taste) I know your thinking who goes to firehouse for tuna? This guy does. Plus the lady working the counter was like "odd two people ordered tuna today."

They both cost about the same.

Ok first off lets go by how fast food came out. Jimmy johns wins. those dudes pump those things out like nobody's business. I pay and boom sandwich in hand. Firehouse I had to wait a bit longer but still didn't take too long. 

Taste is a toss up. I preferred the actual tuna in the jimmy johns. It had more crunch from the veggies. Now firehouses one held up better because the bread is softer. I feel like my teeth are not sharp enough to bite thou jimmy johns bread sometimes. And when my teeth finally get thou delicious bread, it decides to leak white fluid that will smell and look like all sorts of body fluid.  (You take ur pick.... They all dry white....) 

It's hard to pick a winner because I want to say the flavor is better on the JJ, but I ate more of firehouses. Just because it was easier to eat . I don't want to go about my day smelling like tuna. I'm can't tell you why but i am leaning to jimmy johns don't know why. But still both are leaps and bounds better than subway. Time to go find a breath mint to wash down the shame that is this review. Do people even read these?
Super fast and delightful service. 

Very clean and accommodating.

The location is great I will be back.
Wifey loves this spot. She gets the #10 hunters club add avocado.  I go with the gargantuan.  Sandwhich is good. We don't have them in sj so we make sure to stop here before we fly home.
Soooooo I came in here because the yoshinoya place I had just went to was disgusting and I threw out the beef bowl I bought... I kept it simple. Turkey and bacon. The guy seemed annoyed that I had to decide what I wanted. Then slapped it together without even giving me a chance to ask for what I wanted o  it. In a rush to work I just paid and left. When I opened the sandwich it was on stale hard bread. Low quality meat and mushy tomatoes. Perhaps today I was not meant to eat lunch. :/ at least it was slightly more edible than the place next door!
Pretty disappointed in this location. I ordered my 2 sandwiches, bag of chips and drink online, using the website. I paid by credit card. I waited at least 15 minutes BEFORE leaving my home to pick up my order because I am apparently 1 block outside the 1 mile delivery zone. I then stopped on the way to Jimmy John at Chipolte to pick up another order and was in and out in three minutes. I arrived at Jimmy John, walked in and encountered three employees and a delivery driver having a loud conversation. I approached the counter and asked about my order. I was informed they had a credit card slip and no itemized ticket. The food was NOT ready. Then they proceeded to make the order, apologizing that it was not ready. As I sit and wait for my "freaky fast" order to be ready (which took them a good 7 minutes to make), I noticed the reason why my order wasn't ready in the first place. Behind the hood of the prep area and the glass partition, is my original ticket. This means the order came in and the employees didn't pay attention to the ticket. 

Now, I will play devils advocate and say that it was an honest mistake, but for a restaurant that prides itself on being "freaky fast", this was bungled pretty well. I love your sandwiches, and every other experience has been great, including the $1 sandwich event I attended last year. It felt like other than the employees making the sandwiches, it was apparent the others didn't care. While I waited, another customer came in and was ignored by the cashier, because he was engrossed in a conversation with the delivery driver and the  loud phone order employee. I will be back but am disappointed by the customer service at a location I really enjoy spending money at.
Everyone keeps talking about this place so I finally went. Sorry, wasn't impressed. I mean, it's a standard sandwich. I still feel that Capriotti's has a better sandwich. JJ's is decent. I think the bread should be softer. I will say that their pickles are great!!! Overall, not bad but not amazing.
Love there subs.  Service is fast and friendly.  Dining area is cozy.  Male restroom has really interesting decor.  Recommend this to anyone.
This location across from campus was the first Jimmy Johns I ever step foot in. I was excited for a new sandwich spot close to UNLV and I was not disappointed. Unlike most sub spots, Jimmy only offers standard sandwiches, chips and cookies. No soups, no toasted subs, no pizzas or whatever else Scumway is putting out. 
JJ's standard sandwich is a 9in sub (also available on sliced whole wheat bread) with an assortment of meats, cheese, and topping. You can build your own if you want but the menu focuses on some of their proven specialties. I'm a big fan of the beach club: double portion of turkey, avocado and provolone, the bootlegger club is also pretty good. At about ~$6 a pop, the sammiches are decently priced but can easily turn into a $10+ meal if you throw in chips and a drink. 

This location is pretty cool, its a much older building and the restaurant is very narrow. They were able to put the dining room up in the attic which is interesting. As always with the other locations JJ delivers for an added fee making is very convenient for study sessions at Club Lied.
We were in Vegas visiting from California and got excited that there was a jimmy johns... First tried it in Minnesota and fell in love. 

This place in Vegas is in a newer shopping center but in a sketchy area by UNLV. 

We had a great experience... Ordered _#4 turkey sub with peppers that was perfect! The bread is so fresh, and their chips are delicious...try the jalapeo ones !  Wish they would open up stores in California!!!
Won't deliver north past Flamingo? I'm 1.2 miles away. That's probably the biggest joke in the history of delivery. Freaky fast? Try freaky fake. On a serious note, if I'm driving I'm going to Capriotti's. Usually don't give out one stars but Jimmy Johns just lost a big fan
First time here, wasn't disappointed.  I got a veggie sandwich and it was perfect. Really good food, try the cookies!
I was very disappointed by the service I received yesterday.  I placed my order at around 1:15 and the order was not delivered for over 20 minutes.  I ordered a tuna sandwich and it was over 100 degrees yesterday, so needless to say, I was a bit concerned about the sandwich.  When I mentioned to the delivery person that the order took a long time, he did not say a word - not sorry nor thank you.  He just handed me the sandwich and left.  Mind you, I had already put a gratuity on the bill on my online order ($3.00 on a $7.00 sandwich), so he was not "stiffed" on the delivery.  When I called the location, I was told that it was extremely busy and that is the reason the order took so long, but I was assured that the sandwich was made moments before it went out for delivery.   The sandwich was good, so no complaints on the quality, but the customer service was horrendous.
We occasionally ( ok, more than occasionally) like to order delivery.  What is a working woman to do! 

Rosati's is one of two non-chain local places that will deliver.  They do a decent job and have a nice thin crust pizza (but no where near NY style).  Recently we have decided to try the calzones which are chock full of toppings.  Great flavor and we always also order ranch to vary the dipping options.  The sauce is really good too.  

Their delivery drivers are always personal, in fact one brings doggie treats for our pups.  Class A operation all around!  Only negative is that when we order for delivery they always say "it will be there within the hour."  This is kind of a cop-out.  We never really know when it will get there, it is always a guess, although they don't lie...it is there within the hour :0)
This is Dad's pick on his Scottsdale pizza quest, and we take Dad's opinion very seriously. I had a piece reheated and it was great! Crispy crust, crumbled sausage. I've tried pizza from a few places in Scottsdale so far, and this is definitely the best.
My husband loves Oregano's, but I like Rosati's better.  I enjoy the pizza sauce and THEY DELIVER.  Two large single to double toping pizzas run about $40.  Two larges will feed four to six hungry adults.
This was my first experience with Rosati's and I was impressed with  great deep dish pizza. It might not be exactly Chicago style deep dish but the ingredients were excellent and I would definitely get this pizza again.
TERRIBLE....TERRIBLE .... TERRIBLE
      Greasy ...... Greasy ....... Greasy
           If you LACK TASTE BUDS .... you'll love the pizza.

As usual, I ordered the 18" cheese thin crust.
....The recipe for the crust, seems to of changed. 
....The red sauce was too sweet.
....The acidity was over the top. 
.... It seemed to be under cooked.
.... inadequate cheese.
Other then the above, I can't complain !!!

Rosati's, I went through the above cycle with you, in the past.
.........AND IT"S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN AGAIN ....... Good Riddance
Great pizza.  Nice owners!
.............. The Ovens Are Off .............
   +++ Looks like Rosati's is looking for someone else ...... Who lacks pizza talent +++
The last Franchisee won't be missed.
Over the past 7 years this was the 3rd or 4th Failed Owner.

Serving up a decent pizza ....... isn't Rocket Science.

Here's hoping that Alton Brown ....... will be the new owner.
+++++++++ NEW OWNERS +++++++++

Carried out a few days ago ....... Pizza was GOOD ...... In Fact Very Good.
            The same was also true of previous "New Owners"

  ********Will they stay involved or be another absentee Franchisee ????? **********

       Lets hope they studied the Downfall of their Predecessors ..........
                   If not ........ then they'll also be ....... turning the ovens off in a year.

The first bad pizza ...... I'll complain to them.
The second bad pie ...... will be my last.
I wish that I could have given a better review.  The other Rosati's on Scottsdale Rd and Shea had great reviews and had pictures of the pie's that seemed really appealing.  The one in particular looked like a Chicago style with the sauce on top.  Lots of red sauce seemed like home to me so I decided to give this a shot.  

I ordered and got the pan which I was told was the right one.  I showed up 25 minutes later and it was ready for me.  There was a sweet young girl working there and I think her boyfriend was hanging out at the counter too.  They were both young kids that seemed like they could be a little rough (like I was at that age), and I thought that the average patron might be intimidated by this.  But to me it reminded me of a Rosati's that I grew up near outside of Chicago.  The employees always had their friends hanging around smoking and playing video games.  And this experience seemed like a walk down memory lane.

So I get the za and its huge.  Much bigger than I thought, but whose gonna complain about that?  Not me...that's for sure.  But when I opened it it was just a giant pan of cheese.  Not only was there not a hint of red sauce on the top, there was exceptionally little within the pie.  And the truth is that the cheese was really quite overwhelming.  Especially with very little to counter it other than the ingredients.  

Crust was decent.  To be honest, it would've been quite good had there been just a little less cheese and a sizeable portion of marinara.  If you read their competitors reviews the ones that always seem to score big points do so because of sauce.  So you'd think that they would use more or at least use enough that the average Chicago guy would be happy with it.

We ate about half and (this is horrible, I know) we threw the rest out.  We never do that.  But our guts were overwhelmed with the cheese and grease and it wasn't worth it to eat it as left overs.  It just plain wasnt good enough.

Oh well.  Maybe we will try it again and remember how to tell them that we want it.  It could be good...but the way that they seem to make it without instructions really would never make the grade back home.  And it isn't "The water"...
Finally, a "Chicago style" pizza joint that actually tastes like Chicago pizza!

I am a true Chicagoan (not the suburbs) living here in Phoenix and made it my mission to find great pizza in AZ. Since living here I've tried lots of pizza, but none moved me as much as Rosati's. Contrary to popular belief, "Chicago style" pizza is not just deep dish pan pizza, it can be thin crust and delicious. My sister and I split the thin crust (onion, mushroom, green bell pepper) and it reminded us so much of home. Now all you need to do is open a restaurant in Central Phoenix.
This truly is Chicago style pizza! If that's the kind of pizza you like, then you won't be disappointed. The price is very reasonable for a large thin crust. I ordered from them twice in the last two weeks and want another pie tonight! I had no problems with the customer service.
We've picked up a pie from Rosati's two times now - both sausage and both quite delicious.
The sausage is ground, but has a lot of flavor.
The pie is sliced into little squares - which my husband, from Chicago, LOVES.

The do deliver, but we like to go for a little ride and pick it up. The place is in an odd kind of out-of-the way strip mall off of 116th. There are a couple of tables there, nothing fancy, it's clean (one thing you kind of worry about with delivery only places).

The gal at the front counter both times has been very nice. 

Highly suggest you give this place a try!
I spend a week in Las Vegas every month, and literally live on JJ. 
Top reasons Why I love Jimmy John
1) the crazy blond hair guy who I think is the manager rules with an iron fist, (I think thats how they chop the lettuce)
2) inspirational quotes, quirky, yet not over the top. see link 
http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dc77k565_120gdz7r2hj
3) mmm, good food
Definitely a goood samich here.....I'd have to say the best COLD samich I had so far in vegas.  Bread is fresh, veggies crisp, meats are tasty, they have cherry peppers a++ for me...luv those things.  Nice atmosphere with interesting reading on the walls.

You gotta try this place, I think you will agree that it stomps all over subway.....til next time, good eating!
Great sandwiches and FAST service! They're done before you finish paying. 

I've had the #12 Beach Club a couple of time and it really hits the spot. The only think a bit lacking is the potato chips selection. They have 3-4 choices.
Jimmy John's has pretty good sandwiches, but nothing to write home about.  Their sandwiches are large though and the double meat ones will keep you full all day long.  They are super fast and super friendly, but c'mon, NO HONEY MUSTARD???  I know that's a petty thing, but I really need some honey mustard on my sandwiches.  They're chip selection is pretty meh as well.
One of the best sandwhich shops in Vegas. 

This place is clean, fast and great. 

The bread is almost like a french baguette in texture, crispy on the outside but instead of light in the inside it has a chewy texture like a togo's sandwhich. 

Ingredients are fresh and the balance of mayo, cheese, meat is perfect. 

Im a fan!
their food is good unlike their service, me and my family won't be returning to that locating again.
I love a place where the employees learn what regular customers order. So I love that when I walk into Jimmy John's, the sandwich makers usually know I am going to be getting a #12 Beach Club.

Jimmy John's isn't like Subway or Port of Subs where the customer decides exactly what to put on their sandwich. That is ok though, Jimmy John's has a wide variety of sandwiches and you can add things (or leave them off, like I do with the sprouts that come on the #12).

The french bread is delicious and all of their veggies are nice and fresh. Apparently this location delivers and has online ordering, I have never used either service though.
Jimmy John's is A-Okay. It was my first visit to JJ's. I had an Italian Night Club. It was tasty. I wanted an option for a foot-long but they did not have one. They seemed to be closing early for a Thursday (at 8pm). I would have imagined that like Subway they would be open until 9pm.

I felt it was a little pricy for a 6in sandwich. Perhaps because of Subways recently hyped $5-footlong special. Recall JJ's does bill itself as a "Gourment Sandwich"

The staff was friendly and patient while i made my sandwich decision.

The store was clean and tidy.
If you like more bread than meat in your sandwhich than maybe you'll like JJ's.  The sandwhich had big fat bread, but one super thin slice of meat, cheese so thin i couldn't find it or taste it.  The tomato slice was thick, too bad I asked for no tomato and got it anyway.  Black pepper was not available as an ingrediant nor are pickles.  Only a side pickle.  The sandwhich is small and  not worth the money.  

If you want a good sandwhich,  go to Port o Subs where they slice and pile all the meat you want and paper thin sliced pickles are yummy.
Had Jimmy John's for lunch today for a company lunch.  

Something about the bread and the mayonnaise that makes me want to just keep on eating.

I sampled the following delicious sandwiches:
#2 Big John - Roast beef, lettuce, tomato & mayo.
#3 Totally Tuna - Tuna, sprouts, cucumber, lettuce & tomato.
#4 Turkey Tom - Turkey breast, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, tomato & mayo.

These are very tasty , I especially LOVE alfalfa sprouts!  

The only down side is that even after eating lunch, I still feel hungry. :(  I've had Jimmy John's a few times before over the last year and I have come to the same conclusion - still hungry.
Friendly service and fast, delicious sandwiches.  Jimmy John's is the standard by which I judge all other sandwich shops.

The Country Club ranks high on my list but I've never had anything there I didn't love.  They really do a great job.

While a lot of other sandwich shops try to give you what you want with a build your own sandwich setup, or piles of meat, Jimmy John's gives you the sandwich you should have ordered. :-P

Top it off with a fun environment that makes it enjoyable to stay and eat and this gets my full five star endorsement.  It beats every other shop in town in at least one or two aspects.

Damn.  Now I'm hungry!
I heard great things about JJ's sandwiches. So I took a gamble and phoned in a Italian night club sandwich with hit cherry peppers with no mayo. The sandwich did not disappoint. It was tasty, the Italian sauce was tasty. I like the French bread, it was firm but soft inside. Price was 5.75 for a good size sandwich.
Excellent sandwich shop, but there are multiple strange flaws that keep it from rising to the top. I don't see any reason why their sandwiches can't be bigger. 2-4 inches mean the difference between fed and unsatisfied. Leaving here feeling like you've really eaten something is quite the challenge, as American portions tend to be on the large side. Here, the standard seems to be more what your body needs versus what it wants. That's super if you're trying to lose weight, but not very cool if you walk in half-starved.

Ingredients are fresh and tasty. The bread is good at first, but somehow becomes downright addicting the more of it you consume. I can't put my finger on it, but something about that bread is beyond the norm. Meat and cheese portions feel balanced, if lacking, though vegetables dominate any free space they can fit in to. More meat would make for a better sandwich. For the price, and especially in comparison to similar eateries, you expect more. They aren't outright cheating the customer, but there is certainly a stingy, miserly quality to portions.

Service and environment are totally fine. I haven't experienced any problems with the staff and the place is generally quite clean. Lots of crap on the walls to read and the best view of the hospital a person could ask for (they wouldn't). Certainly not a bad spot.

If you can get around the moderate portions, the food is solid. Definitely quality over quantity. A small increase in size or fillings would make me a regular for sure. As it stands, I'm only going in there if I need to be tided over until a substantial meal comes along.

Oh, and watch out when you take a bite. The mayo they slather on the bread acts as a substantial lubricant.
The food is good, but I don't think we'll be coming back. While my boyfriend was eating his vegetarian sandwich, he was horrified to find a chunk of tuna in with it. The worst part is they advertise being vegetarian friendly with a big "We love vegetarians" sign on the wall. If that were the case, you'd think they would put a little more care into keeping meat out of their vegetarian sandwiches. To a vegetarian that's like finding a cockroach in with your meal. ;-) It's a shame because I enjoy their sandwiches. But this is definitely not a vegetarian-friendly establishment.
This is my local delivery jimmy johns to my house and to my office. I would like to say they never take more than 15 minutes to deliver. The service is extremely helpful. I have been working all day in my house an starving and they came to my rescue!!! With extras- tip their delivery people and i promise they will be amazing to you. I never have a complaint! Its not the greatest sub in the world- basic but the service will keep me coming back forever.
Mother of God: this place is brilliant.

Firstly, it's a Jimmy Johns, so the sandwiches are solid. But this is an abnormally good Jimmy Johns. Several reasons:

1) The Staff. Today they recognized that I didn't have my son with me like I usually do. They're friendly, but not "corporate drone" friendly. This is good customer service. Also the staff appears relatively happy, which is important for quality food. Also this visit: the guy who made my sandwich (in like 90 seconds) said "I made this the 'wrong' way so it doesn't fall apart when you eat it." He was right. The sandwich was superb (Italian night club with pep).

2) Mayonnaise. Present in every Jimmy Johns but bears repeating.

3) One time I went in here they were blaring Heavy Metal and I heard that terrible "F" word like seven times. I'm a married banker with a kid, and I don't particularly like Metal, but it's nice to have that "privately owned" feel.

4) This place is never busy. And you wouldn't wait long anyways, since this place has handed me my sandwich in the amount of time it took to process my debit card, but still, it's awesome.

5) Want to save calories? Not be a giant fat-ass? Well no one does the lettuce wrap like Jimmie Johns. Extra Mayo Unwich for the win. 

The bad:
A lot of the time they just hand you the sandwich if you just get one, and then you forget to grab napkins, and the mayo and pepper juices mix and drips out the back of the Sammich on your pants, but that's your fault. Take some personal responsibility. Also they have sprouts on the menu. They taste like you're licking a tree trunk covered in moss, but I know people who think they're exquisite. Those people are wrong.
This Jimmy John's was an oasis in a series of blocks of generic fast food places. I told my friend to make a crazy turn as soon as I saw it.  We ran inside, and I know this sounds silly, but the people who work here were really so nice. I didn't feel like it was cheesy or corporate or whatever. The sandwich, a #5, was impeccably made and delicious!
Food was ok, but very rude staff here, never coming back again
So, this was my first time trying Jimmy John's. I have been meaning to, but I haven't had a chance until now. I ordered the Vito and got my fella the Porker. I really enjoyed the french bread and look forward to trying the Beach Club with the 7 grain bread. I have a good feeling about that. 

The toppings are very simple and fresh. There is a good variety of sandwiches to choose form and two types of bread. They also have delivery which I look forward trying out soon.
I love Jimmie John's!!! Every time I walk in the door I am greeted with smiling, friendly faces. The service is always fast- never sloppy. I am not a huge bread fan, so I come here for the unwhich (no bread). My Fianc loves the Italian nightclub (with bread). If you are a sandwich lover I suggest you Run, don't walk to Jimmie Johns :-)
I used to eat at this location quite often at my old job. 

We received a few hours notice that corporate was going to be by work, and said they were covering lunch for the 35 of us. What options did we have? Given that we were making calls at 7:30am, we ran into bar or fast food as our options. Then the light bulb illuminated my mind and realized we could try Jimmy John's. If they make freaky good food, freaky fast... could they make 35 lunches in a freaky fast time?

Why yes, yes they could! We placed our order on line, which went very smoothly, and indicated our desired pick up time a couple hours ahead of time. 

I went to pick up the food and as I walked in the door, they were literally wrapping up the last box lunch and packing the 4th box of sandwiches up. After paying the staff was very gracious to help carry everything out to the car with me.

The food was a hit with everybody at work, so delicious, as always! Can't wait until we have last minute lunch needs again!
Methinks not is right! Some sort of catered party tray of sandwiches we got at our office, and one of the half sandwiches I got, which was small enough anyway, contained one very thin slice of meat.  Another one I tried contained a small amount of roast beef.  You'd expect extras of oil, vinegar, etc, but all we got were mostly mustard packets, and a only a few mayo packets for 35 plus half sandwiches.
Not sure where the gourmet part comes in, but it sure doesn't for their party platters!!!!  Incredibly disappointing.
Underrated. Jimmy John's is a winner. I've had two subs here - the Vito (Italian sub topped with genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce, tomato & Italian vinaigrette) and the Totally Tuna. Both sandwiches feature above-average toppings including vegetables that smell and taste fresh, not like the typical bagged produce flavor that defines places like Subway.

The bread is noteworthy - it's hard and crusty on the outside but with a nice soft crumb inside. It's similar to the bread used at Jersey Mike's, only without the corn meal dusting.

Best of all, a filling 8" sub (yes, I just typed those words) is only $4.75.

Good lunch option when you want something basic and cheap.
When they say lighting fast, they literally mean it. 

It's a cold sub. There isn't too much to dislike about it or even say about it. The veggie sammich is very good.

Pickles and chocolate chip cookies are insanely good and addicting.

The staff here can leave a little to be desired. However, if the manager is around it is some of the best service ever. Other than that, it's a bunch of teens who don't know the meaning of customer service. 

They do deliver but only within a mile distance. Why deliver then?
You can't go wrong with a Club Lulu w/ cheese - that's been at five stars in my book since I first discovered Jimmy Johns in college (Columbia, MO).

This review is specific to the experience I had at this Las Vegas location.

I called for delivery, but was shot down by a rude female who said my location was out of their one-mile radius delivery range even though the borderline intersection she mentioned was outside the apartment I was visiting. Despite trying to explain this to her, she would not back down and so I didn't place an order.

Going over the options of what to do (e.g. walk or drive), I decided to call back one last time. As I hoped, a different worker answered the phone. Although he did mention that my intersection was the furthest they go for delivery, he heard me out and placed my order. It's because of that fine human being that I got my Club Lulu w/ cheese delivered.
"Welcome to the Best part of your Day."

That's what the cashier said to me when I walked in. I gave him a half smile as I really thought about what he said and then placed my order. 

Ordered a #9 and #10 combos, a good solid Italian and roast beef sandwich respectively.

Service speed hasn't changed much. It is still as fast and speedy as ever. My sandwich's are always done before I can even fill up both of my drinks. 

I bag up the sandwiches, chips and put my drinks in the carrier and walk out. As I started to open the door, the same cashier told me to "Have a great day" and gave me a smile. 

I really started to think about what he said when I first walked in there. "Welcome to the best part of your day."

He didn't know I was having a crappy day. That I was at work since 4:30 in the morning, finally getting a break from work at 1 pm even if it was just to drive a pick my president up a sandwich. He didn't know that I was stuck in a 4 hour meeting today. Nor did he know the handful of new policies I had to write and implement once I got back to work.

I drove back to work thinking, that man was ALMOST right. The best part of my day is always coming home to my hunny and son but other than that, it was a good part of my day. 

I am not trying to be too personal but I just need to relate a little and make you feel how important customer service truly is (at least to me). As stated in my previous review about Jimmy Johns, they have a good solid sub. Love their pickles and cookies even more. You can't go wrong with their food. 

However, this location had lacked in the customer service department. And in a business where customer service is YOUR business, it is a very important detail. And during my last couple of visits, the service has been better but not great but after today, I just had to do an update and upgrade them to a 4.

Thank you Jimmy Johns for giving me one part of the best part of my day!
The thing that took the longest for me to get my sandwich was deciding which sandwich I wanted! I opted for delivery since I can't leave work. Received the confirmation email and called the store to ask how long my sandwich delivery will take and the very nice girl said "I'll be there in less than ten minutes." My stomach grumbled in happiness knowing that food will soon be on its way. Literally 10 minutes after I received my confirmation email, I received my sandwich. I will definitely be ordering from you guys again.
Always stellar service, best sandwich in Vegas!  Prices are unbeatable, well-kept and clean enviroment!
It not often come too JJ believe my second time. I have ALWAYS been fan! It toss up between JJ and Capriotti comes too my favorite subs/sandwiches. Too me win win either way you choose!!

I order the Italian Night Club. Start with the bread because if the bread no good then forget about it. I love the bread it baked daily just like others but like nice crust too the outside and moist inside. Taste fresh! The freshness starts on outside straight too everything on the inside from the lettuce (other chains simple things lettuce, pickles, or tomatoes not taste as fresh or say pre package toppings), thinly sliced white onions, sliced tomatoes, and different sliced deli meat. Hot peppers and italian dressing, mayo, and all combines too awesome sub! I got bag of chips and soda. The chips its JJ brand. The bag of chips some tasty chips (they have four different flavors) got the barbeque. I love nice crunchy, lot of flavor, and who not like bag of chips with sub? The soda they have fountain so endless if dining in.

The restaurant is pretty small only five too six tables. They do have couple outdoor tables also although right now not the best idea. I enjoy the decor. It feeling of small time deli with all the different signs all over the place, even community event board that people put stuff up on, they have music playing inside, and open air very clean restaurant.

The service something that deserve five star woot woot! As soon as you walked in got greeted with warm welcome and smile. It small location but talk about fully staff had my order done before sit down got my drink. One of the workers asked about my Mariners baseball cap wearing finishing my lunch. We had a conversation about Seattle the city, baseball, and cool random conversation with one of the workers. Friendly staff and leaving they say thanks for coming and have good one.

I always been fan still fan and certain making more stop at JJ! =))))
Favorite sandwich shop! Their bread is fresh, soft , and delicious. You can tell all their ingredients are fresh. If you like subway (I'm not a fan) then you will love and appreciate Jimmy John's. Also their chips are great too!! Can't wait to try other sandwiches
Fast, fresh, easy. Those are the words that best describe Jimmy John's.  This location is no different. Talking with one of their guys it sounds like they are expanding across the valley. I know I'm hoping for some new locations on the west side!
They are crazy fast! Love the service and the food. Order the unwich. Delish!  Add avocado, oregano, oil and vinegar.  Soooooo good
As a long time fam of Jimmy John's I was excited to see a location right across from where I get my nails done. I couldn't wait to get my nails finished so that I could grab a sub to take home. Upon entry the great music hit my ears & I bobbed my head to the beat. The man behind the counter greeted me with a 'hey girl!' & I'm immediately offended. When I do business ANYWHERE I expect to be addressed in a more professional manner. I corrected the man by telling him I'm not 'girl' I'm 'ma'am' to which he became visably annoyed.  He immediately started with the silent treatment & even put my change on the counter instead of in my hand. RUDE. CHILDISH.

I ordered the Vito & asked for it minus the onions. The young lady who made the sandwich began to hand the sandwich to me & then pulled it back saying she needed to make it over. Since I was in a hurry to end this unpleasant encounter, I asked what the problem was & she said she had mistakenly put onions on it. I took the sandwich & told her that I would pick them off. Little did I know that the sandwich was MOSTLY onion, very little meat, no cheese, & no dressing making for a very dry & smelly lunch.

Before leaving the store, I asked if there was a phone number of a manager or owner. She told me that the unprofessional man who addressed me as 'girl' was the manager. How very sad that he is the example that people who work there follow, as he seems to think that being 'cool' is more important than securing repeat business by being professional & getting orders right.

I won't be back for more disrespect & dry bread & onion sandwiches no matter how convenient it is.

PS - I want to be clear that I am writing about the location at 5469 S Rainbow. Here in Las Vegas.
This will be quick.... kinda like their delivery service.

Ordering a sandwich online in under 2 minutes = $5.50.
The delivery guy showing up in under 5 minutes = $3.00 tip
Enjoying a  quick sub on a hot day without stepping foot outside = priceless!!
I ate at most of the sandwich place like Subway, Quiznos, Port of Subs, & Togo. I would say Jimmy Johns is the Best!!!! The bread and meats are again the Best!!!'
I have to say that I am not a huge fan of their subs. The subs to me never have any real flavor. Also, they hardly give you any meat and stuff their subs with lettuce. I've eaten at several location, not by choice of course. And I have to say that this location has one girl who works there that is kind of rude. The last time I went I ordered the Vito sub and was told that I can have hot peppers in the sandwich for free but if I wanted them in the side I would need to pay extra, why? And of course to top it off I got home and my sandwich was completely dry. Hardly any mayo, mustard or the Italian dressing. Defiantly will not be going back to this location.
The only reason jimmy johns is fast is because they only deliver within a 2 mile radius. I live exactly 2.3 miles away. 
WHAT A JOKE!!!!!!
Subs are good tho.
Amazing subs!! I love the Gargantuan...one of my favorite sandwiches. But, it's like a freezer in the restaurant and the service isn't the best. (They say they offer catering, but couldn't give olive oil and vinegar on the side because they had no containers...) turn on the charm and turn off the ac!
I love Jimmy Johns, but not this location.  When I arrived a little after 5pm, there was one other customer in the restaurant. It took about 10 minutes to get my sub, and as you may know, that is a very long time for a Jimmy Johns. They also messed up my order and put so much mayo on the sub that the bottom of the bread was slathered. I won't be returning to this location. I recommend the one on Charleston Blvd.
Went in yesterday for lunch as I'm exploring new places around work. It wasn't difficult to see from the street, but their location is in an oddly designed plaza. The restaurant was only partly filled, just over half the tables were empty. The two employees behind the counter could tell I had never been in before, and they offered to suggest a sandwich based on the things I liked. I decided to play it safe for the first time out and got an Italian with bacon.
I heard their commercials so I knew their bravado for speed, but I was wholly unprepared for them to prove it.  I turned from the register to fill my drink cup, and before I could finish getting ice, my order was ready. 
The sandwich wasn't bad. The bacon was a bit soggy, but the bread was baguette-like, the meat was fresh, and the lettuce was crispy. Overall, it was a satisfying experience, and one I'm sure I'll have again.
Ordered 'The Vito' sandwich was half ass made with no lettuce also, customer service was terrible will never go back!
Ok, so after a round of shopping with my mom, we were STARVING.  Back when I lived in Scottsdale, there used to be a deli in this place, but since I moved down to Tempe, I didnt know that this place had changed hands.  Its located right off Northsight, next to Golds Gym, and a salon.

The place is warmly decorated.  wood decor, with warm red colors.  Very relaxing and refreshing to walk into.

The menu here is somewhat simple.  Part breakfast, part lunch, with a few options to those who are hungry.  I got the omlette, with tomatos, cheese and onions.  When it the food came out, it was so tasty!!  My mom had the crepes, and said it was the best crepes she has had in some time.   Best breakfast that I have had in some time.  Plus, our server was wonderful!!!  I would love to eat here more often, as I think it was worth the gas and time.

So far so good, as I would take my parents back here to eat, or friends, dates of whatnot.  Great clean place with great service.
I saw Amy B's review the other day, and decided to check out the Breakfast Joynt, as it is pretty close to where I work. The decor is a little unusual for a breakfast and lunch place- normally these places are, shall we say, kitchen-y and perky- but here, it's a little more like a friendly pub with all the cherry wood, but decorated with paintings rather than roadside kitsch. 

I ordered the traditional breakfast. My over-easy eggs were a little raw, but the hash-browns were crispy, just as I had ordered them, and flavorful, with a hint of onion. The bacon was thick and delicious, and the pancakes were yummy in spite of a somewhat chewy texture. The coffee was fine, and I appreciated the giant glasses of water. 

The owners and staff were all very friendly, and when I asked one of them about what was in the pancake batter, she said she would have the chef come to my table. He was a great guy, and admitted that he was disappointed with the texture of the pancakes himself of late, and planned to adjust the recipe. 

I'm sure I'll be back to try other items on the menu. It's not the Good Egg where you have an overwhelming 4 page menu, but everything on the Breakfast Joynt's menu is a breakfast or lunch classic. They have healthy options as well, such as fruit and yogurt and items made with only egg-whites. Then again, they also have a Monte Cristo and chicken fried steak. Good thing Gold's Gym is right next door...
My friend Dr. Bruce wanted to meet up for lunch. He suggested the Breakfast Joynt. I politely asked him what he was talking about and where this place was. to my surprise it was 2 minutes from my office. Excellent location for me and was excited to try a new venue. Upon entering the place is well decorated and clean. we sat the bar and watched ESPN and shot the breeze with the owner and staff. Coming from the Midwest, Chicago to be exact they understand Midwestern hospitality and understand food portions. I was extremely satisfied with my grilled chicken and steam broccoli with noodles and garlic for 7.95. I like to eat big portions. I can say I was full when I exited the restaurant and my pocket book thanked me as well. For a healthy lunch or breakfast this is my new go to joynt. No pun intended. Well priced, great location (for me) and simple. If anyone ever wants to meet for lunch here count me in!
Eggs are eggs, omeletes are omeletes until you try them at Breakfast Joynt.  Their secret...oven toasted after grilled to perfection.  The servers are friendly and accomodating. Coffee refills without having to ask. Start your day off right...An egg is not an egg at The Breakfast Joynt. ENJOY...
My favorite meal of the day is breakfast so I have a biased opinion whenever I go to one of these places.  Solid 4 stars.  

Wide open place, seating is uncommonly spread apart.  Decor is cool and inviting.  Service was eh.....ok.  We got there noon on a Friday, place was not full so expected more.

3 Kids were in tow (wifey was at work) and they ordered from the lunch menu.  Burger looked good and got the approval from the kids.  We also ordered the mac and cheese with "fresh" fruit - we will not be ordering this again (I hate it when places make Kraft Mac and Cheese).  The fruit was not fresh.  It was in some liquid, Madi tried it and gagged.

My meal was the "Basic" Breakfast.  2 eggs cooked to order, hash browns, ham off the bone and 2 buttermilk pancakes.  Everything I had was good.  The ham was great quality and the pancakes were very fluffy.  

Some room for improvements - Breakfast is a simple meal, so the condiments like syrup and butter make a difference.  Need real Maple Syrup and butter should be served - Not from a foil container.

They also have a lunch menu and the Monicristo sandwich looks interesting, will be ordering it on my next visit.
5 stars for the category! 

Breakfast Joynt, you had me at sausage gravy.  Lovingly made top quality ingredients sausage gravy.  Fluffy and righteous biscuits.  Done just right bacon...slightly crispy, not a second overdone.  Wholesome pancakes with just the right proportion of flavors of milk, flour, eggs.  Eggs!  Fluffy scrambled eggs again done just right!  Ham!  I will eat it at the Joynt. I will get right to the point!  It is carved off the bone I am eating some now hold the phone.

But wait there's more!  Breaded pork cutlet sandwiches!  Thin, crispy on the outside moist and tender inside.  Turkey club sandwich piled high, fresh and delicious!  French fries perfectly cooked and lightly salted.  The topper?  Baked apple pancakes.  These are very close to apple pie.  There were people at my table actually grabbing the remaining pieces of this by the handful and scarfing (you know who you are).

How did I try so many dishes?  Big table and an event with family-style servings.  Wonderful time.

Even the brewed house coffee was first rate!
Great food, great service, extremely nice people and incredible service.
I almost gave this place just 4 stars.  I had to think long and hard if I would want to go to this place for breakfast as equally as I would want to go to Matt's.  I do!!!  I was really excited to try this place for a regular meal after the OYE here.  Everything was so delicious then and I could only wait with bated breath to finally try the biscuits and gravy that I heard are completely homemade.

I'm always nervous about places that tell you to seat yourself because I have been overlooked so many times.  Not this time though.  Within 30 seconds of sitting down, we were greeted by a server and he took our drink order.  Already knowing that the OJ here is fresh squeezed and delicious, we ordered that.  It's a decent sized glass so I feel like the value is good.  The husband and I both ordered the same thing, biscuits and gravy.  It came with hashbrowns and 2 eggs any way you want it.  We got scrambled and I ordered a side of bacon.  I cannot resist good bacon.  The biscuits and gravy was amazing.  The gravy was smooth and delicious.  It didn't get a nasty skin or congeal-y or anything like that.  There were lots of chunks of sausage in it and the biscuits were super fluffy and tasty.  This is heaven.  A perfect amount of gravy for two perfectly sized biscuits.  The hashbrowns could use some seasoning, but the gravy mixed with them was divine.  The eggs were eggs.

I love this place.  I will certainly be back even though it is rather far from my downtown Phoenix home.  Another plus... we had a complete breakfast dining experience in 25 minutes.  Wow.  Love it.
Good for a standard breakfast.  Nothing really special but good quality food.   Place was very nice and clean and service was good.  I liked the bar seating, this is a place you can go to eat by yourself and not feel out of place (which is a very notable quality for some of us!)
Okay 4 stars for the Joynt.

Troy S. Summed it up best with saying it's "Good for a standard breakfast", because it really is nothing special, picture that "Grease Spoon" place that your dad always used to take you to and take out the flies, ugly staff and shady location. POOF you've got the Breakfast Joynt, everything you've ever wanted in a breakfast place without the cons. 

While maybe one con, let a girl do the decorating, it looks like I decorated the place for christ's sake.
I had very high expectations for The Breakfast Joynt because so many gave it 5 stars, which means "As good as it gets, Woohoo!" according to Yelp.  My experience didn't live up to that but I'm willing to give them another try.

This location was formerly a bar that was transformed into a breakfast restaurant.  The actual bar is still there, with a flat panel TV in the middle, but surprisingly the shelves are still empty all the way up to the ceiling.  They've only been there around 6 months, so maybe this will change as they settle into the location.  It has a very clean, upscale feel to it - something not out of place in North Scottsdale.  It's also easy to find once you're off the 101 onto Raintree, and then north on Northsight... it's on the right and shares parking with Gold's Gym that is easily seen from the road.

I found the eggs to be good, and recommend steering towards the omelet choices.  Being from the South, it wasn't thrilling that the biscuits were somewhat small and square shaped, almost like a little dinner roll.  They have their own style (and they've informed me that they are homemade) but I was looking for something more substantial to be smothered in sausage gravy.  The pancakes were not served hot with the other food items, and they seemed to have settled and were somewhat chewy and elastic.

Menu was rather straightforward and clear with sectioned boxes, with a nice highlight of their featured stuffed apple pancake.  I thought the description of "ham that falls off the bone" was repeated far too many times.

Prices were very reasonable for Scottsdale.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was excellent.  Owners are very concerned about customers with less than a stellar dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family.
If this place were only closer to downtown, I would be there every weekend.  The biscuits and gravy are amazing and simply the best.  The chef is awesome and the service is wonderful.  They do a great job turning over tables and the size of the place keeps it from experiencing a Matt's-like backup outside.  Kudos to you guys at Breakfast Joynt for running such a tight ship.  I'm always impressed by great service from everyone.  We'll be back, without a doubt.
I loved it.  I met the owner at an event in town and he boasted about his off the bone ham, "freshly baked daily" and his sausage gravy, "make it fresh every day with six pounds of sausage."  I was looking for an authentic, stick-to-your-ribs breakfast place and I found it.  The biscuits were ridiculously moist, the gravy was chunky and very flavorful, and the ham (not normally my fav) was cut with a fork tender and really, really good.  

If you are looking for a real, no nonsense, old school breakfast place this is the "joynt".  I will be back.  I may have to start working out a lot more!!
We have now been here twice and the food is really good. It has a small family owned feel to it.  The baked apple pancake thing  and vanilka ice cream is worth it.
1 year later update...
Staff was excellent this time! Food was still ok and really had a better experience this time around. Seems like prices went up but not sure. Owner was cool enough to email me after previous review and I always appreciate a good owner who cares enough about 1 person!




So, I read the reviews on this place and thought we would give it a try. 

We went there on a Sunday, 1:30 pm. 

They were out of the "fresh squeezed" OJ and didn't seem to be willing to make more. Understandable. 

Next, we order coffee. Cold and tasted like it was out all day. Server seemed annoyed that we wanted hot coffee. Again, sorta understandable since they close in 1 hr. 

The food was pretty good. We ordered: 
Side of bacon-- very crispy and delish 
Belgian Waffle- good, but it came very naked- when placing order we didn't specify whip cream. Server was pissed she had to take it back to kitchen. 
Omelet- Pretty good 
Biscuits and Gravy-- AMAZING! 
2 eggs - Great! 

The omelet came with pancakes and we were scared to ask the server to bring them. Towards the end she did, but blamed the whip cream confusion on the mistake. (Whip cream situation was after all the food was brought out anyways). 

$35 for all this. Not shabby. I think the experience would have been better if the server was better. I have been a server before, and I treat all my servers well and I don't send them back every minute. This time we had to. She seemed experienced too. But as a server, the first thing you do is over ask questions so you don't have to run back and forth and irritate the guests. Also, up sell! "Would you like whip cream on that waffle?" 

Also, there was only one other table of people in there. Not busy. 

Will go back again soon to try it out. Maybe around noon-ish.
I would say 4 1/2 stars, but as you may know, I don't round up.
Well, we finally made it back to The BJ (Breakfast Joynt)...right after the March Yelp event at the BJ as promised...well, pretty close to right after the March event at the BJ.
Okay, it's pretty much 1  1/2 months later, and we hadn't been back "up north" at breakfast time. 
As those of you who have ever read (or "scanned") my "reviews" (or scribblings') have surmised, I could almost be classified as "recluse" in my Yelp Personality Profile (you all filled yours out, didn't you?). I just don't get out much!
So it was with some trepidation that I emerged into the sunlight this past Sunday to run a few errands, get a workout, have a little breakfast and then have a little family time. 
Did I say breakfast? 
Why yes I did. 
After a workout that I can only describe as "heroic", we were back in the car and headed home. Once again, according to GPS, someplace in the northern reaches of Scottsdale was right on my way from the Camelback Corridor (or "CaCo") to my home in Old Town Scottsdale (what is finally going to work here...OSco...OTS...OTSco...OTowSco...I just don't know:).
I have to get that GPS fixed...but it did take me to the BJ for breakfast. 
It was nice to get back!
We got there and they were pretty busy, but we were seated within about 5 minutes of arriving. 
Our server was a little bit discombobulated...lot's going on and part of the shift had been sent home, and then they got slammed! But she was sweet and going a hundred miles an hour and since we weren't in any particular hurry, that was not a problem.
I love breakfast...OK, I pretty much love all food, but I really love breakfast and the BJ doesn't disappoint (when has the BJ ever disappointed:).
Let's get back to biscuits and gravy...is what I said to our server. I also had the fresh OJ...tasting like it was being squeezed into my glass directly from the orange:)...I had tasted both items at the Yelp event and they are still terrific! The BJ does a real nice job with sausage gravy (and as you know, there isn't any food that gravy can't improve:)
The Beautiful Carin had an egg white vegetarian omelet that she really enjoyed, and we split a side of ham (ham is a vegetable, right?:). 
Even the coffee was really good! I'm not saying it's D'Lish or Pascucci good, but good, straight ahead breakfast shop coffee:)
David, the owner came out and said "hi" and we said "hi", and...OK, enough verbatim conversation, but it was nice of him to say hello and tell us how much he appreciated the Yelp event and our returning on our own...nice guy!
Since we were in the near reaches of the great northern desert known as NoSco, we had dessert (dessert after breakfast...nice concept:) across the border in the Republic of Sweet...The BJ and ice cream...it just doesn't get better than that:)
The BJ is one of the best breakfast places in town and not nearly crowded enough...yet.
So, get on up to the near far north and add gravy to your life...your cardiologist won't be happy, but you'll thank me:)
Wonderful service and extremely reasonable prices, but the food is just okay. I might be back when I have more time to try the apple pancake (it takes 25 minutes). The owners of this place are apparently from Chicago, so they should be pretty familiar with the famous Walker Bros. apple pancake and hopefully use the same recipe, although that doesn't mean it will be as good.
Sat 1020 no wait, sat straight at the bar,  Really nice interior, was about 1/2 full so it's hard to compare the noise level with Otto's , The Place and der Waffle House but it was markedly quieter than our prior weekends hell this could almost be called hangover friendly. 

Coffee carafe  , yay DIY refills when I need them:)

If your don't like eggs breakfast in the US can be quite trying. Most menus look like a Find/ Replace job of Monty Python's spam sketch. I was gratified to see that while the egg lovers were still taken care of a good selection of sides makes for a pretty cheap breakfast without having to negotiate a substitute for eggs.

Biscuits and gravy:  Nicely done, not gooey or brittle with some decent supporting gravy. Solid but still far from  some happy time I had in NW Georgia ( no really it's possible to have fun in Ga) 

Corned beef hash. Less greasy/ salty than other places but realistically this area seems to be a dead zone when it comes to variety regarding this. 
 
Quick , cheap for the location and worth going back to since I work near here but would I drive 20 mile to get there?  I would on a bike but likely not  in a car ( Yep people that don't ride bikes are now confused:) )
Based on the pretty good breakfast I had with the wifelette on Saturday morning  I thought I would go back for lunch. 

Lunchtime was not that hot,literally. I ordered the country steak and gravy which comes with toast and a green bean casserole. It may seem churlish to rate such a dish because it's country steak  after all but this was the non home made mechanical-animal project for meat reclamation type of steak. Hideously uniform with the kind of bread crumb regimentation only possible with your most OCD robots. At least it was hot. 

The green bean casserole was reheated,depleted and defeated by the time it made my plate.Soggy potato chips were there should have been crisp texture is not an attractive item and I got to two spoonfuls prior to abandoning the deal. Microwaving seemed likely re the hot spots in the dish.

The mashed potatoes were cold  but I could warm them up with the really hot country steak to get a tepid taste sensation going. 

Pretty disappointed. 

Here's why.  Why have two main ingredients that proclaim your quality, the  fresh OJ and the for real ham on-the-bone, and then phone it in with institutional canteen grade casserole, meat and potatoes?  The only saving grace on the steak was the heat and the decent sausage gravy that accompanied it. but alas  2/3 parts of the meal are re or no-heats.
Have heard good things about this place for months. Should have checked Yelp for latest before going and could have ducked the bullet that was chicken fried steak lunch. 
 John P's review said it all.  My lunch was institutional and canned tasting.  The "real" mash potato tasted like it could have been fake with a slick & sticky texture.
May be breakfast would have been better.
Loved it.
8/07
Brunch was a side of one biscuit and sausage gravy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Ip4_yFvx3sz4qMqxl-4mw?select=YLS5RPPN-YOKdeQod58wHg#YLS5RPPN-YOKdeQod58wHg  Tasty!  Next time, I'll ask for the gravy on the side, so that I may try the biscuit without it being soggy.  Will I find Joynt's biscuits to be crispy and flaky on the outside?  Hmm...  I hope!

Delightful service- quick, attentive, and friendly.  Clean restroom.

Can't wait till my next visit to Mayo Clinic so that I may breakfast at the Joynt!  (One might say consuming one too many a plate of biscuits and gravy could hasten one's chances of a visit to the Mayo Clinic.)
I got the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. 

A wise decision indeed.

The bacon is some of the most delicious I have had in a long long time - cut so thick you almost needed a knife. Being from the deep south I can certify that this was legitimate authentic gravy made with the requisite amount of care. Rich, smooth, and savory - I can't say enough good things about it. Eggs and hash browns were both VERY fresh and perfectly cooked. 

My girlfriend had an omelet that had some of the most amazing tender and flavorful ham. Evidently the ham is made fresh in house - it really does make a big difference... the taste is exceptional.

All in all a wonderful place for breakfast or brunch!
I saw so many top reviews for this restaurant and am a big fan of breakfast places so thought we would give it a try instead of our normal Sunday breakfast place Butterfields.  If it was not for the really nice waitress I would have given this a 1 star.  We walked in and stood at the front for about 5 minutes with no one to greet us.  One quick suggestion for Breakfast Joynt is have someone at the front greet people or put up a sign to seat yourself.  It was confusing.

We each had a different breakfast and the 4 of us were disappointed.  The sausages tasted burnt.  Sunny side eggs were overcooked.  Biscuit was really soggy from the gravy.  Coffee was not good.
Our visit certainly didn't start off well, standing ignored in the entryway until I literally flagged down a server to ask if we seat ourselves or what. We then escorted ourselves to a corner table where we sat ignored for over five minutes, to the point of deliberating leaving. But hell, we were hungry. Damn hungry. A frazzled server finally responded to my SO's desperate arm-waving tactics. I'm still not certain why she was frazzled - the place was reasonably busy, but not even full, and there was tons of staff wandering around. 

One sip of the freshly juiced OJ and my SO was sold. It was delicious, fresh and velvety. The menu is basic, and the prices average. I ended up with four-cheese quiche and toast, my SO with bacon, eggs, and blueberry pancakes. The quiche was fluffy and cheesy at once, its texture a little odd but somewhat addictive. The wheat toast was light yet hearty and fatty here sucked down all of it. My SO's bacon looked quite lovely, and he concurred - delicious - and he was over the moon about the pancakes. The coffee was surprisingly good, not requiring three Splendas. tons of cream, and an ice cube to make it edible. 

After we pretty much licked every crumb from the table, my SO went to the bathroom to beautify. The server stopped by and said, "You two are so cute and smiley, so not Scottsdale," in a sad, wistful way. "Nope," I replied, "we're from Phoenix". Poor thing. I tipped her extra for having to deal with snotty Scottsdale pricks all the time.

Downtrodden servers and questionable service aside, the food was delicious and I can bet we'll be back whenever we're back in the land of the cougars and $30K millionaires.
We were in Scottsdale for the week, did a search for nearby breakfast places, and decided to try it based on the reviews.

Let me first preface this by saying our server was very friendly.  No complaints there, she made sure that we were always attended to and the coffees were full.   That being said, otherwise, I was not so impressed with this place.  We settled in after checking the menu, my husband decided that he'd like to order the "Almost World Famous Apple Pancakes".   He orders them, and then was told by our server that they take 30 minutes to make!?!?  Now who would be the jerk to order these among a group of ravenously hungry breakfast lovers.  Not me.  I mean, whats up with that?  30 minutes?  They sounded REALLY good though.  Our server suggested that next time we come in, we call ahead of time.  O...K..... ?  No wonder they are "ALMOST" world famous...I'm sure they "almost" get ordered by many people. 

Anyway, moving on....he decided to order the Apple French Toast (which curiously does NOT take 30 minutes to make) and I ordered the Bacon Belgian Waffle (bacon bits mixed into the batter topped off with some bacon crumbles).  I know, not the healthiest, but it was unique sounding and who can resist bacon?  

Food arrives and it was mediocre.  Some of my bacon was burned which bummed me out...and husbands french toast had a TON of cinnamon on there.  Too much.  Heartburn city!!!

Then....I notice the cook come out from the kitchen making the rounds at each table.  Asking diners, "hows is everything", "hows the omlette", "everything good?"...So now, he makes it over to our table and loudly blurts out "HOW YA DOIN LADY..(ok wait..imagine him saying this but catching himself before he said LADIES...like he ALMOST said how ya doin ladies?!?"  LADIES???? I'm with my husband?!?  Who does NOT look like a lady...I mean not int he least.   I almost choked trying to hold back the laughter.  The cook took one look at my husband and took off...he looked pretty embarrased.  Poor guy!!!  But , shoot...we laughed about it all day!!! "HOW YA DOING LADY?!"  HAHA...I think I should bump up the rating just based on the comedy factor.  
Anyway, overall...meh....food average.  I would have loved to try the Apple Pancakes though!!!
Our family really enjoys this place. I'm a big fan of the corned beef hash and biscuits & gravy while the kids love the pancakes. My son and I love to sit at the breakfast bar when it's just us. As much as we love this restaurant, there are two things I should also mention. First, most of the wait staff are not as friendly or attentive as I would like. Second, other than the egg white omelette, there aren't great options for those of you looking to eat healthy. Bear fans - you'll love the painting of Dick Butkus.
Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was pretty good and the portion size was big for the price. They had fresh squeezed orange juice too. Not the best breakfast I've had but it was good.
We had big plans for the day - hiking in the Scottsdale's McDowell Sonoran Preserve.  Unfortunately, we didn't wake up as early as we thought we would.  And, of course, I prefer to eat, rather than hike.  So because it was late in the morning, we decided to try The Breakfast Joynt.  It was difficult to find, but after being told it was next door to Gold's Gym, I managed to track it down.  

The inside is nice, but the dcor is rather Spartan.  We were told to sit wherever we liked, so we took a seat.  The waitress immediately spotted us, and brought water, and asked if we wanted coffee.  She then brought a large coffee pitcher, which she left at the table.  And real cream.  We decided on the basic breakfast, which consists of two eggs, two pancakes, choice of meat, and  hash browns.  I opted for the bacon (4 slices) and my better half ordered the sausage.  

The meal was better than average.  The eggs were cooked well, and the bacon was perfect.  My wife enjoyed the sausage.  I, of course ate everything (including about 90% of the syrup), but my wife was only able to finish about one half of her meal.  There were lots of pluses that I liked.  The coffee was left at the table; the syrup was in a small pitcher; the waitress was very good;  the bacon was cooked perfectly; and the service was fast and efficient.

The only things I did not like was (1)  the hash browns were very average, and (2) the coffee cups were small and felt like plastic.  I always feel that a breakfast place should have a variety of potatoes - home made hash browns, potatoes O'briens, etc,   and you should have a heavy mug for coffee - especially if it's in the morning and you need something to hang on to.

I will certainly return - but I am still looking for the perfect breakfast place in Scottsdale.
Traditional food, nice service, busy on a Sunday

FOOD
I had an amazing tuna salad on an english muffin w/ fries. Very filling and great tuna- not soggy like some places. Needed more fries though.  
My husband had fluffy pancakes- had some of his and they were yummy.  But he said the eggs and the sausage needed a little help- I'm a vegetarian so I didn't ouch them. 
Our daughter had french toast w/ bacon. Bacon appeared to be crispy, unlike some places that serve practically raw bacon. I was happy to see that my daughter was eating sufficiently cooked bacon.

AMBIANCE
The decor is very simple. Laminate floors, and few pictures/posters on the wall. They could do more with the place and since it's in Scottsdale I would recommend that. Don't come here looking for a quiet place to have a relaxing meal- at least not on a Sunday. 

SERVICE
Since it was busy, we waited about 15-20 minutes to get a table but the host on duty made sure to let us know several times that he hadn't forgotten about us. Once seated, our server was quick to acknowledge us and took our order immediately since she knew we had plenty of time to peruse the menu while waiting. We did have to wait a while for our food but the waitress explained to us that the kitchen was backed up because they were so busy. Overall, we were there a little over an hour- klind of a long time just for breakfast.

OVERALL
I want to come back and during a weekday and try another item from the lunch menu. It was satisfactory for a simple down home meal.
I ate outside here with my family after getting a recommendation from our hotel concierge.  We were vacationing and had our dog with us, and she said that she had just eaten there the day before with her dog.  This was after getting kicked off the Good Egg's outdoor patio on a strip mall because of a corporate policy that doesn't allow dogs. 

The Breakfast Joynt served a good, straightforward breakfast.  Fresh squeezed orange juice, decent pancakes, and a huge bowl of oatmeal.  The service was friendly and quick as well.
I typically come here for lunch even though it is a breakfast spot. What can I say, I love me some breakfast at lunch and dinner. I came here today for lunch and had their $7.95 special with 2 eggs, side of bacon or sausage, hashbrowns, and choice of toast or pancakes. Their hashbrowns are mixed with sauteed diced onions and super yummy. Sometimes, I also get their $8.95 omelet which allows you to choose an unlimited # of toppings AND they do not charge you for doing egg whites. Awesome. Today there was a funky smell that was offputting but there was a sign on the front telling customers of some mechanical issues so maybe that was it. Entertainment book users, there is a couple of 2-4-1 coupon in the book. Good deal!
Still in search of a good breakfast place in Scottsdale, and the Breakfast Joynt left a lot to be desired. First the service was slow but friendly, and because I pay the bill I appreciated the $1.95 for the large glass of chocolate milk for my son and good size cup of hot chocolate for my daughter. As far as my meal the corned beef beef hash was OK nothing special, the hash browns went from burnt on the edges to barely cooked in the middle, sausage gravy and biscuits were good but would of been a lot better had they been served hot. Everything else was just OK. Don't order the "Almost World Famous Apple Pancakes" don't even call ahead (as they suggest) we ordered them knowing that they would take 30 minutes to prepare, so we all ate breakfast and sampled them after our meal. It's just a big bowl of cooked custard with apples. absolutely NO flavor. Don't waste the time or your money.
We went here on a Tuesday morning....Totally empty, not a good sign. I'll admit it, I started getting a little nervous that the food was going to be terrible. 

I was starving....My lap-band had been giving me problems for a week, and I just got done @ the Dr., and I was ready to EAT!! 

The server was @ our table quickly, and brought coffee quick. MMMmmm, happy already! 

I ordered the special. Chicken fried chicken. It was delicious!!! Crispy chicken, smothered in sausage gravy. The eggs were perfectly cooked, over medium. Nothing grosses me out more than runny eggs! Has browns, I just had a bit of. The sourdough toast was big thick texas toast...Had a half of a piece...YUM!!! 

The best part, breakfast for 2, only $24!! Great prices!!
Third time's a charm. After my first and second breakfasts, here, I always said this joynt was on the verge of greatness. The food was just ok...but with one gentle nudge it'd be very good. Sure enough the former cook flew the joynt and in stepped a new guy. What a difference!  On my third visit the scrambled eggs were fluffier. The chicken fried steak was so gen-u-wine it'd bring tears to my Momma's eyes.  And the cream gravy'll make you sop-out your plate with that leftover piece of buttered sourdough toast. Woo doggies, if you've been keepin' your distance from this joynt for the same reasons as me -- get yaself on back here, order up and chow down.
A lot of new places have cropped up in Scottsdale since I left and this was once of them. It came highly recommended by my Mom and my Dad so my Dad took me here one morning. I really liked the restaurant itself and our server was nice, but I must say I wasn't really impressed with the food. I had an egg white scramble, bacon (too fatty and soft) and wheat toast. My Dad had french toast I believe and seemed to enjoy it. Perhaps I just went for the wrong selection. In any event I wouldn't by any means rule it out but I'm not sure that on my limited time/visits I would make a trip back here either.
Very nice breakfast. I had the Biscuts and gravy with eggs and hash browns. I'll be going back to try some of their pancakes and ham. Wait staff attentive.
We were happy to find a place to get a good waffle.  The omelette I ordered was good, I would have preferred the veggies were cooked more.  I didn't think the dishwasher should be answering the phone to give directions either (got me lost), but all in all.  It was an honest to goodness Breakfast Joynt.
Great pancakes!  Great bacon too!  This place is really good.  Kid friendly too.  We had to wait about 10 min or so but not bad because this place is busy,  really busy.  THis is a sign of a good place when everyone goes there.  I would go back.  Give this place a try.  it's worth the wait if you even have to.
This cute little place is located right near my home so i am there for breakfast alot. It never gets old. The people that work there are so friendly and helpful and their service is laid back and wonderful. Everything they serve here is homemade and cooked to perfection. Everything is served so fresh and hot. The breakfast is killer!! Everything you taste will hit the spot and completely satisfy you! Not only do they serve breakfast but they do a alittle lunch as well. The portions are great and everything tastes like perfection. The atmosphere is very comfortable, you will feel very much at home. The food is to die for!!! DIG THIS PLACE!
Auntie Em's biscuits and gravey mmm mmm good!
Deserves to be packed. They serve a huge breakfast  (which I normally dislike), but it was all good. Good service and I will certainly not hesitate to go back.
Low prices and fantastic food. Service is hit or miss but has gotten Consistently better over time. Apple pancakes are great, but the biscuits and gravy are probably the best I've had in the valley. Worth the drive on a Saturday morning.
My family has been going to the Breakfast Joynt since shortly after it opened.  The food is much better quality than any other breakfast restaurant in North Scottsdale.  The service is also very good.  One of aspects is they have a few 'light eaters" options.  You can get an egg, bacon, toast and hasbrowns for $4.95!   I am never disappointed with the food.  In addition, I am very particular on my coffee and this restaurant has high quality coffee.  It is also nice to know you are supporting a family run business and not a large corporate chain.
Went here on a lazy Saturday morning.  Service was great food was great!  They even had healthy alternatives!
All around awesome experience!  Took advice from other reviews and ordeed the very popular bisquits n gravy (w hash browns &eggs).... ok, so I'm picky, I will admit this freely!  If I'm going to pay for a meal w my money AND my hips...it had better be HOW I like it...and damn good!   
One word....YUMM!  They did my eggs and hashbrowns just like I requested (yes, there is a little meg ryan in me...harry met sally...) and the bisquits n gravy were as good as people said!   Service was great.. Sunday morning...wahoo!  No wait!!  Ben was our server.....very prompt, very personable, friendly and a great server!  can't wait to go back!!  
yay!   love new finds, thanks yelp!!
Very cute and homey breakfast stop that seems like it is family run, though I'm not sure. As my bf said, "the age range for ppl that work there were between 16-25 and 50-75",  so probably grandkids, parents, grandparents running it? There are definitely a lot of families and older people that go here, but it's still great food that is average for breakfast prices (although, nothing has come as cheap as Waffle House). 

We had the country fried steak breakfast which came with 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast, and biscuits and gravy with eggs and hashbrowns (no toast). The coffee is also cheap, considering they give you a whole pot and it's only 2 bucks. He said it tasted like diner style coffee and like it. I don't drink coffee so I can't judge on that!
My girlfriend and I went here the other day. The breakfast place we usually eat at called OVEREASY has good food but AWFUL service, and it closes at 1pm. We like to wake up around 1pm, so this doesn't work for us. I found this place on the internet and it's close to my house, so we decided to go for it.

THIS PLACE RULES! They have FANTASTIC service! We were chatting with the waitress Stacy for quite a while, and she was so friendly and helpful. My girlfriend ate the biscuit and gravy, which was a meal in itself, and she loved it. I had the classic eggs, hash browns, sausage patties, and toast. My family is from England, and we love bangers and mash, so I am always skeptical about the sausage at breakfast places, but the sausage patties were very good. Kinda spicy. The toast was thick and delicious.

GO HERE FOR BREAKFAST.
The owner of this place is a really nice guy... plus he's one of the cooks.  The food quality is great and customer service is very friendly.  I'll be back..
Nice local breakfast spot. I have tried it twice now, without overwhelming success - hint: stick to the breakfast menu. I have not given up yet and plan to try it again. For what it's worth - I'll pick it over a chain restaurant any day.

UPDATE! 3rd time was a charm - tried breakfast here on Saturday and really enjoyed myself. Try sitting at the bar too.
I've been back to Breakfast Joynt numerous times since my first experience here, an Official Yelp Event.

They continue to impress with the breakfast grub which is my thing.
Tasty deliciousness! I had apple crepes which were good but I couldn't finish them... It was a hefty portion. Best hashbrowns ever! I always order them crispy and they either always come gooey or burnt, this place got it right and they have onions in too which makes for a yummy flavor. My husband got a build your own omelet which he loved. Coffee wasn't great but decent. All for 20 bucks!!! Good food great price! :)
We had lunch, not breakfast, so maybe I should stick with what they are known form.  Burger, fries and a milkshake.  Really all just okay.  My husband had a tuna melt, and it looked pretty good.

So, my over all opinion is not someplace I feel compelled to return to anytime soon.  Good service, but somewhat generic food. 

Reasonably priced.
I'm not a huge breakfast person but once in a while it's nice to go big in the AM.

I stopped in here one morning this week and enjoyed my visit.

I ordered the "basic" combo which came with two eggs, hash browns, ham and two pancakes.  The hash browns were cooked perfectly, brown, moist but not greasy.  The ham was very good because, as they say on the menu, it was cut from the bone.

The pancakes were good-sized and the maple syrup was great.

Overall, I prefer this place to other breakfast spots such as The Good Egg.
Had the Basic breakfast.  The ham really is great, as were the pancakes instead of toast.  Because of the good biscuits and gravy reviews, I ordered a 1/2 order on the side and was impressed.  I rarely like restaurant gravy (never meaty enough for my taste), and this gravy was really good.

Service was outstanding, they just seemed to go out of their way to make sure everything was o.k.  and seemed genuinely interested in making sure I had a great breakfast experience.

Patio is dog-friendly.
after reading all the reviews i decided to give this place a try, i showed up today with a friend @8.45am. i also had a 6.00 entertainment coupon that i wanted to use. it was please seat yourself as the sign read, we chose the back 4top table by the bathroom area, we could have sat anywhere the place was not busy at all but we wanted privacy. we waited 8 minutes for a cup of coffee and water?, we had the younger gal waiting on us, it took another 7 minutes to order. i had the basic, my friend had the 3 egg omelet. it took 20 minutes to get our food and other customers were getting their food after we ordered. i was under the impression it was large portions of food that you need a doggy bag to take with you, i get more hash browns at ihop???. i had the french toast as a side, my friend had pancakes, both were luke warm to cold and the butter, when we asked for it, didnt even melt. the main entree's were so so, just basic. nothing really to brag about. we finally cashed out @9.55, we were no longer gonna wait for a refill on coffee or a glass of water. i would like to hear from david and his thoughts once he verifies i was their
Great food at great prices.  Even my pickiest friends enjoyed the breakfast.  While I don't think they have a big selection, what they do have is good and their portions are generous.
We ate here for the first time this morning.  The food was better than average, the portions were generous and the service was both fast and friendly.  

After seeing that their sausage gravy is made from scratch every day, I had no option but to try it.  It didn't disappoint.  It was creamy and delicious but not overly greasy or heavy like sausage gravy can so easily be.  The omlette my husband and I shared was tasty and the veggies were fresh and plentiful.  Our daughter's pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked and very tasty.  

Anytime we do a sleepover at grandma's in north Scottsdale, this is a sure bet for breakfast!
i gotta say, as i like to try new places i was looking forward to a good sit down meal....and based on the other reviews i was expecting more.  i got the special which was a ham and onion frittata, it was tasty.  so my complaints are not for that.  the side dish was fruit.  drowning in juice.  making it all sort of soft and with the same taste.  so ...meh.  
my roommate got the biscuits and gravy.  the eggs were EXTRA runny....like not cooked quite enough runny.  and the hasbrowns, while  EXTRA crispy (like we asked for) came out also EXTRA cold.  so overall the place itself was nice...spacious, cozy even.  the staff were friendly and on point.  but for a breakfast place the food did not really deliver.  i'd go again, in a pinch and hope for something more
Free wifi. Average service. I like my hash browns and bacon crunchy, so make sure you tell them if you do too (I didn't).
My wife and I recently moved to Scottsdale and have been trying out the breakfast places around town. We decided to try the Breakfast Joynt based on mostly positive reviews.

I can only give this place 2 stars at best. My wife had pancakes which were very heavy, the strawberries were under ripe and butter is served in little plastic tinfoil cups which is pretty lame. Who wants to spend 15 minutes buttering their pancakes?

I had 2 eggs and biscuits & gravy. I seldom order this but there are VERY limited selections on the menu. The biscuits were dry and hard and the eggs were not cooked over easy as ordered but rather the yolks were medium-well. The hash browns were okay.

The coffee is very weak and not recommended.

Overall, our meal was $25...way over-priced for what we ordered. Also, due to the crowd, we felt rushed by the waitress. I would suggest heading a few miles over to Butterfields-Twice the food, better service and better quality.
Came here on a Saturday morning and already a line was forming out the door. While waiting to be seated, people kept pouring in. I'm thinking "Man this place must be good!" The wait wasn't too long but food took a while...reason for the four stars. We ordered the country fried steak, eggs benedict and a side of biscuit with gravy.  Mmmmm...the wait was well worth it. Best bacon I've had. I kid you not. This bacon had a different texture, cut and taste. Country fried steak was crispy and the gravy on top made it out of this world. Eggs Benedict was tasty and the hollandaise sauce was not over powering. Great breakfast to get my Saturday started. Give it a try but be prepared to wait.
Love it! 
Yummy Omlettes, pancakes and the overall service. Despite being very busy, they we re sure to serve with a smile and not rush us through.  Their portion size is perfect for one person or to share for 2 moderate eaters.  

My only disappointment was with the fruits on pancake- usually I like the pancakes topped with my choice of fruit (like topped while cooking, so fruit doesn't fall off the pancake). Here, i was given the berries etc. I wanted on a side in a cup to top it myself....ah- that is not going to make me stop from going again, just a preference not met.

A must go in the area and I love the joynt!
Recommend by a friend, greeted by the owner as we walked into the place and it seemed a little busy.... all good signs.  We had a party of seven so it took about 15 minutes to get a table.  I should have known better than try to do breakfast  before our soccer game.  

There was a huge bday party that was in there, and our waitress got triple sat.  Unfortunately, this means breakfast took forever to arrive even though we ordered the minute we sat down.  Service was nice but not real fast or efficient.  Food was the highlight of the visit, but I am not sure how great it is b/c we inhaled it to get to the game. 

We may give it another try... maybe.
Long wait, poor service, cold food, bad food...need I say more?  To make things worse, no one even attempted to say they were sorry.  Tried the restaurant due to purchase of a Groupon -- wasn't worth the money I paid for the Groupon.  Obviously will never return.
Went to the Breakfast Joynt today for breakfast and we weren't too thrilled.  The service wasn't great, but I am sure it was due to how busy it was.  For how crowded it was, it was just a typical breakfast.  I had an egg, bacon, hash browns, and an english muffin.  My husband had the pancakes and so did my Grandma.

Nothing special and not worth the hype.  If you're looking for a standard breakfast served hot, this is a good place; but if you are looking for quicker service and something different, I would go somewhere else.
Breakfast Joynt deserves a quick review just because my experience yesterday was slightly different than another review I read here.  I had the blueberry pancakes, and in addition to blueberries on top, there were ample blueberries in the pancake itself.  Just the way I like it and delicious.  Next time I go there it'll be tough to decide between having those pancakes again and trying the eggs benedict.

The service was fine, and it was cheaper than the other two breakfast places I've been this week, Perk & Breakfast Club.  

Choosing a favorite would be tough for me.  Breakfast Club, U.S. Egg,  and Good Egg have better outside seating and the former has IMHO the best blueberry pancakes and the best omelets , but you often pay for it in $ and waiting time.  Butterfields, JP Pancake, and Original Pancake House have more exotic fare (e.g. German Pancakes) but no outdoor seating.  I'd reserve Perk for days when I want southwest flavor, Good Egg for healthier fare, and Denny's for a real bargain.  I guess that leaves First Watch as OK, but with no real reason for me to go there.
Love this place! Fresh eggs, homemade hash browns, fresh squeezed orange juice, delish thick bacon, very reasonable prices....
I could probably buy the ingredients to cook my own breakfast, cook it, wolf it, and start on the dishes in the time in takes to get served here.

I also found out after eating here that they've come up a few times with 3 or more health code violations. Last month: SIX VIOLATIONS.
Updated to three due to owner comment. Thanks for that.
I COME HERE **WAY** TO OFTEN!!! 

I always ALWAYS get the same thing EVERYTIME (sad I know)... but it's the 3 Egg Build Your Own Omelet with EVERYTHING in it! I love it because it like having 20 different omelet taste experiences all at once!!! One bite your get a mouth full of bacon, the next broccoli, the next chorizzo, etc, etc. The omelets are HUGE! The potato's on the side are great, as is the pancakes. 

Before you go here.... shop around on Restaurant.com, LocalDines, Groupon, etc.... there are ALWAYS coupons for the Breakfast Joynt!


Most of the servers have been there a while, and you get that certain "regular" feel that makes you feel at home.... you know when that happens when your server knows exactly how you like your eggs cooked... and can convey that to the cook!

There is an iHop literally a block away.... but as far as comparisons... its a world apart! 

Support your local business!!!  Nuff Said! See you at the Joynt!
Their food always tastes homemade and the omelets are fantastic.  I would definitely recommend the biscuits and gravy as well.

I've read some comments on here about the service, but we have been there over a dozen times and never have had a bad experience. It does get really busy on the weekends but as long as you're patient and you don't go into there expecting McDonald's like speed, you shouldn't be let down.
My bf and I drove in from "the city" lol and met some friends here for brunch.  We didnt have to wait long to get seated which was great.  The waitress came and took our drink order and right away she didnt seem too thrilled.  So I ordered an omelet and asked for turkey sausage instead of the toast or pancakes it came with, she looked at me like I was asking for a cure to cancer and proceeded to tell me that I would have to be charged full-price.  Well duh, I kinda figured and since I asked it was probably ok.  Needless to say, we waited 30 mins to get our food, which we had to ask her for.  My omelet was cold, I didnt get the turkey sausage I had ordered but she did add it to the check.  Thank god we had a groupon or else it would have been a total loss.  The Breakfast Club in Old Town is better!
I was excited about trying a new, local breakfast place, and I have to say the Breakfast Joynt didn't disappoint. There was a bit of a wait when we got there, but it moved really quickly and the server and hostess were both extremely friendly! I had fresh squeezed OJ (so delicious) and their California Benedict. The hash browns were pretty good, and the benny was very tasty, except 1 of the eggs was overcooked. The other one was perfectly poached and deliciously runny. Their hollandaise is homemade and the bacon was amazing. The fiance got chicken fried steak and i could stop stealing little bites. the gravy was to die for!

For a local "dive" it was really good, though they did seem a little unorganized and i really do hate it when the eggs in your benedict are overcooked. For that, i have to dock a star.
I tagged along for breakfast this lovely Saturday morning to The Breakfast Joynt because my friend bought a Groupon.

The Joynt was a bit hard to find, as it is tucked into a shopping center, but my guess as to where it might be ended up being correct. (Maybe there was a sign near Northsight or Raintree, but I didn't see it.)

When my friend and I walked into the Joynt, no one greeted us. I didn't see a sign stating that guests should seat themselves, so we pretended to be cool and read the whiteboard of specials until a kid about the age of 14 picked up some menus and pointed to an empty table. Yay for nonverbal communication? I completely agree with Jay F.-- the Joynt needs a sign stating to seat yourself or a greeter.

When seated, a somewhat cheery waitress came and asked for our drinks. We both ordered the fresh squeezed OJ. (I read on Yelp that the OJ was great, so I decided to try it.) The OJ came in a small glass and had absolutely no pulp. It tasted like some Minute Maid product that rolled out of a vending machine. Definitely not worth the $2.99 price tag. The waitress (no clue what her name is because she didn't tell us) asked for our food orders, but I wasn't ready, so she left and didn't come back for a good 5-7 minutes. 

We ordered the waffle and two eggs (scrambled) and the California Benedict and sausage. I disliked my breakfast. The eggs tasted like military powdered eggs that you add water to while in a combat zone. (Those Ready to Eat Meals with the 25 year shelf life.) The waffle was tough and chewy, akin to eating rubber. I wish I could have said something to my waitress but she didn't come back until after the bus boy took away the plates-- not even a stop five minutes into the meal to see if we needed anything, thus no proof of the awful meal. 

However, my friend really liked his meal. He liked that the sausages weren't prepackaged rounds, but rather looked as if the cook formed the patties in the kitchen. His poached eggs were cooked perfectly and he really liked the avocado and tomato on his Benedict. 

The Groupon was the best part, but I agree with other two-star reviews like that of Tori B., Daniel E., Ron R., Jay F., and J. S.: "Meh. I've experienced better."

TL;DR Nothing special and not worth the hype or the price.
I've eaten late weekday breakfasts here a few times now.  Breakfast Joynt has made even this breakfast hater a fan.  It's hard to say what one thing did it for me - the servers that have both great personalities and are efficient, the pancakes (and I don't even like pancakes much), the thick chewy bacon...OK, maybe it was that bacon.  Or is it that this place is so un-Scottsdale even though it's in the heart of attitude central.  

The only drawback might be the non-breakfast items, because my dining partners weren't thrilled with the monte cristos they got, and the burger looked good but not great.  

So to give readers some unsolicited advice, stick to the breakfast items, don't order OJ when oranges aren't in season, don't feel bad if you don't already know you're supposed to seat yourself - everyone does it, and look for the Breakfast Joynt at the back of the strip mall behind Javino's and next to Gold's Gym.
I've eaten at the Breakfast Joynt three times so far, take out once and dine in twice.

The restaurant itself reminded me of a diner, tables in the middle and booth seats with tables around the edge.  Outdoor seating for when it's not outrageously hot outside.  You seat yourself which I don't love but I'm a fool for delicious food so I can live with self-seating.

Take out dishes:  California benedict (husband), multigrain waffle for me, we both had bacon and hash browns.  He LOVED the benedict.  The eggs traveled surprisingly well, still runny enough for him when he got back to the house.  My waffle wasn't super hot but this is always my experience with take out waffles.  A quick trip to the toaster oven and I was back in business.  I must say, I was concerned because multigrain seems to = sickly sweet in many places...not so here, it was delicious!  Bacon was awesome (I always order bacon extra well done), what a flavor!  Hash browns were delicious as well.

Dine in dishes: California benedict (husband) on both trips despite the fact he swore he was going to try the benedict with sausage on the second trip.  I had the pancakes and then the BLT.  Benedict was loved both times.  I thought the pancakes were excellent.  The BLT was off the hook.  Big thick slices of whole wheat, loaded with their delicious bacon (extra well done) and crinkle cut fries.  Each time they brought a big carafe of coffee and we also enjoyed a freshly squeezed glass of grapefruit juice.

I like the fact that they have several side options with the BLT though they had me at crinkle cut fries.  

They do not take American Express which is weird but not the end of the world.  Our server was friendly, almost too friendly but that's just me.
Like many people, breakfast is my favorite meal. I've been to many of the seemingly limitless choices of breakfast restaurants throughout the valley and I have never had an experience that would deter me from a repeat visit...until today.

First, a recommendation. Turn on the AC when it's 100 degrees outside! My girlfriend and I felt like we were in a sauna. Uncomfortable to say the least. Wondering what temp they keep the thermostat at led us to look at the air vents. Wow, caked on dust/dirt that was pitch black in color. I immediately wondered how much of that makes its way on to the customer's plate?

On to the food. I ordered an egg white omelette with broccoli and asparagus. I receive my omelette without broccoli. Their solution to this gaffe, you ask? A bowl of steamed broccoli...such a weird solution I didn't even say anything. And to make it worse, nobody seemed to care about it! No apology, nada, zip....

Server was sweet and nice but everything else was so bad that my only recommendation is to drive another mile down the road and get your eggs somewhere else.
Wow what a tasty breakfast. The eggs Benedict with ham off the bone was delicious. The hashbrowns were grilled with onions and gave it a wonderful flavor. The bacon was crisped to perfection. Pancakes were fluffy. The only bummer was they didn't bring butter and syrup til the pancakes were cold enough to not melt the butter. Overall a very tasty experience. We may come back before the end of our vacation stay at the Fairmont.
I've been here three times.  I keep trying to be satisfied, but I always seem to be disappointed.  Maybe in the winter when it's cool enough for the patio, I can bring my dog and it might be redeemed a bit.
Food is average. Omelets are thin and meh.  Biscuits and gravy are good. Coffee is fine.  Service is sketchy.  I've had great and I've had horrible.
Absolutly the BEST breakfast ive had in the Phoenix area...so far.
Off the bone ham, homemade hash browns, fresh eggs and fresh squeezed orange juice, wonderful french toast, and yummy omelettes are offered on their menu, as well as a host of other items. 
There usually is a wait, but it's well worth it! 
Fast, friendly servers make this a breakfast spot to visit!
Best homemade corned beef hash I've tasted in Phoenix! =)

Visited this place as we were in the area and had groupon for it. Hubbie and I shared, as we always try to do, a special on that day that includes homemade corned beef, whole wheat pancakes, eggs, sausage and hash brown. Pretty good serving for us and we came out full. The best part of the combo was the corned beef, very tasty! If I come back, I will definitely have corned beef again! =) It was pretty busy at 930ish, service was fast and good. Since we have a groupon for this, we only paid the tax and tip which was a good deal! 

Nice breakfast place tucked in this complex where you can quietly meet with friends and families for a nice breakfast. Will absolutely try this place again! =)
Went here on a Groupon to try it.  WOW! Super friendly and courteous staff! A++++ Tried the country fried steak-it was better than I expected!  Not rubbery or overly greasy.  Good gravy.  I am spoiled by the CFS that I've eaten in Dallas, but this was as good as I've had here so far. This place blows Over Easy away!  We also tried the french toast, which I thought was just decent, and of course we were already soooo full from the CFS. It is more than enough for 2. Next time we will share it.
I was really excited to give this place a try after getting a groupon.  The staff was friendly, the place was packed, and the food was good.  

I will be willing to eat at this restaurant again, but as of now, not my favorite breakfast place.  I had the chicken fried steak and it was just so-so.  Not the best, but not the worst.  Overall though, seems like a good place and I will try it again sometime.
Best breakfast around, the food is fresh, high quailty and actually gets love during preparation.  It's like every detail is covered for the highest quality.  But guess what?  Low prices too...unbelievable.  Lunch is awesome, and they'll do some great custom catering and events in the evening too:)  Enjoy.
Although my previous experiences were 5 star experiences, lately, the Breakfast Joynt has been disappointing. Very disappointing...

Today's breakfast broke the camel's back, so to speak: for the second time I had to send my eggs back due to improper cooking, and pretty much everything on my plate was below average.
In addition, although very nice, the wait staff was largely hanging out in back, and not in the front of the house checking on the few customers that were dining. 

I know this establishment is capable of doing better. I've tasted it. Whether there is someone new in the kitchen, or they're simply not paying attention, it shows a slip in their food, and let's face it, if it's not right and tasty, there are dozens of other places to go for breakfast. 

My ham today tasted as though it had fallen into the syrup today and it wasn't that yummy brown sugar type of sweet that you would expect on ham. 
In addition, our hash browns were largely uncooked, but flash burned on the grill. 
English muffins that weren't toasted nearly enough, and eggs cooked incorrectly.

I'm disappointed in the Breakfast Joynt. Hopefully, they'll clean up their act. Until then, I'm returning to Chompies for breakfast, where I know that I'll get great food consistently...
Great service and outstanding breakfast. What else do you want?! You can even take your pup and eat outside or just have tour cup of Joe. Recommend to anyone in the northern Scottsdale area.
Eh..nothing to write home about at this place.  Everything seemed to take a long time. Not sure if it was the servers fault or the kitchen. The servers were very friendly and chatty about the food. The food was mediocre at best.   Coffee was barely warm. Don't know if I'd come back.
Looks like the reviews are averaging to a 3.5 for this place which seems spot on to me. Yummy little breakfast place tucked into a boring Scottsdale strip mall. There is a Gold's Gym next door so if you sit on the patio you get a lot of interesting cross traffic...

As to the food, it's really really good. My wife has been a few times and raves about it. I tried it today and had the eggs benedict. They were perfectly done and I loved them. The side of hash browns was small and disappointing. Their coffee was good, they don't do a latte and don't take Amex. Service was excellent. We'll be back, for a breakfast place it was superb.
My boss took us here for breakfast.  I had an omlet and it was gross.  It was very dry and rubbery.  According to the menu I thought I was just getting an omlet.  But, they put hashbrowns on the plate (hashbrowns looked burned).  And I also received extremely buttery toast.  And a lady kept trying to bring pancakes to our table (even though no one ordered pancakes).  Another person in our party ordered sausage with his meal, but received bacon.  After we finished eating, I was wishing we would've gone to IHOP.
Have been here several times and so far, only one dish was OK: the pasta dish under Health Conscious. All the other dishes have been disappointing, including the Fruit Crepes which I had today, the omelette which was overcooked, the pancakes which have been tasteless. For breakfast, I would be better off going to IHOP.
Service was friendly but slow, like bumped her head too hard slow... too many errors for such a small breakfast order.  Food was okay.
Very good food with huge portions.
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service. We had been there last year and it was pretty good but something has happened. It wasn't busy at all and now we know why. I ordered BLT on sourdough - got it on wheat, my husband ordered a burger medium and it was almost raw. The lettuce tasted and looked old, the crinkle fries are ok for frozen.The side of fruit was rubbery and tasteless. Don't think we will return.
Good prices. Polite and fast service. Great experience. Yummy Eggs Benedict.
This place is horrible. My bf and I stopped here because we had a groupon but it wasn't worth it. We watched as other people got seated before us even though our name was on the list. It took about 10-15 mins to get waited on and then almost an hour to get our food. Our waitress didn't stop to check on us once or apologize for the wait. The people next to us were being completely ignored by their waitress and waited an hour for food as well. It took forever as well to get the check. Maybe they should be better prepared for a Saturday morning. You couldn't pay me to come back here.
Sorry to say Sunday breakfast wasn't as good as my other experiences.  The host did a great job managing the crowd and got us seated quickly and our waiter was super nice.  However, it took almost a half hour to get our food with no updates from the waiter.  My usual pancakes were good, but the teeny-tiny packets of butter became really annoying when I went through all (about) 10 they gave me and still needed more butter.  The swedish pancakes at the table were deemed flavorless.  For whatever reason, the $3.99 side of bacon consisted of 3 pieces that were horribly shriveled to about 3/4" x 5".  That's over $1 per disappointing slice.  Eh-they were really nice, so I'll give them one more chance.
This place was close to the timeshare we are staying while on vacation. We wanted a homestyle breakfast and found the Breakfast Joynt. My wife had eggs Benedict with off the bone ham. It was fantastic. We split a 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy. As a southern bred I expect really good biscuits and gravy. These were good but not stellar. For my breakfast I had the Basic with thick cut bacon. All items were very fresh and tasty. I'd recommend this place!
I only had the waffles and egg combo and it wasn't anything special. It was on par with a Dennys or an I-Hop. The ambiance of the place is real nice and the servers are friendly. 

Maybe if I tried something else I'll be blown away, but for now, it's two stars ("I've experienced better") for me.
So good! A lot of food. The server was so nice and enthusiastic. I think her name is Shelly. The ambiance was nice. Pancakes are delicious. This is our new breakfast spot!
Friendly servers, quick seating on the weekends (with the option to sit outside), and very fast service. Different servers checked in with me multiple times to make sure I was taken care of. My only real complaint was the coffee was not piping hot and just so-so... but other than that, a good option for standard American breakfast.
Breakfast Joynt and I got off on the wrong foot when I was forced to wait 15 minutes for coffee. I get it, it's Sunday morning and the waitress had a lot of balls (or waffles) in the air but under no circumstance should a breakfast customer wait 15 minutes for coffee. It's just unacceptable. It's an even worse business strategy to make ME wait 15 minutes for coffee when I'm hungry. I'm a real bear that way.
BUT, once the coffee pot landed and we got our orders in the food came out very fast and it was amazing. Probably the best eggs Benedict I've had in years. I ordered them California-style with avocado and bacon. The avocado was ripe and the bacon was crisp. Eggs were poached to perfection and I was given just the right amount of Hollandaise. As a bonus, Breakfast Joynt weaves caramelized onion into their hashbrowns. Big league move, that is. 
I'm strongly considering making the Breakfast Joynt a post-church Sunday staple.
Great Omlette and friendly servers.
I had the "angus" chicken fried steak, eggs, toast, and hashbrowns for breakfast today. Meh. The eggs were cooked right. That was it. The hashbrowns were undercooked and almost raw in someplaces, the chicken fried steak tasted like it was fried in grease that has been used for 4 weeks straight. The toast was big and soggy and only lightly toasted on one side. I won't be back.
I had been to the Breakfast Joynt once several years ago. It was not terribly memorable but there was a really great Groupon available on this particular day and the lunchtime crew and I were in the mood to eat out.  On the surface the Joynt seemed like it would meet all our lunch time needs. Close proximity to the office-check. Breakfast and standard lunch fair-check. Good pricing (especially with the Groupon)-check and check. After much deliberation with my lunchtime crew we headed over. 

As soon as we entered we were greeted by a friendly gentlemen and we selected a table.The atmosphere is nice and relaxing, though the decor is a bit confusing (Chicago memorabilia plus Packers and Vikings stuff?)  I chose the egg salad sandwich and we all ordered. That's when things went downhill. Though our waitress was generally friendly, service was incredibly slow. So slow, in fact, that we overheard the table next to ours complaining about the same thing. Suddenly our "quick" lunch break turned into something much less quick. 

Once our food arrived we were all generally pleased. The food was tasty. However it had taken so long to arrive that we immediately asked for our check and fumbled for our wallets with one hand while eating with the other. 

Overall the food was fine, but the super slow service makes me wonder if this isn't a better place to phone in a to go order, rather than dining in.  Maybe we will hit this place up again when we are in the mood for a lunch hour that is a bit more leisurely in it's pace. 

PS-Avoid the ranch dressing. It will not meet your french fry dipping needs!
I've been here a few times for breakfast and have to say that the food is ok, but nothing to rave about to the neigbors. I usually get the omlete with onions, green peppers and ham (Denver Omlete). 

Lunch is not the greatest either. I had the monte cristo last time I was here and it pales in comparison to other monte cristo sandwiches I have had locally (Blue32).

I would rate the breakfast side about 3 1/2 stars and the lunch side of the business 2 1/2 stars so the Breakfast Joynt gets an average score of 3 out of 5 stars in my opinion.
I live close by so I keep coming back but this may be my last time. The food is really good - the service however is slow and disorganized.  It was 25 min after I ordered when I asked when it might be ready. The people sitting around me were having the same issue - very disappointing!
We received some free entree coupons in our office the other day and decided to give this place a shot. I had the biscuits and gravy combo with hash browns and they were great. The hash browns were obviously made from fresh cut potatoes, the biscuits were definitely not from a box and the gravy was excellent. The lemonade is dead on, not too sweet and not too sour.

Our server was very friendly and helpful when it came time to providing suggestions. The general atmosphere was pleasant and inviting.

Those who put this place on par with Denny's or IHOP obviously haven't been to either in a while. The food is much better, the dining area more pleasant, and the prices right on point.

We will definitely be coming back here to fill the breakfast for lunch cravings instead of the IHOP just down the road.
I originally went to Breakfast Joynt when I moved to the neighborhood and I am always looking for a good breakfast place.  

The place is on the smaller side for its location and it can get crowded.  I have had to wait 45 minutes to be seated on a weekday!  

The selection is moderate, from your regular breakfast staples, like steak and eggs to the build your own omelet, which you can have as many toppings as you like at no additional charge, which is nice.  

The Biscuits and Gravy and Chicken fried Chicken are amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  

The portion size are moderate, which is nice to not be served enough food for a small village for one. 

The service, while extremely nice, can be VERY slow.  This place is more leisurely when it comes to service so do not go here if you are in a time crunch.  

The prices are good, especially with the Groupon promotions they run pretty regularly   and they have this "Belly" app that you "check in" and earn points towards a free meal which is also a bonus. 

While there seems to be a plethora of breakfast establishments none that are locally owned, operated and serve the food made to order, which is a nice change at the Breakfast Joynt.  

There is seating outside, which is nice and they also offer wi-fi, which is a bonus.  

The decor is a bit odd, with Chicago skylines, Bears and Vikings and Packers paraphernalia about the place.  There is also one TV that only half of the restaurant can view as the other half has its back to it.
Agree with others that the service here can be spotty.  We've had both good and bad meals here as well.  There is not a lot of competition in the immediate area so this place probably gets a wider room for error than most.  Overall I'd say you get a pretty good value eating here and the casual atmosphere on the patio is enjoyable, but if they don't start delivering a more consistent experience it will be just another business to revolve through this building.
Love the pulpy orange juice, appreciate the coffee carafe.

Ordered the chicken-fried steak and eggs, with a biscuit and side of gravy.

Steak was a tad bit tough, probably the cut rather than the cooking. Gravy was very good, excellent texture and mouth feel, good flavor. Biscuit was great, eggs were well prepared.

Free WiFi is nice.

The location dictates I'm not likely to return, but it was nice.
Been seeing Groupons for this place and wanted to try it for awhile. First time I attempted to go, the outdoor area had a lot of people so I figured it was a great place to eat!  Hmmm.   What a disappointment....

When we came in, it was not crowded at all.  We sat down and our order taken by a friendly server.  Good menu choices.  However, maybe 20 minutes later, our food had not arrived yet.  I noticed that everyone's order around us had not arrived yet either.  Finally the lady next to use got her food, complained that she waited this long  for a very small portion of quiche, the server apologized and left and the lady was so upset, she left thereafter!

Our server came & apologized for the food delay after waiting for 30 minutes!  He said the food inspector was in the kitchen.  Ten minutes later, all the tables were served and we were still waiting.  Finally our food came and my omelet was watery, hash browns too dry and no butter or syrup for my pancakes.  I asked another server for the syrup & pancakes but she didn't bring them right away and I had to ask again!
When she finally brought them over, the butter was melted, liquid like....

In all fairness, the servers were all nice.  Seems like a family ran restaurant which is the type I like to patronize.  However, they need to improve their service.  Our server never came back, I had to ask for our check from the lady server and then was overcharged.  She corrected it.  

When we finally left, we had been there for more than an hour.  I felt like I was in a zone...  All we wanted was a nice relaxing breakfast.  Hmmm...   Sorry peeps but no good recommendation for this place.
Don't bother buying the groupon for this place. I'm going to bullet point because I could rant for paragraphs.
* Ordered the "special of the day - Apple French Toast" it was dry, unappetizing, and had 2 limp apple slices saturated in cinnamon on top. It was a sea of brown.
*Eggs were soggy and only hot sauce made it edible.
*Bacon was the best thing on my plate and cooked right. 
*Eggs Benedict had tasteless hollandaise sauce and I could have made a better version at home.
*As people left the waitress kept telling them she hopes they come back: ergo she knows the food was bad and shouldn't.
*My groupon had expired and I was just trying to use the cash value of it (like the fine print said I could) and the waitress actually TOOK MY CELL PHONE WITH HER INTO THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT WITHOUT ASKING ME instead of getting the manager to come out and look at the groupon where we were seated. When she did return she lectured me that next time they wouldn't take it except on family meals like the groupon was intended for. I didn't want to use the full $45 value, I wanted to use the $22 I had paid for it on our bill of $21.65. I almost told her don't worry, because there will NEVER be a next time.
We had a groupon and tried to go few weeks ago. The wait turned us back. This time, we arrived before 9am on sat. Was busy but they sat us w/in minutes. 
The waiter was polite although busy. 
Little long on the wait for food but it was busy. 
We each got the eggs,pancakes, Bacon so it wasn't a dish u can really mess up. Good yet not fantastic. 
Overall decent place yet not sure if will go back. Our dish was less than $7 yet most of the prices ranged from $8-12.
Nice place!  The servers, and staff are all very friendly.. The food was really good!  My favorite is the chocolate crepes... My husband had the Joynt Benny, and he really liked that.  My kids had strawberry french toast and pancakes and the whole group was happy..  It's a busy place, but worth the time, and wait.  The owner even came to our table to make sure we were all enjoying our meals.. Family place and I can recommend.
Hands down the best breakfast I've ever had, anywhere. It definitely feels like home cooked breakfast. I've never been to this place on the weekend when it isn't packed out the door. I'm not the only person that loves this place!
2 stars for the food. 5 BIG Stars for the service.  Our waitress was fantastic.

The main draw for us was that it is dog friendly. We were a party of 6 with 3 dogs and they happily accommodated us for a relaxed and leisurely breakfast.  Our waitress quickly brought our dogs a big bowl of water and a giant carafe of excellent coffee for the humans. The coffee & the service were definitely a high-light of the morning.  The food was just okay. We really didn't like the soggy hash-browns and my wife detested her omelette. Although, most of our guests did enjoy their breakfasts.

Even though we were a bit disappointed with the food, kudos to this place for the service, dog-friendly setting and great coffee. Those parts made us really happy! We'll definitely return and try something different next time.
I always believe in second chances so my wife and family decided to try the BJ again after an extremely slow and bland   experience a few months ago.  We arrived this am, are seated and the staff was obviously overwhelmed.  Waited 20 minutes to be acknowledged and our order taken.  Food comes and the special was an apple French Toast, eggs and bacon.  Since when do you put apple cinnamon cream sauce on French toast not o mention undercooked all of the bacon.  Terrible (and I was not the only one at the table thinking it was terrible). Hare to say it, but there will not be another chance.  We tried!
Went for breakfast on Saturday at 10:30am. Expected a long wait but got served within 10 minutes. Service was excellent and food was yummy. I had an omelet with bacon and Swiss which was excellent. My wife had Benny Florentine and enjoyed it. My son had a breakfast burrito.  Would definitely return. Recommended if your in Scottsdale AZ and want breakfast to check this place out. They did have outside seating for those who can't eat without their dog by there side. Canine friendly.
It needed to close
Never learned about customer service!
Pretty solid breakfast spot.

I ordered the California Benedict & Ryan ordered pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were gigantic; no idea how anyone could finish all 3. My meal was good, definitely different than any other Benedict I've tried. All good, just nothing that knocked our socks off.

No wait at 10a on a Sunday morning + Packer memorabilia + good service + good food = A-OK.
Some highlights
- Loved the special of the day: red velvet pancakes breakfast with cream cheese topping. YUM YUM YUM
- Corned beef hash is canned and not homemade :( sad face
- Fried Chicken breakfast is a huge portion- tasted really well but definitely sad that they only have sausage gravy. Would love it if they could offer a non pork gravy for the non oink eaters. 

Overall, it was delicious, simple menu, great service (Thanks to Waitress Kelly she was really nice) and would much rather support local eateries than Ihop or Denny's anyday.
My wife and I are in Scottsdale for a short vacation, and we stumbled upon the Breakfast Joynt this morning.  There was a wait when we arrived, so I thought that was a good sign.  

We sat in the bar area, and overall we had a good breakfast.  My wife had the California Benedict, and I had an omelette.  The food was good, but our waiter was a little distracted - maybe because we were on the edge of the bar area and not in the direct line of fire. 

I liked the football decor on the walls and the big flat screen in the bar area.

In general, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good solid meal at a reasonable price.
We are regulars at this place.  The food is very good, as are the portions.  The restaurant is clean, open and airy, and there is a patio outside for the appropriate time of the year.

The owner, David, is usually there and "manages by walking around".  The staff is both friendly and competent.

Try it, you'll like it!
This restaurant seems to have a split personality.  When they are good, they are very, very good.  Friendly service and well-prepared breakfasts (the Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Fried Chicken were two favorites).  However, after nearly half of the times I have visited, I asked myself why I keep coming back.  Perhaps, like some sort of dysfunctional relationship, I only want to think of the 'good times' and hope that the rest gets better?  

The Eggs Benedict is a hit or miss - I never know if my dish will show up with cold, rock hard yolks and practically raw hash browns.  The Breakfast Fried Chicken (served with eggs as well as a choice of toast or pancakes) is a good choice, but recently, the portion size has decreased while the price was raised (yes, we noticed the smaller plate).  Service is consistently inconsistent - it can either be attentive, or nonexistent.

Yes, the place gets busy, but that isn't an excuse for a 45+ minute wait for food (while being completely ignored, without even a water refill).  It also isn't an excuse to cram tables so close together that on one occasion we were placed directly in the path of the traffic to/from the kitchen, with trays continually being hoisted over our heads.  Being busy doesn't mean that you can set tables with filthy (dried food caked on) silverware and then be surprised when I ask for another place setting.

I think it is time to accept that our relationship just doesn't work, and move on.
GREAT, quick story to tell here (don't normally do this but dammit I was impressed!);

Had a $15 Groupon that I paid $7 for, that I went in to use 1 day before its expiration.  Being alone, I figured I would be economical guy and order bkfst there and lunch to-go, as I had $15 to spend on myself.  Easy enuf, right?

RIGHT!  Waitress was friendly, polite, non-scornful at Groupon mention, and then another staff member stepped in w/the coolest assist I have seen in a while.  My Android My Groupons app failed to bring up my groupon for the place, so they let me pull it up and take the # from PDF from laptop in the restaurant.  Incredible service to save this cheap SOB a few bucks.  And to top it off, the young lady who assisted us was oh-so-easy on the eyes, too!  Never a bad thing :)

I will return, and of course, recommend.

Oh, and the food?  A solid 9, quite nicely presented, fair portions, non-corporate feel.
I would love to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, if possible.  The food is home made and good, but you will have to wait a few extra minutes so don't come starving.  The service is spotty, sometimes.  The prices are reasonable and the portion sizes are large.  I love that they have the lighter fare menu as it is so hard to find a decent breakfast under 2,000 carbs and 50,000 calories.  ;-)  The breakfast burrito is huge and tasty; the pancakes are light and fluffy but soooo flavorful!  Haven't had a bad meal there.
I was disappointed in my breakfast.  The coffee was terrible.  The eggs were average. And the service was well below average. Not a place I would go back to.
Friendly group. Great specials....Try THE BASIC breakfast. It's more than enough.
Good not Great. Service was nice, yet I would like to see it when they are packed. Would go back but not unless Im in the area.
We visited last Sunday and had not been there for several months. We sat at the bar and were ignored by at least 5 servers that went by several times. I finally asked who would be waiting on us. The server was very apologetic and took $5 off our breakfast ticket and gave us a buy one get one free coupon for our next visit, which was appropriate. The food is always good but the service needs improvement. I wonder if they are under new management or ownership.
For my 1100th review, I'm going to use it on The Breakfast Joynt.

Groupon has brought me and the family into this place over 8 times over the past year.  We've come in for Breakfast & Lunch.  More recently, Lunch, to avoid the long lines during the Breakfast hours.  Here's a tip, if you show up after 12 pm you'll be better off than before then to find a table.  This tip applies to Sundays, which is the day we prefer to go.

Here are some of the items I've had here:

The Basic (2 Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Buttermilk Pancakes) - $7.99
Breakfast Burrito (Scrambled Eggs, Sausage, Onions, Green Peppers, Cheddar Cheese) - $6.99
Western Burger (Cheddar Cheese, Bacon, Onion Rings, and BBQ sauce) - $10.99
Sack of 10 Angus Sliders - $12.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Ip4_yFvx3sz4qMqxl-4mw?select=mVXqbkwPFs19EnACRXJANA#mVXqbkwPFs19EnACRXJANA

My favorite is the Sack of 10 Sliders.  They're very good and you can take a few home for later!  The staff is friendly, but sometimes the food order can take a while. 

I hope they continue to do Groupon, because the deal is totally worth it here.

Return Factor - 100%
This was the most disgusting experience I have ever had at a restaurant. I normally do not write reviews but felt I needed to share this. My husband and I along with our 2 year old went there for breakfast on a Saturday morning. I ordered the eggs benedict "Joynt Style" which seemed to be their speciality. I also had hot chocolate and ordered a glass of milk. We ordered the kids pancake with bacon for my daughter and a ham and cheese omlette for my husband. My hot chocolate was average, but what came next was appauling. The milk they brought me was totally spoiled! The eggs in my eggs benedict were over cooked so the yokes we totally hard, the sauce was disgusting and my hashbrowns tasted like sausage. My daughters pancake was hard as a rock, and my husband's omlette was overcooked as well. The waiter apologized and offered me another glass of milk, I declined. And he noticed that all 3 of us had full plates when we asked for the check. He did comp my eggs benedict. But, I will definately NOT be back! Hopefully this was just a one off situation, but, somehow I doubt it. If I could give 0 stars I would!
I have been to this place about three times over the last couple years. I always loved the blueberry pancakes each time I went, but I was disappointed this time around.   The food was just okay.  The waiter was very friendly and kept up with our pace of being served (fairly quickly).  We used a Groupon, so it was still a good deal and will go back again.
I'm waffling between 2 and 3 stars. 2 is "Meh. I've experienced better," which is completely true in terms of service and speediness. 3 is "A-OK" which is how I felt about the food. To be honest, I think the food was way better than "A-OK" but the time it took to get our food? Man.

I know we couldn't have picked a worse time to come: Mid-late morning on a Sunday. I know! We had just finished working out and decided to finally try the Breakfast Joynt just a few doors down. (Amazing idea to open a breakfast/lunch place with healthy options right next to a gym. Bravo, Joynt owners!)

We snagged the last "regular" table (there were a few high-tops around the bar area) and looked over the menu. I think it's AWESOME that split plates and "egg whites only" are free. Also, the build-your-own omelet section isn't restricted to the usual 3 items before extra charges are thrown in, like it says on the menu. Server informed us that it was unlimited. Heyo! Unfortunately, I had already decided on my 3 ingredients and I panic in the face of change so I just went with what I was planning: Egg white omelet, broccoli, mushrooms and feta. I subbed out the hash browns for fruit, which was annoyingly a .75 up-charge, but I understand how restaurants work.  Fruit is more expensive than potatoes. 

So we waited. And waited. AND WE WAITED. It was a really ridiculous wait for breakfast. To the tune of about half an hour. Hanger levels were approaching dangerous levels. Finally (Finally!) our food arrived. The omelets were awesome! Fluffy and open-face...I beat the boyf to the clean plate club. I know! Fruit was tasty--melons, honeydew, grapes, freshly segmented oranges. Wheat toast was thick slices, but just toast. You have the option to get toast or a pancake (This option is glorious, btw) but we decided to not blow ALL the good work we had just done at the gym. The pcakes looked really tasty though. I'm not sure we'll have that will power next time.

A little busser girl came over and took our plates away quickly. Too quickly? ("I felt like she was eyeballing me like a hawk as I took my last bite") And guess what? MORE WAIT. WAITING. WAIT ALL DAY, ERR' DAY, YOLO. Our server had DISAPPEARED. I gawked around and realized a new girl was helping to deliver food to tables our server had. Finally she emerged from the back with a gigantic tray of waters, orange juice and coffees. Ugh. The dreaded breakfast drink overload. I felt her pain, I really did. Especially because huge church goers aren't known for tipping especially well. Still, it would have helped for someone to see our cards on the table and swoop in and help a sister out. That left me kinda miffed.

All in all, the omelets were the star of the show and really saved the over 1.5 hour breakfast visit. We'll definitely have to come back on some NOT Sunday morning to see if the service works out better.
biscuits were to sweet for biscuits and gravy. My friend really liked the pancakes
This place was pretty unremarkable. Really wanted to go out to breakfast with my boyfriend and a Maps search of his area found Breakfast Joynt so we headed over. Our waitress was a nice enough girl but seemed sort of unkempt which isn't something you want from people handling your food. She checked on us the appropriate number of times but never for more than a hurried second and as there seemed to be more than enough servers and bussers on the floor to deal with a moderate number of tables, she shouldn't have been so rushed.

The coffee was plain gross. Not "Hm, I guess it isn't bad." Not "Well, I've had better." It was really just quite nasty.
The food was eh.
My eggs were dry and rubbery but my biscuits and gravy tasted exactly how biscuits and gravy should taste, no better or worse. My boyfriend thought the same about his waffle. The hashbrowns were a good-sized portion but had next to no flavor.

All in all, it wasn't the worst experience of my life. None of the food was by any means bad, but it wasn't by any means especially good.
Same with the service.
Same with the atmosphere.
That coffee though, definitely bad.
I love this casual place. Their food is outstanding and their prices fair. 
The ham is unbelievable, which makes the Eggs Benedict outstanding too. 
The waiters/waitresses are friendly and efficient.
For a breakfast/lunch place in a plaza type setting - this place wasn't bad. Biggest problem was the time it took to place an order and to get what you ordered. The food was pretty darn good though.

As always - I check out the restrooms and this one wasn't real good, but at least I made it into the room! They use some sort of air freshener to mask the problems and a good thorough cleaning needs to be done. The interior of the business was clean even with the doors open and what I guess was called a sand storm happening.

The staff seemed a bit stressed out, but were really friendly - but some where along the way - they've lost track of quick service - breakfast shouldn't take that long - it's eggs!

They get the three stars because the food was good - otherwise it would be a two for sure!
I ordered the chocolate chip crepes. Maybe I'm a bit spoiled since having them in Europe but they were a bit too thick and doughy. It was almost like a wet pancake.
Friend ordered California Benedict and just thought it was average. 
Service was good though.
I went for a breakfast meeting (7 am on Tuesday) and was worried because all the reviews talk about how crowded it is - well that must be the weekend or later in the day because we were the only ones there.  Which was great because our food came out quick!  The place did start fililng up as we were getting ready to leave - around 8.  The prices were reasonable - $6.95 for two eggs, two pieces of bacon and two HUGE pancakes (and they had whole grain/wheat ones - that were yummy).  They were out of fresh squeezed OJ - so my breakfast companion was out of luck - but it was fine for me (not a fan of pulp).  The food was good, hot and quick.
This is or was a great breakfast place.  Large portions and great food.  However, it has moved as of 4-24 and there was no forwarding adress in window.  Anyone know where it went?
It's now (5/4/13) called Windy City Cafe. Good food!
It's so quaint and relaxing to eat a nice breakfast there. Staff is nice and it's a great environment. You have the choice to sit inside or outside. Their omelette is so good!
I'm glad I had a BOGO coupon! I will give this place another try if I have another coupon.  08/24/2013 Update - I have yet to return.
Always a pleasant experience.  Very good food with very good service.  The owner, David, is almost always there.  In other words, he does management by walking around.  This always makes a difference
The service, where do I start?!? Waited 20 minutes to be told by the waiter that our order had been "cut" and the kitchen was just starting it. The place was totally dead during this ordeal. Saw the waiter spend that prior 20 minutes talking to staff. Seems more likely he forgot to put it into the kitchen. Overall the food was ok but not enough to make up for crappy service. They did offer a discount ($4 off an order for 2) to make up for the service. I don't think we'll be back.
Disclaimer: I love Jimmy John's Club Lulu. If it were not for that sandwich and my love for it, I'd probably only give this place a 3-star, as it's fast food and probably doesn't truly deserve four stars. But... the Club Lulu is an amazing sandwich and I love it dearly, so this review is a bit biased.

This restaurant is clean, the service is friendly, and the food is good. It was also pretty empty when I was here, which gave it kind of a relaxing feel. It's basically your typical Jimmy John's experience, though with solidly good service.
Still love the Club Lulu sandwich, but the service here can be hit or miss.
Food is good.  Service depends on which one you go to.  I went to the Columbus store and as the cashier was handing me my change, our sandwiches were being slid across the counter!   We went to the address for this review.  Food..Good.  Service... Not.  

We walked in around 5:30.  The place was empty.  It was just my daughter and I.  A single woman was behind us.  There were three on the line, one at cashier and two making sandwiches.  They took our order and their time on making our food.  As we sat down the lady behind us sat with a bag of chips and a soda in her hand to wait for her food.  Another lady came in and ordered as well.  As we ate, the second lady was presented her sandwich.  The first went to the counter to ask about hers and they looked surprised that they had missed it.  They missed something alright.

If you can get it, you will enjoy your meal.  I recommend you go for the multi-grain bread.  You can get a french roll anywhere.
I go there a few days a week for lunch. Good food, usually super fast. They remember my "usual" sandwich. Music is usually pretty loud, but it fits with the energy level.
Always nice to come here for lunch. The sandwiches are of course made super fast and the staff is uniformly friendly.
So normally I'm all about Jimmy John's. However, this location wanted "guaranteed gratuity" to deliver outside of their delivery radius. Granted, the address was in a different Jimmy Johns' radius; however, because our location was "so far outside of their delivery radius" (exactly one mile away from their store), the CSR wanted 5 dollars guaranteed gratuity. When I laughed, because I obviously thought he was joking about charging as much as a sub to go one single mile, he said, "well I hope you have a good night" and hung up.

Normally, I love the staff of Jimmy John's. After he hung, all I could think was "is this dude for real?!?!". Anyway, not planning on ordering from Jimmy John's ANYTIME in the near future.
Freaky Fast! I like about a mile away from this location and from hanging up the phone to answering the door was just 7 minutes! Basically Jimmy Johns is the right choice.
Jimmy johns has the worst service, I am a loyal customer who always tips well! I ordered a sandwich with all the freebies, unfortunately they neglected to tell me they were out of tomatoes forgot the Dijon also there were no cucumbers , then when I called to let them know, apparently I wasn't allowed to eat my sandwich after paying my hard earned money and waiting for my food to get the proper order I asked for (still without the tomatoes) and was supposed to wait for the new sandwich, which normally I would be ok with but as this has happened several times and was hungry at this point I was a little irritated how the service person on the phone was short with me, pissed, every time I ask about the owner who obviously doesn't care about their customers considering every time I ask about the owner no one has any idea how to get ahold of them, can't ever help me out!!! I am done with this business!!
Best place to hit after the river, call ahead and have pizza waiting for you. Watch out for the veggie pizza! Great cheese and fresh every time I've stopped by.
**Updated Review-
Based on my last experience - the service here is so-so at best.  The "kids" behind the counter are unattentive.  I had to literally shout to get them to notice that they had a guest in the lobby.  If it weren't for the fact that this location is at the bottom of the hill of Las Sendas - I probably would not return and instead opt for a different location.

Store Manager/Owner - This is YOUR opportunity to make this right.  I am pretty generous/fair on my reviews and this location is by-far the weakest of all in the Mesa Valley.

**********

It's Rosatis.  True nothing will ever taste as good as Pizza (incl. Rosatis) that you actually get IN Chicago because of the water quality west of the Mississippi is fair at best, this Rosatis does a really good job.

The kid that took our order was pretty cool-chill.  Brought it out to us in ~15 minutes - piping hot!  The sausage at Rosatis is awesome.

We visit this location every time we come to visit Dad/Mom since they live in the adjacent neighborhood.

Tip - order extra cheese - it is so worth it...the grease dripping all over - esp. from the pepperoni.
Food is great - well other than their wings which pretty much are fried chicken drowning in sauce.

We ordered two weeks ago using their online ordering system.  Order came all screwed up - e-mail receipt did not match the printed one at all.  Complained and GrubHub (the delivery service) gave us a $20 credit.  The food was good and I've eaten in other stores before so we tried again tonight... and where do I start?

Here I guess!  Ordered online.  Got e-mail receipt including delivery time and our creidt.  I paid via credit card for the rest and included the tip.  Half hour after the estimated time (they're 1.2 miles from us) later the driver showed up.  He was very nice and very professional so he was the only positive about this experience.  He asked for the entire amount, sans credit, in cash.  We were puzzled but he showed no credit.  He got his phone out and called the store manager and let my husband talk to him.

At that point we got told that $20 credit was a store credit only - which baffles me as I had to click to apply the dang thing on GrubHub - and we could only use ordering directly.  He did at least finally let us pay via credit card, and I still feel bad we had no cash to tip the driver as we'd put the tip on the original credit card payment that never showed up.

So... if you want to eat in, I guess they're great and at least our order was mostly correct this time -although I am still utterly baffled why when I specicially ask any pizza place in this state for red peppers and cheese why they can't deliver those - but we will never use/order from Rosati's and/or their GrubHub counterpart again.
I'm from Chicago and I also happen to have a Rosati's right down the street from where I live and I have to say this Rosati's blows mine out of the water.  I order from here when I'm visiting my girlfriend's parent's in Arizona and while it's no Chicago-level pizza but it's easily the best pizza I have had in Arizona!
I can't even give this business a 1 star even if I was feeling extra nice, but yelp forces you to at least give a one star so Rosati's on Power and Thomas can thank yelp for that one star. I am from the Chicago area and this place wouldn't survive a day in Chicago with the horrible food and customer service. I don't know who owns this business, but they should be ashamed of the people that represent them. Our order was screwed up once before and this time I drove 15 minutes from my own home to find that nothing changed. I asked for BAKED mostaccioli. I get there and all that was there was meat sauce and noodles and there is supposed to be cheese and when I ordered I even asked for the cheese to be well done and if she hadn't been in such a rush to take my order and talk over me she might have actually heard what I said. This is what happens when you hire children to run your business. The same girl who screwed up my order the first time did it again on 1/8/13. Then when I walk back into the place the manager who looks and acts like he is all of twelve years old says are you here to pick upand I told him what happened, what I actually ordered and that I wanted my money back and he cancels my transaction and to this date the money still hasn't been returned to my account. He never offered to fix the situation or do anything to try and at least make it somewhat better. I would never tell anyone to go to this establishment ever!!!! By the way the lasagna my daughter had was disgusting too and that was the only thing that wasn't screwed up!!!
Bought a groupon for this place and it was fine, but nothing I would ever go out of my way for again.  For the groupon price the pizza tasted just fine, but when I looked at the original receipt before discount the price was $48!!!  This pizza is not worth that at all, a smidgen above chain joints but nothing to deserve the 2x up-charge.  When we pulled up we thought it was closed because there was no one there!  Still trying to figure out why they kept putting me on hold when they were not busy :)
I love Rosatis but this location has major problems! Since the deep dish takes 45 minutes, we ordered 2 appetizers to munch on while we waited, both were served barely warm. Then when we got our pizza it was barely warm...I went to the DIRTY bathroom and the toilet would not flush. i took off the tank lid and there was no chain to pull up the flapper! Would recommend going to a different location. For a Saturday night it was dead in there and now I know why!
The service is sooooo bad.  The pizza tastes great but the service lately has been horrible. Pizza is always late when picking up.  The last pick up I did, I was told "pizza ready in abt. 30 min."  I went into the store after 30 min. and they hadn't even begun to make my pizza. Last two deliveries the driver got lost and we had late and cold pizza. If you get lost, at least call us and tell us you are late. I've talked to the manager, but service doesn't get any better.  Guys you have great tasting pizza. You really need to shake up your service! We used to order from you weekly but not any more.
Icky! What happened Rosattis? The Alfredo tasted off like they used rancid cheese and you charged me $6 for 10 tiny fried mushrooms?  And a minor offense but I asked for ranch and you gave me Italian ? Any other dressing and I would have suffered but I hate Italian . So I ended up not  eating that tiny salad you craved me $8 for. Yeah I'm not paying for over priced stale food again.
Consistently good until tonight. 2 pizzas. 1 spot on the other hardly any cheese. Spoke with the manager and was told sometimes the pies are made with ez cheese depending on the maker. Not acceptable - she offered a small discount on future order. No excuse for using a less toppings on a $25 pie. Will no longer order from Power Rd Rosati's.
After eating at Jimmy John's in Chicago and Indianapolis, I was so excited they opened one here. Not just here in town, but like 15 feet from work!! It just opened this past week and I rushed over as soon as I could.
I've been here twice now for lunch. The first time for a tuna sandwich the next time for the Club Lulu

The tuna was bland and I wouldn't have it again
The turkey on the Lulu was nearly non existent but the sandwich was still decent. The lettuce was weird...had a weird texture, I don't quite no how to explain it.

I feel kind of let down by this Jimmy John's. Back to Gandolfo's it is!
The bread was too chewy. Not quite stale
I really expected to like it here!!
I just don't!
isn't the same here,
The bread is just meh. The shredded lettuce felt more like I was biting into shredded wax paper.
I'm so over it! I've given it many chances, hoping the first time or so was just a fluke. but it wasn't. So sad :-(
Like the previous reviewer, I work just a stone's throw away so I also wanted to like this as a regular spot.  The first time I went I got the Vito, a basic italian sub, which was alright, the bread a lil hard on the end. Next time I had the california club; turkey, avo, sprouts, tomato, lettuce, cucumber, mayo. It was pretty good, flavorful and filling. Today I got the same thing on their wheat bread amd it wasnt as good. Firstly, they forgot my sprouts(!), then i was eating the end of the tomato (the yuck end) and my cucumbers tasted unfresh. They seemed like they were frozen before, all flexy and slimish. Wasn't feelin it at all. The bread is good though. The place is clean and they are extremely fast with like 10 dudes making sandwiches. I can't help but think the quality goes down because they are trying to be so quick. The prices are good though, just please get some quality control.
Fast, cheap, tasty.  Pretty hard to screw up a sandwich.  This place is really good.
I grew up in the midwest just down the highway from the original Jimmy John's- I ate it as a kid, I ate it as an adult, I ate day-old bread from there for sustenance in college.. this was one of those things I accepted losing when I moved out west. But now it's here!

You come here, you get an inexpensive yet large and tasty sub. There are 3 basic categories- the Slims (~$3), with just meat and cheese, the 8" subs ($4.25), and the Giant Clubs ($5.25) - which in many cases are larger versions of the 8" subs but sometimes add extra ingredients. If you're feeling brave (and hungry) there's the Gargantuan, which is exactly what it sounds like.

By default, sandwiches are served on crusty but chewy French bread- it's what I crave most about the place and nobody else really matches  it- it's chewy on the outside but squishy on the inside and flattens around your sandwich quite well. You can also opt for the 7-grain on a Giant Club sandwich.

My hands-down favorite? The Beach Club- turkey, cheese, guac, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I hope they start delivering across the i-10, because this place truly shines when they deliver- their motto is "Subs so fast you freak", and I haven't been let down in the past. 

You will like this place if a) you're in college or b) you appreciate a fast and cheap yet high-quality sandwich.
Freaky Fast.  Their tag line says it all.  In fact, I get stressed out walking in there if I haven't already decided what I want to order.  So, I learned, and now I carefully study the menu before walking over.

Other than that, I can't complain.  Is it the best sub I've ever had?  No, but it's WAY better than Subway, Cousins or the Quzino's they replaced.  

I didn't know they would cut the pickle in half when I ordered the giant pickle as my side.  That was disappointing to me - I wanted my pickle un-cut.  This might be the sole reason they only get 3 stars from me.
Great sandwiches made quickly. The first time I tried them I wasn't impressed but I've since tried some of the other sandwiches on the menu and now they're one of my favorites for a quick meal.
How could I NOT have reviewed JJ's yet?! I freaking LOVE this place! I originally popped my proverbial Jimmy John's cherry in St Louis, then was able to enjoy them yet again in Chanhassen, MN...then Brookfield, WI...but why oh why didn't the Phoenix area have it?!? Why did I need to jump a plane to get my Jimmy John's fix?!? Then, thank GOD, I was driving along Elliot and stumbled upon them!! They've now opened a slew of them throughout the East Valley-primarily in Tempe near ASU, go figure. 

If you've never been before, there's a couple different sizes...slims ($3.50), 8" subs ($4.50), and GIANT club sandwiches ($5.50). Then, in a category all to itself, the JJ Gargantuan ($7.50). These guys know how to make a sub...and fast! (Their slogan is Subs so fast you'll freak!) Everything is super fresh, not like Subway with their day old tomatoes and wilted lettuce (bleck!). JJ's does it different-they give you the option to make your sandwich an 'unwich'-basically what you order in a lettuce wrap for all you carb-aphobics out there. I've ordered quite a few different subs and all have exceeded my expectations-my FAVES are the #5 Vito and the #9 Italian Night Club both with hot peppers! 

These guys cater AND deliver.

If you're in the area, definitely give this place a try-they dont disappoint!
My new favorite sammich spot!!! The bread is fresh and great!!! I always get the turkey tom with extra mayo (make sure you get extra mayo or you will have a dry sub on your hands). The hub loves the gargantuan. The only other advise I would give is to not get the chocolate chip cookies (they are pretty dense and not very good) and read the signs while you sit and eat. They are pretty funny. The service really is fast and I have freaked a few times. Be sure to take advantage of the free smell as well
Another average sub shop. The only thing that stood out was their fantastic bread. Other then that Jimmy Johns was just average. If not for the bread I would rate it along the same lines as Subway,maybe a half star higher.

Still the best chain sub shop in town is Firehouse.
After a friend raving about this place for 6 months I had to go.  I'd say my turkey sanwich was pretty average.
I'd never go again simply for the fact they don't have Sweetener for their unsweetened iced tea.  Boo.
When I was 20/21 years old, every weekend around 2:30 AM I would stop in my local Milwaukee, WI Jimmy Johns for an after-party, sometimes choosing the "we will deliver just one sandwich" route to my downtown apartment, but always choosing Jimmy Johns. 
I grew older, (22/23) and moved to Phoenix, AZ, and found my closest solution to getting my JJ fix was Tuscon, AZ. So occasionally when the cravings got so bad, I would drive down for a sub. Sometimes I would make a friend who lived 2 hours south of Tuscon stop on her way to Phoenix to get me one. One time, the craving was so bad I made a friend visiting from Milwaukee bring me one on the plane with her when she visited. 
Now that I am old and gray,(25/26), Phoenix has decided to jump on board and add JJ to the valley. 
13 pounds heavier and so much happier now that I have my Turkey Tom and my sexy Big John fix, the last piece to my puzzle will be when they put one by my workplace so I can get a sub delivered to me every day for lunch. FREAKISHLY FAST!(They are not lying. When a delivery department can deliver before you pass out getting home from the bar, you know it is fast) 

Note: If you can not catch well, ask them to hand you your sub nicely. I have been hit when not on the up and up.
#12 beach club with jalapeno chips. done. =)
It took me a couple of tries to get used to it but now I am hooked! JJ's is a fantastic alternative to Subway. I give it 4 stars --with the realization it is fast food. Great, tasty, quick sandwich!
I am always in search of good food fast...not fast food! I think Jimmy John's knows what they are doing, and should continue to knock out those sandwiches, FAST.

I love that I can pretty much know, I will a) Not wait in line and b) be in and out in 2 to 5 minutes flat! Heck yeah! And get a very tasty filling sub.

I recommend the Lulu, it is very good, and has tons of meat.

Oh, don't waste your hard earned money on the Avocado. This is my only complaint about Jimmy John's, they have pureed avocado and just spread it on like it is mayo, only they don't put much on. I think it is a waste of money.

This is my go to lunch place when I am in a hurry!
At times I crave a sandwich for lunch, and other places just haven't been satisfying the craving, but then a co-worker told me about Jimmy Johns, and I have been hooked every since! The bread is soo dang good which is important for a sandwich, bad bread can make even the best ingredients taste awful!  Every time I go I always say I am going to try something new, but I haven't made it past the Big John or Beach Club (minus the sprouts) which so far are my 2 favorites!  The meat and the toppings are fresh and tasty and the price is very reasonable! You should forget Subway and head on over to Jimmy Johns!!
Visited JJ's back in June with a co-worker and ordered the "Vito" sub, which quickly became one of my favorites. I've been back here several times since.

If you are really hungry, go for the "Italian Night Club" - you won't be disappointed.

One word of advice - this establishment gets busy very quickly. If you expect to eat inside you need to get here a little bit ahead of the normal lunch rush. There are also tables outside on the patio, but that doesn't work too well in the summer months for obvious reasons.

Excellent service - fast, friendly and very reasonable. I don't think I've ever been to any sub/sandwich shop that has made me a sandwich this fast.

Good job, guys!
I LOVE Jimmy Johns and ever since I found out they have come out to Arizona, I have been hooked! I typically go to this location because it's closest to my work. The place gets really busy during lunch so if you're in a hurry, I would set aside an extra 5 minutes to get your sandwich made. The service is a little lacking when it's busy, but that's because the workers have no breathing room... and neither do the customers by the receiving end of the line. I guess the layout of the store is a little odd, but it seems to work out, for the most part.

I highly recommend the Italian Night Club. It's like the smaller version of the ever-so-tasty Gargantuan. 

Now... if there were more locations closer to Gilbert, I would be a happy woman!
As I have mentioned in several reviews before, I have my own ATOS (Amber Terms of Service) in which my #1 rule is to never review a place that you have only been to once unless you know for certain you will not be back.

As I sit here eating this giant pickle, I find myself IN a pickle... because while this is the first time I have eaten at Jimmy John's, they DID deliver free samples to the office yesterday... so is that technically 1+???

Well, even if its not, I don't care. I am impressed beyond words at their incredible ability to serve their business clientele... Let me explain. 

Yesterday, out of nowhere, a nice delivery boy from JJ just drops by 10 or 12 mini subs for the office to sample. Super nice. Great marketing tool. Everyone was happy as a clam. Who doesn't love free food?

So, today, I felt like it would be a good idea to return the favor and give them our business. We had 12 people order subs, and the entire ordering process was incredibly easy. You can order online, or call in the order. When everything was delivered, each sub had the correct name, they itemized the receipt by our names so that each person could have the correct amount deducted from their paycheck, and everything was 100% correct. No mixups. 

Aside from the incredible convenience of their ordering, their friendliness, and the awesome delivery, the subs were incredible tasting and at a fabulous price point. The bread (even though I'm not supposed to eat it - whoopppps) was fresh and delicious, the veggies were all fresh and piled on, and my pickle was huge and incredibly satisfying. (get your mind out of the gutter)

You can choose 7 grain bread or a french roll, or for those who want the low-carb route, you can wrap your sub in lettuce! They have a great variety of subs, including two veggie options that can be made vegan, chips, pickles, drinks. Their website is really cool too - you can figure out the exact nutritional value of your entire meal, and the site is fun and easy to use. 

Anyway - incredible all around. I am very impressed and can't wait for our next group order!!
Quick, cheap, good is heavily biased towards the first two. It's less varied than Subway. Weird? Aren't there 18 or so main sandwiches? Certainly are but there's 3-4 base  meats and then it's just a matter of arrangement. 

Maybe using  gourmet in the name  is what's bugging me as it's pretty pedestrian and the love for the bread from most reviews doesn't fit  my experience and other than providing a structure to place the meat on. That and the wall propaganda , pretty bombastic considering the mediocre bread  and  almost tasteless beef sandwich I had at lunch which was about as processed as beef gets while retaining it's form. 

3 stars because it's  good value for money if you have to go with people / are in a five minute rush ( at that point you have more issues than can be dealt with by bread and filling)
This location is super quick! I placed the order and about the time I was putting my change back in my wallet the 2 sandwiches were ready! WOW. I've never received a sandwich quicker.

The sandwiches are packed with meat and have fresh toppings. The bread is also good, nice and soft and not soggy.
Pepe....add sprouts, salt, pepper, O & V, cucumber, onion then pickle on the side= yum
I experienced some of the worst customer service here that I've ever had in the restaurant industry. The staff consisted of snotty teenage girls who were extremely rude to my mother when she simply asked them to pack the tomatoes for her sandwich separately and they didn't understand. Meanwhile, the manager just stood there and stared into space as my exasperated mother attempted to communicate what she wanted to no avail. We finally just gave up and went to the Ray and 54th St franchise. As we were walking out the door, the girls started laughing and pointing at us. I will NEVER go there again.
Sandwiches are always great, prices are worth it and delivery is crazy fast (I've never been in the store - Delivery only). That's that.
I don't get it.  It's a chain sandwich joint.  Just because sprouts and cucumber come on sandwiches without asking doesn't mean it is fresh and natural.  Don't get me wrong...it's fine.  But it's nothing special beyond any other franchise sandwich.
Mmm, Pepe!
so, i now work in their delivery area. i ordered my sandwich on line @ 11:31am. delivered to me, in my hands, at 11:39! unreal!!! great fresh ingredients, fast service with a smile. cant beat it. plus its the same price as subway but fresher, friendlier AND FREE delivery! sold. thank you JJ's.
Freaky slow more like it. Ordered 2 Sammys @ 7:20 p. Arrived at 8:25pm. Soggy, delivered by a driver who seemed annoyed with us because he was late?! It'd be faster to order pizza. Next time we'll just go to Subway.
Even though this place is usually packed, they have their lunch rush down to the tee. By the time I am done paying for my order, within a couple minutes it's ready for me to pick up. I usually just stick to ordering a sandwich because the add-on's tend to get a bit expensive for me. I love their italian sandwich. I look forward to coming back.
Yes I am a fan. First time here was yesterday at lunch. There was no line, is suspect the reason for no line would be that they are SUPER fast. This place made me a 8" Italian club on a fresh hoagie roll in less than 2 minutes for $5.00. Its a great deal, good ingredients and the lettuce is finley shredded (like any good hoagie place does). I will be back for sure with more people. They deliver too. So get that food delivered when you shouldn't drive but you are REALLY hungry.
If it weren't for average food, bad service and the dirty environment i'd have nothing to say but good about the place.
Every Jimmy John's will get you generally the same quality food, but at this location, these guys are FAST!  It's like they psychically read what you're thinking.  We always joke that your order goes like this:

Me: "I would like a.. "
Employee: "HereYouGo" (Sandwich handed to you before you finish your sentence)
Quick, fresh, Easy.
Place is tiny and awkwardly set up. You have to reach over someones head to get a lid and straw for your drink... Went there twice and they got my really simple (turkey, lettuce, and mustard on wheat) order wrong both times. The last time they smothered it in mayo! If you want an amazing sandwich skip this place and go to sprouts deli... 2.99 and delicious.
Always good food with a clean environment- this location always seems to have good music and extremely helpful staff.
Oh Jimmy Johns you know I love your fresh bread and when I'm at work and forgot my lunch and craving a sandwich, I just call you and you bring me one, I like our relationship, it's been going good, but last few times you have failed me and left me a little sad

Today I called and ask you for a #12 with no tomatoes (coworker heard great things about and wanted to give you a try) and a #11 with extra Dijon & all the freebies and while the #12 turned out perfect, the 11 was lacking any Dijon and no hot peppers. It was still a great sandwich, just wasn't quite the perfect one. But my coworker did enjoy her #12.

Let's try to mend this relationship the next time I call........
Great subs, great service. I love the bootlegger club!!
I like Jimmy Johns. I really like their Tuna fish sandwich. It is one of the best for a fast food sandwich shop. There is another sandwich shop across the street that I like a lot more but when I am in the mood for Tuna or my coworkers want to come here I will stop by.

They are super fast I will give them that. There have only been a few times that I have been able to get my drink before they have my sandwich ready. I am just not a super fan. They are a thousand times better than the mega giant of fast food sandwich shops, Dumb Way.
Meh.  Don't get why some people think JJ's is so hot.  Ordered a simple sub with no onions and add peppers.  What do I get?  A metric crapload of onions, no peppers.  So I fixed that, but the thing was still "meh".  So-so bread, so-so meat quality & quantity, not particularly tasty, not particularly bad.  Very unmemorable.  Jersey Mike's makes a much better "chain" sandwich than these guys.  I'll give JJ one more shot, but won't be rushing back.
Pretty tasty, simple, and fairly quick.
Tuna please.
Don't come into this location at lunch cuz it's a madhouse with all the local businesses and the specialty college across the road.
Any other time the location seems to be rather quiet, a couple of cars in the lot and maybe three customers inside.
The options are plentiful and I like that.
Not exactly sure why they tear the bread OUT of the loaf and throw it away.  Talk about throwing away money.  They need to quit that practice unless the customer specifies that's what they want.  Or is that the big selling point of the Jimmy John's subs???
Crazy that it takes four or five people to put together one sandwich but I guess they've got the system down to a science and that's why they can say they're fast.
In general, I like the sandwiches and they're a good change from Subway or any of the other area sandwich shops.
I love your subs Jimmy Johns.  The bread is super yummy and I love that its convenient and fast.  I just have one (perhaps crazy) pet peeve.  Is there a reason you always have to put tomatoes right on the bread? Seriously, there is nothing appetizing about soggy bread and it always baffled me that you do this.
Well generally food is good.  Service is about the same here, not particularly special but they get you out the door without much hassle.  This occasion was not the norm, other than the music so loud you can't communicate without repeating everything or just deciding "whatever".  Well this evening the little, skinny dude behind the counter didn't like me asking why I couldn't get an extra item on the side so I could determine how much I wanted to put on my sandwich so he offers the sarcastic "Have a good night" comment.  Had to let him know I was having a good night and that his personality really glistened, like the stuff on a pooper scooper.
I never knew before because I never asked... the reason why the "giant" club sandwiches are $2 more than the 8" clubs is because they scoop out the inside of the bread on the 8" clubs. If you want the bread left in, then you pay $2 more. Wow... so you're just throwing away all the extra bread for the people who buy the 8" clubs? Your "giant club sandwiches" are not giant at all. They are the same size! They just have all of the bread in them, and maybe a little bit of extra veggies. And by extra veggies they put on more lettuce. Wow, just wow. I'm glad I found this out today. Jimmy John's will no longer get my business. No other sandwich company does this. You can get a 12 INCH sub at Subway for $5 and they don't scoop out their bread. How shady and wasteful.
Bumbed out!!!! My daughter was visiting from CA and told her about the freaky fast delivery and what a shame. 45 min for delivery..... More like freaking slow delivery!!!
I went into the office and I was starving .. students were piling into the door and taking their seats and I needed something to eat fast because I had skipped breakfast to coach my sons football game .. no way I could I skip lunch too!

I went online and ordered from Jimmy Johns store on W. Elliot in Tempe and WOW!  Talk about 'freaky-fast'!  That sandwich showed up in zero seconds flat!  Freaky-freaky-freaky-fast!  Great job Jimmy, keep up the good work!
I may be bias (I LOVE Ashley, owner/creator) - but there is a little more to my 5 star rating. #1. P&C makes Vegan food that non-vegans can appreciate. #2. They deliver!!! #3. There is a great variety and the menu is always changing/expanding. #4. I served vegan cupcakes at my wedding and all of my guests LOVED them!
I recommend this great local company to anyone that needs fast/individually packaged food. Support your local small businesses - especially the ones that you can taste the LOVE in the food!!!
I was extremely excited when I heard about a vegan food delivery service in town! But opposite of Misti Y,  I cook so much that it took me forever to find a time that I wasn't gonna be able to cook to order some food.  I'm so glad I did! I ordered the ginger pear bread, mac n cheez, peanut-tofu-kale noodles, lasagna, tofu curry, and chick'n and dumplings.  Plus a container of bananas foster "ice cream" which I got for my friend (she did let me have a taste though! YUM!)

Entrees run about $7, for a healthy-sized serving of homemade, mostly organic food.  (Read: you will be pleasantly full, but not stuffed.)  I think this service would be great for vegans who were staying on the strip and had a microwave and fridge/freezer in their room.  Or anyone really.  Eating out healthy in Vegas isn't necessarily an easy thing, especially for vegans and vegetarians who are visiting! This food is tasty and filling without having the overbearing fat and salt of restaurant food.

My dishes took about 10 min to heat up in my home and work microwaves except for the lasagna which took about 30 min in my oven.  I really liked everything except for the lasagna; it was very filling but pretty bland, overwhelmed by whole wheat noodles.  The peanut noodles were delish - probably my fave- but the mac n cheez was damn good too.  I would order the noodles, mac, curry, and dumplings again for sure! 

The ginger pear bread was perfect- great banana bread-like texture, just sweet enough, with delicious chunks of pear! My dog agreed with me, as she stole half of it off my kitchen table! (and yes, I ate the rest, it was that good.)

They are now offering Holiday baskets that sound like a great deal: bread, cupcakes, cookies, and candy (hello, vegan peanut butter cups!!) for only $25.  Someone on my holiday list is definitely getting one of these, and I might have to get one for myself.

I highly recommend trying them out! There is a $5 delivery charge, so I would suggest ordering lots of stuff to make it worth your while.  They keep in the freezer for over a month, so you'll have time to use it up.  Great for folks who are looking to eat healthy (especially lower sodium!).
Great NY style pizza, and FREE DELIVERY. Sorry chain pizza places, I have finally found a legit replacement. Best deal is their 18" giant cheese pizza for 9.99 every day.
I would recommend Spacolis Pizza 100% to anyone!!! I recently moved to Arizona and had a flyer on my door for this local pizza place. The prices were much better than the big national chains and I wanted to see what my neighborhood had to offer. When calling in for a delivery order, I spoke to Barry, who apparently is one of the owners. Either way he was extreamly helpful, suggestive and very friendly! The price was right but the quality exceeded the cost by far! The delivery time was quick, the food was hot, it looked amazing and all the accoutrements were included without having to even ask, i.e. red peppers, parm cheese, napkins, even paper plates. And might I add that the ranch dressing is out of this world!!! I had a wonderfuly amazing experience with Spacolis and will continue to order from them as well as suggest them to everyone I know the area!
Spacolis is ok pizza. I ordered bread sticks and a pizza. Ill give it to them that the flavor's of the pizza and bread sticks were very good. But the pizza was under cooked and so were the bread sticks. Not that it was doughy or anything just that the crust on the pizza and the bread sticks were still very white and not golden brown. The cheese on the pizza was all so not browned like how you would expect cheese to be on a pizza. I will give them another try and i will be asking to have everything cooked just a little longer.
Seriously bad!  No flavor to the pizza at all.  Tasted like the sauce was made from ketchup.  Wings were OK at best and they forgot the ranch for our salad with delivery.  Would not recommend.  Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
Really good but the pizza was a little underdone.  The flavor was really good.  The flavor of the pizza dough really stands out and I was really impressed.  The wings were also really good.  We tried the teriyaki and the bbq. Nice flavor and really crisp.  I did prefer the bbq over the teriyaki.

I will definitely visit again the next time I make a trip to AZ
My daughter and I just went here, it's right down the street from my house, and I had a Groupon, so it was well worth my time.  And we weren't disappointed in any way.  Megan had the chicken fingers, which were real pieces of chicken, not that formed crap you get at some restaurants, and curly fries. Chicken was crunchy, hot, and had a great taste.   Came with a side of ranch dressing, which was really really good.  Has to be homemade.  I had a steak sandwich with peppers, onions, and provolone cheese.  Bread was soft and fresh, steak was flavorful and plentiful and the mushrooms and onions were really good.    

So we've established that the food was fantastic.  Now let's talk about the service.  Top notch.  Friendly, helpful, service was great.  Asked me several times if everything was ok.  

Some guys came in and got the two pieces of pizza and a soda.  Huge pieces of pizza  and a soda for around $5.00. From my table the pizza looked great.   Can't wait to come and try the pizza.  

When my daughter and I go out to eat, I always ask her if she wants to come again.  Yesterday we went to Baja Fresh, which was nasty nasty.  I asked Megan as we were leaving, do you want to come again, and she said no.  Today I asked her if she wants to come again to Spacolis, and she said yes.  And we will come back, soon.  If you live anywhere near this place (Dobson and Southern in Mesa) please go.  Have to support the little businesses.  Especially ones like this.  

Thanks Spacolis for the awesome food and the great service.
Got a groupon for this place so decided to try it out last night when we didn't know what else to do with ourselves. We decided on the 18 inch veggie pizza, cheese bread, and garlic fries. They don't deliver to our location so we decided to call ahead to pick up. 

The girl who answered the phone sounded really annoyed that we were calling to order from here. She sighed after every item I told her. *Sigh* "Is that all?" Umm... yes. Because if I order one more thing I think you might start to cry. Anyways, she told us it would be ready in 25 minutes. So 25 minutes later we drive down there, only to find out that they haven't started on the cheese bread, or the fries. Really? We gave you almost half an hour and you didn't even start part of our order. So we had to stand around for an extra 5 minutes, clearly annoyed. So they finally bring everything out and we pay. The cheese bread looked anemic. No brown on it whatsoever. Which is clearly from the fact that they started it as soon as we walked in the door and pulled it out as fast as possible so we wouldn't have to wait any longer. The fries were good, nice and hot and didn't have that really spicy flavor of garlic when too much is used. The pizza was also good. A little on the cold side, like that had been finished and sitting out for at least 5 minutes before we got there. But it was a good size with a good amount of veggies.

I will give this place another chance just because the prices are decent, and while I had to wait longer than necessary, everything tasted pretty good.
The deluxe pizza is amazing! Its full of flavor. We get it all the time for work, and enjoy every single bite. If you have any left over, I would recommend warming it in the oven, not the microwave. 

The employees are always happy to help and delivery is super fast.
I have been coming to Spacolis since they opened thier doors last year. In the first few months this place rocked, maybe because they were new....  . It has since declined greatly. Slowly the quality of food as well as customer service began to dwindle. I was served a hot slice with frozen toppings for example. It seems with each new employee, they care less and less about the customer. I think they rely on the college across the street for repeat business instead of offering great service. The last time I dined there, I watched  an employee break many healthcode violations like eating in the kitchen and not washing hands.... ick.
Man these people have good pizza.  Just went and got a sausage, olive and onion pizza and it was killer.  A little expensive, but it was so worth it.  And they deliver too.  I'm serious, try it.
My groupon was about to expire so I ordered take out today. I ordered the Spacoli's original cheesesteak with garlic fries and an 18 inch pizza with pepperoni and jalapenos. They told me it would be about 30 minutes when I placed my order but it ended up taking about 45 minutes so I waited for a bit in the restaurant. The service was great - they offered me a small glass for a drink while I waited for my food. The total ended up being around 50 cents because I was using a groupon. The person who rang me up (I'm guessing an owner) didn't charge me since the total was so small.

The cheesesteak was flavorful and cheesy, they did not skimp on the whiz. The roll was soft and fresh. The garlic fries were tasty but soggy so I would ask  for them extra crispy next time. The pizza was definitely worth ordering again. The crust was handtossed so thin but not too thin. The crust was soft and the sauce was savory. The 18 inch pizza was cut into 8 huge slices. All in all you get a lot of good quality food for your money.
How could Brak not try a joint named Spacoli's, even if it's not spelled the same as the famous surfer dude?  Heck, they even have the proper "no shirt, no shoes, no dice!" sign on the front door.  Have been here a couple of times, and the pizza was average-to-better both times, but the second visit was bizarre.  It literally took about a half hour for the pizza to be ready, and the manager/owner type dude was very concerned and made us a free 2nd pizza to make up for the wait.  That was a nice gesture, but what were 2 just-fed people going to do with another pizza?  Eat it cold the next day?  Some sort of coupon for a subsequent visit would have been a better solution, nonetheless we appreciated the gesture.  I have a hard time recommending this place, not because of that incident, but because of the location.  It's in a very sketchy strip mall, right next to a dive bar that has lots of "interesting" patrons hanging out around the area around Spacoli's.  The parking lot is filthy and I felt like I needed a shower just from having been there.  Not sure I'll be back, but if not, it won't be the pizza that keeps me away, it'll be the surroundings.
There are many ways to do pizza, and the debate on the best pizza is heated, but I do believe I've found a rogue rookie with a lot of guts that makes a SUPERB pizza that's also at a great price. Ensure you get that great price by getting the doorhanger ad special. I don't give many 5 stars, but WOW this pizza deserves. My friends and I ordered the doorhanger ad special - 14" Specialty Pizza $9.99. They have several to choose from. I didn't have a say in which ones we ordered, but I didn't care, I was hungry. We ordered a pesto chicken and a chicken bacon ranch for delivery. I myself would've ordered the meat lover's....
    Anyway the pizzas looked and smelled scrumptious, and one bite and I was sold. I could only eat 3 slices, and I tried some of each pie. The crust was perfect, flavorful and bready at a uniform 1/4" thick, and the cheese and toppings were definitely HEAVY on top of that! The crust supported the toppings very well and wasn't totally floppy as would happen with a thin, soggy crust. From my previous reviews you may also know I have a certain disdain for puffy bread with a thin paint job. 
   There was 1 slice of chicken pesto pizza left as 5 of us couldn't finish the 2 pies. Had that slice for breakfast this morning. Best reheat is to preheat your oven on broil, then set the pizza on a metal tray or foil on the lower rack for 2 minutes or less. NOT IN A MICROWAVE!
   For value and quality ingredients, Spacoli's hits a home run into the stratosphere and is definitely on the All-Star team for best pizza in the PHX Valley, joining Grimaldi's.
The pizza is good, the breadsticks are addicting.

That's where the fun ends.

The first time I ordered, they were out of spinach (I stray from the ordinary..), and they called to ask what I'd like instead. Understandable.

The second time I ordered, it was delicious and perfect. Woohoo!

The third time I ordered, we ordered a specialty pizza. It arrived missing two of the ingredients! It had also cooked unevenly in the oven, leaving one side perfectly cooked and the other slightly burned.  Unacceptable.  And if I hadn't been all flu-like and had noticed sooner, I would have called or even just sent it back with the delivery person.

I'm hesitant for a fourth try... when they're good, they're great.  It's just that they're not always good.
The pizza is amazing, as are the breadsticks. I just hate going in this place because it's frequently crowded with people. But hey, that's a personal preference. If you like food, GOOD food, definitely go here, but it's certainly not a quiet atmosphere.
after growing up on the east coast and then living in italy for several years i appreciate a good pizza and also have high expectations. spacolis pizza's is one of the best pizzas in town and also one of the best values. spacolis pizza's is not about the ambience. . . . it's about the pizza, the service and the pride that owners take in making a great pizza.
Man, I love this place. Hands down the best pizza you can find in Tempe. Their Deluxe pizza is one of the best tasting pizzas I've ever had - I get stoked every time I go to order it. All the employees sound like they're happy to work there when you talk to them, and the delivery is fast and cheap. Theres nothing lacking here
A very solid place.  Professional, good pizza, good prices, quick delivery.  Not outstanding, but just a good pizza at a good price.  The best in the area for delivery.
Best prizza! All the toppings are delicious I've had the pineapple and Canadian bacon pizza and the sausage and onion pizza. Also the special wings are on point OMG.  I'd suggest getting the pizza well done, it's a lot tastier and the crust is a good crunch.
Very very disappointed. It was movie night at my neighbors place and we decided on pizza. My friends had told me that this was the best place to get pizza so how to give it a try.
First, the pizza took more than hour to get to us. We were pretty starving by that point. Second, the pizza was cold when we got the box... What a miserable fail. I just ate it because I was so hungry, but after this experience, I'll probably go somewhere else as my first call for delivery pizza.
Very unsatisfactory.  After traveling all day to get to my hotel, I decided on pizza...what can go wrong, right?  I ordered delivery of the 14" deluxe and a 2 liter of diet Pepsi, my total was $21.27, and took about 35-40 min to get to me which was fine.  The smell was amazing...at first.  I thanked the delivery guy, added a tip and off he went.  I went in and washed my hands to get ready to dig in and that was the end of the good experience.  My first bite told me that the crust was a little burnt, I figured well, it's probably a brick oven pizza and it got a little hot on one side...NOT the case...the crust was completely burnt.  I know I could have called and complained, but I was starving from being in the travel mode all day, so I basically ate all the topping (which was pretty good).

I don't think I will risk another $20+ on this one.
Very fast preparation. Ordered the sandwich and it was ready by the time I made it down the counter. Regular subs are $4.25 for about 6". Loved the crushed ice in the soda machine. Right on the end of Tempe Marketplace next to D'Arcy McGee. The bread didn't blow my skirt up; a little stiffer than subway, but fresh.

I ordered the #5: Vito. Basic Italian sub. Good choice. Few seating options might be the drawback. Room for 10; otherwise it's carry out
Plus:
-Yummy sandwich! I got the #5 Vito. Your typical Italian (but also my fave!).
-FREAKISHLY fast preparation. 
-Crushed ice in the soda fountain.
-CHERRY COKE in the soda fountain!
-Inexpensive.
-Did I mention it was super duper fast?

However... Minus:

-Can't get pickles on your sandwich. They can sell you a whole one, though.
-The bread is just okay. Not my fav. Prefer Subway or Togo's.
-Pretty small menu. If you're looking for something 'different', don't go here.
-For the size of the sandwiches, they have a GAZILLION calories. Not a good place to go if you're dieting unless you don't plan on eating much else that day. Skip the chips!
As many of my friends know, I love Sandwiches.....especially Jimmy Johns.  I stopped by this location and ordered a #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Italian Capicola, Smoked Ham, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Italian Vinaigrette, $5.25) and added Hot Peppers, Vinegar Potato Chips ($1.39), and Soda ($.99).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IRpZS7EmmBeSM7oBnDd5iw?select=8nTOvKrKJYePvqOUklYa0Q
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IRpZS7EmmBeSM7oBnDd5iw?select=1BQbD18J_MjO5NVKs53BuQ

Of course the Sandwich was made within 2 minutes of ordering....I don't know how they can make a Sandwich so fast, but they do!

The Sandwich was excellent.....the Bread rocked of course and the Hot Peppers makes it so much better.

While I was there, I looked at the menu and the JJ Gargantuan Sandwich piqued my interest....I will try that next time.

Return Factor - 100%
Their delivery quickness is almost mutant-like. You order and BAM, they're here in 10 minutes. Ridiculous! Their sandwiches are pretty good too. Nothing amazing, but for a $4 Slim with mustard/mayo packets on the side and I don't have to move my ass from my seat all in 10 minutes flat? That sandwich suddenly tastes like a million bucks. Or like $8. Whatever.
Yesterday, I ordered the Gargantuan from JJ's.  Let me tell you, it was fantastic.

First of all, they have a delivery requirement of one sandwich.  That's it!  It's much more reasonable than many of the pizza places, that require you to spend $10 (or sometimes $20!) to be elegible for delivery.

I work out of a business right around ASU, and yesterday there was a man who was handing out samples.  I was so impressed with what I found, I figured that I should go ahead and order one.  It was a great choice.

First of all, they are fast... As they call it, "Freaky Fast".  They were here within 15 minutes of my order.  Talk about timely service!

Second, they made my sandwich perfectly.  The Gargantuan has tons of meat, lettuce, tomato, and special dressing to make it taste incredible.  

The reason that this review gets 5 stars is because of the delivery man.  When he delivered my sandwich, I paid with a $20, and he did not have change.  He told me that he would return and give me the change.  I was a little reluctant to give him a $20, but I went ahead and did so.  10 minutes later, he was back, asking for me.  He handed me back my change, without missing a single cent.  

Very good sandwich, fantastic service, and great prices.
I have been eating sandwiches at this place almost three days a week. I normally just get a the number #12 which is the turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, provolone cheese, guacamole, mayo, and I have them add hot peppers. This place prepares the sandwiches SUPER fast and it is completed within 15 seconds after paying. if you are in a hurry and want a decent sandwich this is your stop!
Love it! Best veggie sub EVAR! The staff is super friendly, always singing along to the music playing, and enjoying themselves.  They always make my sandwich the way I ask. Everything tastes fresh and delish!
My one complaint - delivery.  We live LITERALLY 1 1/2 miles south, basically in a straight line, from the store.  They will not delivery to Scottsdale. Totally lame.
We just stopped here as Slices no longer exits at TMP :(

For JUST cold meat sandwiches...they are over priced. Short variety and more than $3 for some salame, cheese in average white bread.....no thank you.
I love a good sub, and since I was here today, I stopped into Jimmy John's to grab some lunch after a hard day of shopping, slacking off, sleeping and overall counter productivity.

I went with the #2 big john, and it was tasty as always.  Service was great, food is awesome.  The only downside to this place is that the inside is really not set up for dining in.  It's painfully small, with one tiny side counter that you can stand at to eat.  There is seating outside, but if the weather is uncooperative, you are seriously out of luck.  (like in July when its 115, or if it's raining, you'd kind of be hosed.)

Because of the seating here, I would say plan on taking it out.  I mean, if the weather is nice, and you can find a place to sit, (which normally is easy to do) then you are in luck. If it's hot, or extremely crowded, then you would be stuck walking around Tempe Market place looking for place to sit down.

Will be back in the future, as its always nice to have something different every now and then. Prices are fair, service is great, and its a great place to grab a quick bite.
Stopped in for a quick bite on our way to the movies.

Food was decent, but extremely overpriced.  Most likely due to the Tempe Marketplace location.

The customer service was rough!  After dealing with the people behind the counter, I was reminded that having a customer service based conversation with a teenager can be as pleasant as a kick in the teeth.

I don't see a return visit in my future.
I never eat in the establishment, but they have great, fast delivery.  The subs are worth my time to eat!
Delicious! Great sandwiches and you can buy their "day old bread" to make you own sandwich at home. 

The really do have "freaky fast service".  Really reasonable prices on their sandwiches. 

Add hot peppers to any sub for an extra kick!
I'll try to keep this short enough so that you can read my review in the time it takes them to make a sandwich...

Super friendly (expect every employee to greet you when you enter)
Super fast (so fast you'll freak, as they say).  In fact I parked behind one of the delivery vehicles and my first thought was that I was able to be attacked when I heard this dude sprinting from the store to his truck.
Super yummy - I get the vegetarian sandwich, no cucumber.  It has a nice zesty avocado spread.

PS. Minus one star as the Phoenix-area locations don't serve any of their sandwiches with sprouts (contrary to the menu).
The only jimmy johns I have ever been to that refused to let me order a "side" of peppers. Unbelievable. Explaining to a high school teen how to wrap up the peppers with the sandwich, without putting it on the sandwich, was impossible. I love jimmy johns but I may go to other locations. The food was great, but customer service needs to go beyond just saying a "hello" at the door.
No more sprouts for the veggie subs, no substitutions or extra veggies in place of sprouts.  :o( 
Still yummy and fast.
Jimmy John's is the best.  The bread is always super fresh and chewy. The have super fast service and delivery. And I mean SUPER fast.  My sandwich was ready before I was done ordering.  Definitely go there.
Havent ran into a bad Jimmy Johns yet!!! Love love love it!
Only place ill ever order white bread. Bomb fresh.
Perfect location right next to the movie theater in tempe marketplace. i always grab a small sub to sneak into the movie. Mostly i go with the plan slim's which is basically just bread & meat some have cheese and my only complaint is they won't add anything like mayo, mustard to it. you have to get the packets of mustard or may. But i make do and just do turkey w mayo. The slims are cheap around $2-3 and are enough to fill me up. They are quick and can make one in about 30 seconds you're in and out the door.
LOVE the and sandwiches here. They're also fresh tasting. Never greasy. Only thing that irritates me, I used to work on Ash and Rio Salado and they would deliver, I now work a half mile further (1.7 miles from the closet location) and for whatever reason they don't deliver here... Seriously? You guys would make dough if you delivered to this office plaza!? Guess I'll have to eat crappy cafeteria food again...
I moved back to Phoenix less than a year ago, and in the 5 years I was gone Jimmy John's seemed to sprout up everywhere. I never tried it when I came back to visit, and when I moved back it took me awhile to finally stop in one. Well, I've now been to this location a few times and I like it. 

Honestly, when I first stopped in I wasn't all that impressed. Not by the taste of the subs themselves, but I didn't realize the menu here is pretty limited. There really isn't all that much to choose from. The toppings are pretty limited, and they ONLY have provolone cheese & white bread. That being said if you're gonna have limited options do it well, and Jimmy John's does. I would normally never order a sandwich on a white bread roll, but the ones here always taste soft & fresh. The sandwiches are also cheap, and the service is fast (like, REALLY fast). I'm not kidding when I say your order is ready almost immediately after you finish giving it.
Last week I visited this location for the first time and I was very pleased with my experience. Extremely fast service; I was in and out in about 5 minutes. The staff were very friendly. As usual for JJ, the sandwiches were delicious! I will absolutely go back to this location when I am in the area.
No. No no no. NO NO. NO. NO.
I love JJ's sandwiches. I'll give the god forsaken sandwiches 4 stars if I could. I've been to every JJ's in town, they are spread on the Phoenix map like the plague after all.
The service at JJ's is the worst thing I have ever seen next to Mcdonalds. For a sandwich place that pays their employees better than minimum wage, this is the most disappointing service and I am NEVER let down by it. I go in to JJ expecting the worst kind of service, and I receive exactly that. This location is one of the worst.
I've been here maybe 4-5 times, I love the sandwiches but I just absolutely dread going into this location if it wasn't for the convenience. Scratch that, I actually hate all JJ's. This is a long overdue rant. 
On New years, after I got off work I decided to get a sandwich. The workers were too tired or something? To even notice me or get off the table to take my order. When they did, he looked annoyed, tired, and looked like he was hating his life. Look son, I just got off from an 8hour shift too. It's almost 11pm and I just want a good sandwich and good service, is that too much to ask? I ask the worker if he could leave the bread in, and he takes the bread that he had in his hand (with the bread out) and tosses it with the most hateful expression I could imagine and grabs a new one. Sorry I don't want some bread sitting out with the bread off of it. He throws the sandwich together and I sit in the dining area to eat, the workers look even MORE equally annoyed because it probably is in their company policy that they are not allowed to sit while a customer is eating in the restaurant. I ask for napkins, he looks at me like I have inconvenienced him. I ask for a cup of water, he looks like I just asked him to climb mt. Everest for him. THIS WASN'T SOME REGULAR EMPLOYEE. This looked like some kind of lead, the manager, or SOMEONE important. Screw this. 
Two months later, I decided to go back because it's just simply a convenient place. Again, I love the sandwiches, it's just the service that sucks. I ask for the vito, and before I even finish saying it, the girl starts making it. I understand that you guys are FAST but let me finish saying "extra---" before you start grabbing the bread and slathering mayo all over it. Before I even finished the transaction, the girl gives me the sandwich. I didn't even have time to tell her add extra oil. not even extra cheese. I couldn't just open up the sandwich and tell her to pour oil all over it on the counter. What the hell. 
A month later, I come back. Maybe it'll be a better experience this time, I think to my self. It's not. 
I grab my waterbottle and I put it under the drink refill machine to get some ice and water. The worker immediately YELLS at me to STOP. I jump in surprise, and I look at him with confusion. This guy doesn't even tell me to stop refilling nicely, he just yells at me with the rudest language like I just stole his grandmother's money. He tells me that it's unsanitary and that I'm not allowed to refill my drink with my waterbottle here. 
Look guy, I work as a cook. I understand sanitary regulations and this is the first place I have ever heard of this. I UNDERSTAND for waterbottles that are extra elongated with small mouth openings that t will make a mess and it probably is unsanitary, but my water bottle was A LARGE OPENING SMALL CAMELBACK waterbottle that fit the refill machine PERFECTLY, and was a tiny 16oz thing that took up maybe half the space as a large JJ's cup. If I were drinking out of the stupid machine with my mouth and salivating all over it, you could yell at me all you want. If I was using the machine to take a bird bath in the store, you can also yell at me, that's fine. 
HOWEVER, even if what I'm doing is against the rules (there was no sign or anything), it gives you NO right to yell at a customer who paid over $20 for a sandwich. If he used polite language, then I would understand. If he approached me saying "Ma'am, you can't use this with the waterbottle" I would understand. Not, "STOP, YOU CAN'T DO THAT". Like I'm some 5 year old deaf child. Screw this.
I have tons more stories from other JJ's as well.
This review is catered to this store specifically, but other JJ''s services are not worth it. I wouldn't touch the store service with a 10ft pole. I don't know how they get away with making such wonderful sandwiches and having such TERRIBLE service.
What is there to say?

Yes, there are better tasting sub sandwich shops in Tempe - but they don't offer late-night deliveries to us (drunken) college folk until 4 a.m.

During the past two years I've never had a bad JJ's experience. If you're in the delivery zone, wait time is 30 minutes tops.  And they will deliver one sandwich without any extra fees. 

This particular shop is located just south of Ball So Hard University, next to Vista del Sol. In-store orders are quick and painless.

I recommend the Vito with hot peppers or Italian Night Club. 

Tonight I salute you, Mr. Jimmy John. 

Bon appetite.
Like their freaky fast subs... BUT

SO.MANY.DRUNK.KIDS.

And by kids I mean fellow ASU students whose parents just let them off their leash to run wild around ASU. This is the local drunk food hotspot on any Vuesday (Tuesday), Thirsty Thursday, Friday, Sat or Sun. Doesn't matter if it's 10am or 12am, you'll spot at least one girl stumbling through their doors.
Delicious. And Dr Pepper.
Not really a big sub person but thankful it's open so late at night after the dining hall closes. Fresh vegetables and decent sandwiches.
Check your order before you leave, got all the way home only to open the wrong order and I am a vegetarian so that was super disappointing.  Not my first choice of Jimmy Johns locations to go running back to.
HAIR IN FOOD! So I went in and ordered a number 14. Service was good, friendly staff. Took my sandwich home, took 1 bite and got a long, dark woman's hair in it. I call them and tell them, they say they will make me a new one and deliver it to me. I thought that was great. Took them 40 min to bring it! That is just plain ridiculous, when I order delivery it never takes that long! VERY disappointed with this location and will not return anytime soon! The management should be embarrassed by how this went down.
Let me just start by saying that I work at another jimmy johns location so I fully understand how things work here!

A few weeks ago my boyfriend got hair in his sandwich. Gross.

Today we tried it again and I ordered my sandwich with avocado. No avocado was on the sandwich. We called the store for a refund and the guy was a dick. Joked about giving us our money back. 

Will not return
I'll admit.  I was looking through the menu the very first time I stepped into a Jimmy John's (they don't have these in California or the east coast), and thought this place was crap.

So I decided to go here one drunk night of partying and ordered the Gargantuan.  Wow!  I hadn't had subs this good in a long time.  They make it very quick and it beats the hell out of those underachievers at Subway.  I feel sorry for those cheap fools who decide to go to Subway despite knowing they have a much better place nearby that doesn't even need to toast their subs to be deliciously good.
Fast delivery And Fast delivery and good subs
I've heard some people really rave about this place. They were so excited went Jimmy John's came to the valley. My review is based on a single experienced but it was definitely sub par. 

Am I the only one that has had a need for napkins or extra condiments? With the 7, count 'em, 7 kids in the sandwich preparation area and maybe 3 customers I was confused why when my girlfriend asked for napkins at the register, the girl told her they were at the other end.....literally like 5 feet away. So we walked 5 feet down and asked a different girl standing there and received napkins.

Went outside, sat down and realized there wasn't mustard on my sandwich. Went back inside and asked for some, "We don't have any." Yeah they don't have any salt, pepper, mayo, mustard or any self serve condiments. You have to get those things when it's being made. Weak. 

The bread was fresh, everything was really, but it was no where near an amazing sandwich. I'll probably try it out again but at least I'll know what I'm getting, an okay sandwich.
The first time I went in there I was baffled by the menu. I am used to the typical Subway experience where you're in a line, telling them condiment by condiment what you'd like. This place was different. Their menu already has a classic combination of ingredients stuffed into their bread. 

So I ordered the #1 - Pepe (Ham & Provolone basically). While I was sure I would like the combination, but isn't a sandwich shop always about the bread? Well, that's my opinion. And I have to say, their bread is lacking in my opinion. It's that tough bread that can't really be that good unless you have steel teeth & an iron jaw to chew it with. I just don't dig chewy bread. The service was great. They immediately attended to me and took my order, but the food itself, I just wasn't impressed with the bread.
I wish they had hot subs,but other than that,heaven sent,super fast delivery.except the mill location on weekends,duh.big sandwiches w bacon,stay gold yelp
I was at this local Jimmy Johns and below is what happened. You might think I am being a pain but I defend myself in the below emails. 

The sandwiches are great. I was grading this based upon lack of satisfying the customer.   

Thomas

Below is Jimmy's reasoning:

"I serve the people that serve you. The proper way to serve on the side is a plastic 2 oz cup and lid. The cost of the cup and lid is 32 cents. In order for me to pay employees, insurance, rent, utilities, overhead and interest on the loan for that store I'd have to charge $1.20 and I would make a dime. I made the decision that my customers would yell at me either way, but I made the call that you would yell at me more for charging $1.20 for peppers on the side as opposed to providing them at no additional cost by putting them either on or off, not on the side" Hope this clears it up for you bro, Jimmy

Heather





Heather

Doesn't make any sense on 2 points

1 Let the customer have it they ways they like it ( The juice from the hot peppers end up drenching into the sandwich and it tastes like a hot vinegar sandwich)
2 Consistency.... All operations should be a mirror image of each other. 

You might think I am being petty on this but when I go into a eating establishment I want it my way. If I asked for my mayo or oil & vinegar on the side it is not allowed even if I offer to pay extra?
I know food establishments are working on thin margins and I realize that extra condiments cut into the bottom line. But if  a customer offers  to " pay extra " and it is not allowed it does not make any sense. 
If JJ had charged me 50 to 75 cents more for my request it would have been pure profit. Please help me understand why JJ has made this decision when a customer offers to pay extra......... 



From: JJ Feedback [mailto:jimmyjohn@jimmyjohns.com] 
Subject: RE: Jimmy Johns Feedback Form Submission

Tom

Thank you for taking the time to write.

The information you received is correct, our corporate locations no longer offer peppers on the side.  You can either have the peppers on your sandwich or not at all.

Please note that it is up to the other franchisees whether or not to follow suit so you may find locations near you that do still offer them as a side item.

Hopefully this helps.

Thank you,
Heather






(At Jimmy John's we work hard to provide our customers with a dining experience that exceeds their expectations.  We welcome customer comments, questions and suggestions, and endeavor to respond  to each such customer inquiry in an informed and meaningful way.  Due to the large number of inquiries that we receive, as a general rule, we do not independently verify or confirm the specific facts of each such inquiry.  Each response to general customer inquiries is based upon the guidelines, specifications, procedures and best practices routinely prescribed by Jimmy John's to its vendors and individual stores.  This message is intended only for the use of the individual (s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and/or proprietary to Jimmy Johns. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, forwarding or copying of this communication is prohibited without the express permission of the sender. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original message).



From: webfeedback@jimmyjohns.com [mailto:webfeedback@jimmyjohns.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 15, 2011 2:54 PM
To: webfeedback
Subject: Jimmy Johns Feedback Form Submission

Data from form "Feedback form" was received on 9/15/2011 1:53:47 PM.
Form accessed when user clicks the Comments or Questions link
Field Value
Technical_Problem I need to report a problem I encountered at a Jimmy John's Store
Date_Visited_Month September
Date_Visited_Day 7th
Date_Visited_Year 2011
Time_Visited 5:00 PM
Store_State AZ
Store_City Tempe
Store_Address 840 E. Southern 
General Comment I visited the Jimmy Johns # 90038 Chk # 296 I paid for a Gargantuan sandwich and I asked for the hot peppers on the side. I was told that they could not do that. I said I would pay for them and I was told that because they were a corporate store they could not do this. I thought I did not hear the manager correctly and I asked him to repeat himself. What happened to having a sandwich the way I like it? I canceled the order and went to Jersey Mikes. I used to frequesnt Jimmy Johns 1 to 2 times a week until that day. I have not entered a Jimmy Johns since then and I tell freinds and aqquantances what happened. Please tell me if the manager was correct in his statement..... Thomas J Kissane
First_Name Tom


fullLocation AZ / Select a JJ Address / Select a JJ Address / Mesa / Chandler / Phoenix / Mesa / Tempe / 840 E. Southern 
Email "Jimmy Johns Feedback Form Submission"
ANY JJ location, Corporate or Franchise, that refuses my request for Hot Peppers , on the side, will .....

see me do an about-face, and watch MY BUNS walk out the door..
I don't get all the hype - this is a good sandwich at a good price. Though I like the vibe and the attitude reflected in their decor and promotional materials, but the product itself is nothing miraculous. I gotta say I love me a tuna sub now and they - it pains me to say that lowly Subway blows this tuna out of the water.
I wish they had other bread options (they have wheat BREAD but it's like as delicious as the french bread).

Fast service... Definitey can grab n go if you're in a rush.

My favorite is the BLT sandwich!
Jimmy Johns is so fast, and with all that extra time I get back, I like to take my gold over to the "i buy gold" place right next door.

Terrible joke, sorry.

I dunno it's decent food, and they got crushed ice. My favorite order is a turkey tom with mustard. Check it out. :D
Tried it for the first time this week. My sub was tasty but just a roastbeef and cheese sub on a cursty roll. Can't figure out what all the rage over this chain is about. It's fast service which is great when you need food fast. But it's a little over priced sandwhich and fountain drink both. My lunch was $8.  The place is clean but not really inviting as 90% of the customers take it to go or eat at an outdoor table.
Solid sandwiches and fast service. Great to get in and out with a group. Go with the beach club, tasty.
14 employees in the joint when I showed up at 11:30am- I imagine they had delivery drivers out as well. When my party of 4 walked in we were the only patrons, and we received the traditional raucous welcome. In true JJ's fashion, I was practically thrown my sandwich nanoseconds after being handed back my credit card. Went with the #9 this time- it's going to be very hard to try anything else there with how good this was. 

I head-faked toward the front door prior to using the men's room to see if I could trick them into a loud goodbye. It worked. I laughed, they didn't.
This location is NOT "freaky fast". I order from here when I am at work and it always takes about 30-40 min to get my one sandwich. The location by my home in Ahwatukee delivers in 10-15 minutes. 20 at the most. 

But as always, the subs are delicious.
Overwhelming on your first visit if you don't know what you want to order.  No kid meals.  You can't have anything "on the side".  I wasn't overly impressed with any aspect of the experience or food but it was okay.
Unprofessional and more concerned about chatting with each other than taking my order.  (There were about 10 JJ's staff there when I arrived, four or more of them on the customer side of the counter.)  The cashier had a bandaged hand and was understandably slow at making change but his slow response to take my order does not follow the "freaky fast" plan.  While I was waiting for my order I stood by the window and looked around at messy tables, a soda machine that needed attention and a dirty floor.  With all of that staff standing around doesn't it make sense that somebody should be cleaning?!  The one bright spot was a female employee who really seemed genuinely concerned about getting my order made and to me in a timely fashion.
Meh, Subway is better.  I'd rather go there and pick all the toppings I want, instead of being limited to the FEW toppings offered at Jimmy John's.  Plus, I always hear their ads advertising how fast they are, but when I went there last night my sandwich took a pretty long time to make!  At least 5 minutes.... definitely enough time for me to read that entire Dave Barry poster on the wall.

I will say that I like their bread better than Subway bread, but it's not enough to compensate for the other deficiencies.
Used to frequent this place when I lived in Arizona. Fast delivery and even better sandwiches. Love the beach club.
I first ate at Jimmy John's when visiting Montana a few weeks back.  I was excited to see that one just opened up not too far from my house.  I think this is a great place to get a great, inexpensive sandwich.  I've had two different kinds of sandwiches and I thought they were both delicious.  The bread is delicious and so are all the fixin's that go on the sandwiches.  The staff is very friendly (overly so?) and they make the sandwiches very fast.  If you're sick of Subway this place can definitely compete with the quality and price.
I really enjoyed my visit at Jimmy John's!! Had a BLT , great customer service. Soft bread, DELISH!!
Had my very first sandwich from JJ's yesterday...and I'm sad to say I was really disappointed. I really, really wanted it to be awesome after seeing all the other reviews for the other locations.

To be fair however, I bought my sandwich (Beach Club) at about 5pm, stuck it in the fridge as wrapped, and ate it about 3 hours later after the gym. The bread was incredibly stale/hard in some places and the only thing that I could really taste was the mayo. The avocado spread was visible but flavorless, as were the turkey and rest of the filling.

However, I got the Vito for my son who ate it within 30 minutes of bringing it home and he said he enjoyed it and that the bread was fine.  Perhaps these are just the kind of sandwich you have to eat immediately?

Guess I'll need to give ol' JJ another chance but for now it's two stars. Yes, they did make them super fast--but probably too fast that they failed to recognize that one of the rolls was stale. Boo.
Jimmy John's is one of my very favorite things in life. But being a long time Henderson local, I have been consistently disappointed in this location. No matter what time I come in, there seems to about a dozen teenagers working. These kids don't know anything about how Jimmy Johns does business. Twice now, I've ordered my favorite sandwich, #2 with the freebies. Both times, they have added peppers. This would NEVER happen at the other LV locations. Also annoying, last time I came in, they informed me they didn't have punch cards yet, but they happily stamped my card from another LV location. Today, they told me they don't have a stamper, even after I explained last time I came, I got a stamp. Step your game up, JJ!
Okay, gave them a second try and I'm afraid it wasn't much better this time around.  This time I ate it right away (a short drive back to work, less than 10 minutes) rather than refrigerating it like last time.

Still with the stale bread...what gives?  Can someone tell me if the bread is supposed to be a hard crust-style bread or if it's supposed to be soft?  The end that was not cut was super hard--crunchy like a cracker.  What a huge turn-off.

I got a Vito this time, hoping to salvage my last experience.  Again, still not much in the way of flavor except for the onions.  I would have figured the salami would have contributed flavor-wise...not so much.  Pretty much I ended up with a stale onion sub.  Ugh.

Jimmy John, I'm sorry but I'm so not impressed.
The Short of it: Sub-Way with better bread.

The Long of it: this location has a cramped space. Their assembly line style doesn't seem to lend itself to any faster service but it does create many mistakes. They have gotten my order wrong about 3 times (probably for the last time).  Ordering it on line didn't make it much better or save me any time getting back to work. On the plus side; it is clean and the food is fresh if lacking in flavor.  It's a little bit overrated. But if you want a little step up or change of pace from Subway and can't do without a sandwich it will do in a pinch.
If their customer service would have been better. I could have stretched a 3 star. But...
I started with the Vito. The bread was soft but had no taste which in most cases is OK because the taste should come from the meats/cheese/etc.
But even with deli meats, my pallet was barely moved. I probably shouldn't have had one so close to a Subway deli trio, cuz I had one the night before.
I initially introduced myself as a first timer, and I wanted to know about the ordering process. The order-taker kind of expected me to know what I'm doing. But when he got around to explaining I ended up having to view the menu board myself. I should add that the guy folded his arms on top of his register screen and leaned over it as if his job was back-breaking. 
Aside from him, one other order taker, two delivery persons, and maybe 4 sandwich makers, I would expect everyone to be on top of their game. But customer service was a department they don't have.
The only positive thing I observed is that my sandwich was ready in seconds. But even then, I had to bag it myself with the rest of my over-priced combo.
The sandwiches are very fluffy and soft. Everything on their menu is very healthy and delicious. But there isn't one in San Diego :o(
Amazing!
It's Jimmy Johns. Get in, get your sandwiches freaky fast, don't forget to order a pickle, look at the cool signs, eat it, and then beat it. 

The staff at this location knows how to smile and is friendly...and the food is consistently good. And the fountain drinks are mixed properly and don't suck. What more do you need?
Another visit, another great sandwich. They're getting an updated review because the fountain drinks were funky tasting. Also I was told I could order just a half pickle, they gave me a whole one. And their Skinny Chips...bleech, won't buy those again. 

Still for speed of service and a great sandwich, along with service with a smile means even though they messed up they still keep their 4 stars.
The good thing about this place is they are quick. If you want a sandwich on your lunch break then go for it. Lightening fast, almost no wait for something freshly made.
 Everything was fresh, normal depending on your appettie. The prices aren't too high but that is because the sandwiches aren't very big. The quality is much better than the competitors (subway anyone?).
 The mayo is great but I could pass out thinking of the fat content alone. It comes in those huge restaurant tubs. So if you are health conscious on any level skip the mayo.
 I would come here before other places in an emergency, it just wasn't my bag. But most of that is for me personally A lot of deli meats really bother me so the place leaves very little for me to choose from.
 I'd rate this as a fresh and safe, a quick staple quick lunch sort of place. It's clean and reliable.
Decided to come here for lunch after work. My man picked me up and we were in the mood for a sandwich. I was so glad we found a JJ's nearby! The store was clean and employees very helpful and friendly.

I ordered a "Beach Club". It had Fresh baked turkey breast, provolone cheese, avocado spread, sliced cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I asked them to leave the sprouts off and they said they didn't offer them anymore so I don't know if that is just this location no longer offering them or all of them. This sandwich was delicious! I could eat one everyday! The cost for this sandwich was $5.75

My man had the "Italian Night Club". He actually ordered 2 of these because he has a big appetite and the sandwiches are just 8 inches so not quite the footling you would get at Subway. This sandwich had genoa salami, Italian capicola, smoked ham, and provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, and Italian vinaigrette. This sandwich also cost $5.75

JJ's delivers an caters. You can place orders online.

I love JJ's! The prices are very affordable for what you get. This will make a great lunch stop while working on this side of town. I'm a fan and will be back!
Serioulsy my FAVORITE Sandwich.  And I love that the team is SUPER efficient, friendly and helpful!  Phone orders are ALWAYS ready when I get there and even when we ordered 10 sandwiches with serious modifications, they got every single sandwich correct.  

I heard the sprouts are coming back soon too!  Can't wait.  The Beach Club isn't the same without them.
I'm giving JJ's a 4-star rating because they no longer have sprouts as a franchise. Everything is still great, I guess, but having sprouts made their sandwiches infinitely more interesting. They are always friendly and the sandwiches are fresh and arrive quickly. There is also a Subway in this shopping center, but bleh, JJ's is so much better.
Like my tip said, "IM FREAKING OUT MAN!"

They make subs so fast you'll freak! That is one of their mottos. Yes it does hold true.

I ordered the #10 Hunter's Club because I love roast beef and this sandwich has the most they pack from all of their choices. Everything was good from when you order all the way up to when you receive your food. They have an assembly line style of system, that's why they can make your food fast. 

For you first timers, here's the breakdown. All their sandwiches are 8 inches long. Now from the sandwich choices you have numbers 1 through 6 which is just your basic sandwiches with everything in it. (refer to their website for descriptions of each sandwich. Didnt wanna do it here because I know you dont wanna waste your time reading this). Numbers 7 through 17 are sandwiches that have twice the meat and/or twice the cheese. You also have slim sandwiches which are any sandwich choice minus the veggies and sauce. For you carb conscious folks they have the JJ Unwich. Everything is the same except it's wrapped in lettuce instead of it being inside the bread. And finally, you have their ultimate sandwich called the JJ Gargantuan. Get this only if you are really hungry.

So once you decide what category you want, the choices get much easier since you wil decide based on how really hungry you are.

I gave these guys 4 stars because of the really fast service and pretty good sandwiches. The only reason its not 5 stars because any time I want a sandwich, I think of something hot, like cheesesteak or meatball or turkey with melted cheese. So JIMMY, if you are reading this, I NEED A HOT SANDWICH! 

So for their complete menu, (and maybe some of you agree with me on a hot sandwich so be my guest if you wanna chime in as well) www.jimmyjohns.com
Gourmet? What a joke. Only in places like Henderson could they get away with calling it that. "Mediocre" is a compliment. Shredded iceberg lettuce, anyone? Does it get any more gourmet?! Gourmet prices, that's about it. They can't even be bothered to cut the damn things in half. Gave it 2 chances over the course of a year. Never going back. Subway is vastly superior, no joke.
So what's the big deal about this place?? Well I was about to find out. By the time I placed and paid for my order I just took two quick steps to pick it up and BAM there was my sandwich! Woah freaked me out Jimmy J! No joke, that FAST! 

Prices was super reasonable. Most are under five bucks for a sandwich.

Ordering is really easy. There is menu above the counter and for us losing our eyesight there is a HUGE menu on the wall you can easily read.  Sandwiches are divided by Subs and Clubs and numbered. And for the picky eaters like Mr. B who likes just meat and bread (no veggies & sauce) in their sandwiches they have Plain Slims,tell them you want Slim #1,2, etc. from the Sub side of the menu. Those sandwiches set you back  just $3.75. 

The UNwiches - Love the fact you can get any of their sandwiches listed on the menu wrapped in lettuce.  The lettuce wrap was crisp, cold and held up my #3 Turkey Tom Unwich pretty well. 

Ratio of bread/lettuce wrap meat, cheese, veggies and condiment was just right amount. Serving size for the 8" orders we had were just enough for us. Quality and taste was pretty good. The turkey was pretty lean and so was the smoked ham meats in Mr. B's order. Everything was fresh and well chilled.

Minus Stars for:  no hot sandwiches...but then again that takes longer to make and then it wouldn't be freaky fast now would it?  ...and also they still list Alfalfa sprouts on their sandwiches but due to recall they no longer put them on. Pssst Jimmy J...get a black marker and black out the word "Alfalfa Sprouts" from your menu. 

You can dine in. The place is small but they manage to squeeze in a bunch of booths that sit two people and there are high table and chairs in the back area.  Also outdoors shaded area with 2 sets of  patio table and chairs.  

Service not only freaky fast but friendly as well.  Before we stepped in, one of the employees came out to let us know they had a bunch of soccer teams who cleaned them out of bread! They were baking some more and it would take another twenty minutes for it. No big deal, went and did some shopping at Target and came back...and the employee didn't charge us for drinks for the inconvenience. That was cool. 

Happy to add JJ's as another go to lunch spot!
If you eat there or have it delivered, Jimmy John's has fast service, great food & good prices.

The key to their amazing sandwiches is their fresh homemade french bread!!! They  have a multi-grain bread which is good and a low carb option with their lettuce wrapped unwich, but there is just something so yummy about their french bread. 

My husband loves their Gargantuan! It has ALL the meat on it! But i suggest telling them ez on the oil and vinegar, otherwise you'll have a handful of oil when your done eating it.

I have tried several of Jimmy John's sandwiches, but I usually switch between two. The first being the #12 Beach Club which comes with turkey, provolone cheese, avocado spread, tomato, cucumber and mayo. I always add onion too.  My other favorite is the #13 Gourmet Veggie Club; it has double provolone, avocado spread, cucumbers, tomato, lettuce and mayo.

The #14 Bootlegger Club is also a very tasty choice if you dig roast beef and turkey. I like to add cheese and onion to this one as well. The #15 Club Tuna is very good if you like a tuna sandwich; it comes with provolone, cucumber and tomato. 

If you like chips they also have yummy bbq kettle chips. Also, my favorite crushed ice in their sodas.

Jimmy John's used to have alfalfa sprouts as an option on their sandwiches, but they have been removed them from the menu.  Last year I read they were going to slowly re-introduce alfalfa sprouts back into the stores, but as of now, they have not come back to Vegas.

If you are looking for a quick and satisfying place to have lunch Jimmy John's is the place!
Truth in advertising can be found at Jimmy John's.  They really are freakin' fast.  I come here a lot for lunch during the work week because sometimes I only have 30 minutes to spare.  During Lent, I had the #6 veggie sub more than once, but my usual order is the #2, the Big John roast beef sandwich with easy mayo.  Perusing the nutritional info this week, I learned that the veggie sub has more calories and more saturated fat than the roast beef sub--hmmm, more reason for me to stick to the #2.  This is the only place I've been where I've seen employees running in and out of the restaurant--they're delivering those subs as fast as they can!  I'm a fan.
I freakin love Jimmy John's. 

The staff are excellent and it seems that this location has about five billion on shift at all times. They are friendly, polite and so quick no matter how busy they get. 

The bread is delicious. You can buy day old loaves for 50 cents which is a great deal to freeze for homemade sandwiches at a later date. 

All ingredients taste fresh and light. I prefer this sandwich shop to another popular sub shop any day of be week.
I was told that they were super quick even when it's busy. I was a little skeptical because I only had about 15 min to get back to work so I went anyways. 
As I parked in the busy parking lot, I saw a car next to me park an 4 guys came out and I was like "I need to get out of my car and seriously run to the door to be next in line!". Of course I didn't do that cuz I didn't want to make a fool out of myself.  The place is small kind of reminds me of the setup of wingstop on rainbow and twain.  There were probably 6 people I front of me but in no time I was ready to order. 
I ordered the 'Turkey Tom' it was pretty good.
Yum yum yum!  The bread at this jj is always soft and delish compared to the other jj's in town.  Tip:  ask them to cut it in half so the meat doesn't slide out if the bread on every bite.
So, if you look at their website on the menu tab...the sandwich looks nothing like the one that you will receive. Okay, I get that. Pretty photo on the website, slapped together sandwich when you pay for it.

The Jimmy John's by my house is at the most 2 miles away.. We share the same zip code. However, when I type in my zip code for their delivery, a message pops up that they do not currently deliver there...

Uh kay.

Walking in, it's three boys that look like they still belong in high school. I've interrupted their joking session, because the restaurant was empty. And I know I'm not some smoking hot 16 year old....so my presence isn't very welcomed.

 I place my order. My sandwich, I get a #5 vito. I ask them to put mayo on it, because the first few times I got it, it's dry. Add hot peppers and take off the tomatoes. I then order two more subs, that ends up around $18.

I put $2 in their tip jar. Waiting for my food didn't take long. One of the boys asked me if I wanted a bag....... 

For three sandwiches, yes, I want a bag.

He plops the three sandwiches on the counter, along with my receipt, and a bag, he says, "here ya go". and goes about his business. 

OKAY, really?
Capriotti's puts sandwiches in a bag.
Hell, EVEN Subway puts sandwiches in a bag.

But I guess that's my responsibility.
Cool, I'll remember that next time before I leave you all a tip.
Very good sandwiches and good value IMO. 

I'm glad Jimmy Johns has finally expanded into the Vegas valley. I have been a Jimmy Johns fan for a long time since they are a big chain back in NE Illinois where I am from originally. When I moved out west here the only place for subs in town were the SubWay's that seem to be on every corner here.

IMO Jimmy Johns blows Subway away. Their "small" 8" subs have more meat and cheese than a 12" from Subway. JJ's uses much better quality ingredients too. You can really taste it.

With Subway jacking up their prices and skimping big time on the meat and cheese lately, JJ's is a great value. The large subs like the Italian Night Club easily have twice as much meat as a 12" Italian BMT from Subway.

MY favorite subs are the Vito, Italian Night Club (without mayo), and the tuna (love the tuna!). 

I've been to this location several times and have received adequate fast service so far. No issues to report.
Went in a few times after thinking my sandwich was not made correctly.  I realized it was my fault but the folks still took care of my request.  Will definitely go back!
I am completely obsessed with this place. Super fast good quality subs with plenty of staff and good service. The sandwiches are amazing and a good price. I love them and go there almost every week!
Gone to Jimmy John's twice this week. Man they have the best subs anywhere.
We've been several times, it started out great I love the vegetarian sub, much better then Subway! In the last couple of visits quality and service have both gone to nothing.  I'm really sick of annoying restaurants skimping on veggies when you order a vegetarian something.  I'm guessing they don't skimp on ham if you order a ham sandwich!

Not sure we'll be back.
Jimmy john is one of my favorite place to grab but after tonight it went down hill. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich and took it home once I got home it had ham and what not. It was the worst sandwich I ever got!!!! I called and they said I'd have to go drive back to get the sandwich I wanted in the first place. This is dumb and very annoying.  So to warning to all customers check ur order before going home.
I love love Jimmy Johns.  Super good whole grain AND French bread.    I'm a Pepe #1, awesome ham and provolone cheese with just lettuce, tomato and mayo, it's divine.  I'm also a big fan the Beach Club, turkey, avocado spread, sprouts, etc.  Yum!  
The guys/gals at Avondale totally rock. I'm a freezebox all the time so my only advice is to turn up the temp a few degrees (I just bring a sweatshirt).  Can't say enough good things - love this place!!
Was really disappointed today.  

The girl at the front was totally distracted and looking around while taking my order.  I think I had like one slice of turkey on my sandwich.  I always order no mayo here because they seem to like to overdo it...so today I ordered dijon mustard and there was hardly any at all.  

Usually this place is really good, but not today.  I will go back and see if maybe today was just "one of those days".
Great subs!
Twice in the last 4 trips to JJs we got home and the sub didn't have the toppings we asked for. Second time it happened we called to complain and they insisted it was our fault. They told us we could drive it back and they would give us a new one. No thanks, won't ever be driving back there.
I eat here at least twice a week. Always fast and delicious.
#12 beach club is great!  I cant believe I love a sandwich with cucumbers on it!?!  Its a turkey sandwich with cheese and avocado spread, the bread is fresh and the combination of flavors make this sandwich so great.  Service is good here, and the place looks pretty new and clean inside.  My daughter lives nearby so I hit this place up now every time I go to visit her which seems to be often since she is always in the need of money, furniture, food (I could go on...)
Jimmy johns sucks
My review shall be like their service: Fast.

Good sandwiches done by the time I pay the cheap bill.  Hits the spot every time.
very disappointed-
went in just minutes before closing time... was just getting a "quick" sub & drink to go. there was 1 other customer in shop. i parked in handicap parking spot right in front. made my order filled my drink. had a seat to wait for my sub (*because of my handicap) "shift mgr. graham" had stepped out to give that other customer something that was accidentally left out of his order.  as graham came back in he says "just so you know,  we're closed" then gave me an awkward look... then walked away... & i know he knew that i was dumbfounded by his comment because he kept awkwardly looking over at me - i hadn't even received my food- how did he know if i was or wasn't planning to eat in shop or leave.  or was that just his way of saying get out...???  well when i did receive my food i had asked for his name so i could call back the next day to speak to management.  graham had the employee that who gave me his name, & he wasn't aware that is good friend text my son to "apologize if he sounded disrespectful" not even 5 minutes after i left the shop... seems to me that graham was rethinking the way he was speaking to customers... ya think???
First experience with a JJ's an was impressed with the speed of the sandwich making process if nothing else. The sandwich was on par with some of the better I've had elsewhere, maybe not as good as Lenny's but better than Subway.
"The #4.. ( turkey tom ) very simple turkey and cucumber and mayo.. need to try #12 ( beach club ) now that's a sandwich."
Jimmy John's makes pretty good sandwiches I like the number two.  one little problem with them too much ice  in there drinks  .three good swallows of soda all you have is a cup full of ice
For the most part, their sandwiches are delicious, as long as their staff is paying attention!
   Earlier this week, my fianc and I picked up sandwiches to go, only to find out once we got to work that his was made incorrectly. We called and asked if they would be willing to deliver the correct sandwich to our business which was located less than a mile away, (if we didn't have to be at work we would have just taken it back) however they told us policy wouldn't allow them to do that and we would have to come to their location with receipt to make sure they actually made it. That's understandable, inconvenient, but I understand business's have regulations.. We decided to let it go.

  We tried it again tonight, thinking our previous experience was a fluke. And once again, took our food to work, and my sandwich was completely incorrect. This time we brought it back.

  IF I ever want to eat from here again, I'll make a point to open up the sandwich and check before I leave the store since the employees do not pay attention to customized orders.
Friendly, fast service everytime I come in to eat.
All of the subs are the freshest quality.
Love JJ's.  Only wish they had a drive-through.   Most times they are extremely fast and I can be in and out in 4 minutes.
Very rude when I called, young girl asked me my cross streets 3 different times and each time I gave it to her, she asked for them again. I live less than 3 miles from their location and she tells me they can't deliver here.  Looks like no more Jimmy John's for me anymore.  If the young lady answering the phone had any intelligence and understanding how to talk to someone on the phone, I would have drove down there and picked it up, but she was so rude I will go someplace that has the desire to hire someone with intelligence and manners.  Just being real here.
Worst customer service ever. The manager actually laughed at me when I said I was upset with the customer service. He gave me a big cocky smile and nodded to the door. I bought lunch for my whole office and asked if they could bag the food. He screamed at me ''WE DON'T DO THAT HERE!'' ''YOU WANT IT BAGGED, DO IT YOURSELF''. Everybody at my office has had the same experience they've said. Some days they will do something and the next day its something they don't do. I've read some other reviews and it looks like a very common thing at this location. Proceed with caution, don't ask for any special dressings, keep your head down, and get out is what they want.
Had an issue with the service and food here.  However, manager resolved it and I gave the place another try, and it was fresh and good.  So, if you like Papa John's then give this location a try!
Put in online order at 10 am for a 12 pm delivery which was confirmed as ok. It's 12:40 pizza still not here. Called and got attitude from the employee and no help no offer of discount. Will not be using them again.

EDITED: The Manager did an EXCELLENT job.  Removed the charge, apologized on behalf of his employee and the situation.
The pizza at Papa Johns is great, however the service and reliability of this location is not. Their online ordering system confirms that you will get your pizza before their real location even opens and knows how many orders that they have for the lunch rush. If you call because your pizza is over 45 minutes late, you get attitude--maybe because others have been calling with the same problem. Use another location.

EDIT: The manager, Matthew, did a great job at rectifying the situation.
Online Order would not work...
Called in Order...
New Employee, gave order 3X
Arrived Wrong!!!! Pizza under done, No side of marianara as ordered.

Why bother Order from a cpizza hain if they cant do anything right?
Ruined the whole reason for ordering a pie
For 30 bucks I can grill steaks

That is what I will do in the future
Papa Johns SUCKS!!!!!!!!
My first time at this location was a success.  The store was clean and bright.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  The pizza was hot and the ingredients fresh and tasty.  What puts Papa John's above other takeout pizzas is the slightly sweet sauce they use.  Just like Mama use to make!
Ordered 8 pizzas for my son's party at LaserQuest.  They work with Papa John's so it was very easy.  However, one of our pizzas had a long strand of hair embedded in the cheese.  When I talked to the Papa John's they apologized and said they would apply credit to the Papa John's by my house.  

I just called and before I ordered I verified whether they had my credit.  The lady said no and transferred me to the manager.  

The manager could've nicely said that the other restaurant wasn't authorized to give me a credit but he was a total a$$hole.  

Sorry Papa John!!!  Plenty of pizza joints within a one-mile radius of me.
This will be the last time I order pizza here. This is the second time we get sick by ordering here. I walked in after ordering online and still had to wait about 10 min for me to get the pizza. The customer in front of me was having  a very difficult time placing order with the staff. I came home with The Works pizza and the pizza was soggy. After about 15-20 min our stomach starting to hurt. Bad very bad experience. Placed my concern on their website and never heard from them. DO NOT ORDER from this location.
Why am I giving another pizza chain a 5 star review? Because they have a rewards program then keep earning me free pizzas that actually do taste good. I order online and every time you order papa point accumulate. It only works if you order online for the papa points. Not only do I earn points when I order but they just randomly give me enough points for a free pizza for ordering. Once over super bowl last year I did a coin toss online and guess correct so they gave me a free large 3 topping pizza then too. They also often have a promotion where when you buy a pizza online you get a free pizza on your next order.

I usually always pick up my order because I feel like a lazy ass having them deliver me free food. I still give a tip as a thanks. They always open my pizza and show it to me to make sure it is right. The pizza here is good and the ingredients are fresh. the crust is tasty and goes well with the free garlic butter in each pizza box.

Stay away from the chicken poppers. They are gross and taste like something you got from the cafeteria in grade school. Maybe worse.
Worst Papa John's in Las Vegas I ordered for delivery.  The price was ridiculous $30 for a K are one topping and 16 wings but whatever we were hungry. Ordered half bbq wings and half buffalo easy right. Okay after an hour the driver gets to the house all the wings are buffalo. Okay no big deal maybe they will give me a discount oh no that was to much to ask for mind you my 6 old son can't have buffalo but who cares. The manager called me a liar and said I never in formed her and only the distract manager could discount.  Really geez I guess we were born yesterday.  I've worked for a pizza place don't give me that then she told me to give the food back to the driver. Or pay full price since I didn't want a credit. Can I say customer service.  Needless to say will never order from this location.
Ordered the double pepperoni with bacon & add spicy sausage please. Where's the bacon, where's the sausage. Very Dry. Little to no cheese or sauce !!   Not Good !!
My first and last pizza from Papa John's & this location.
This is a brand new location and it's in a pretty convenient location.  We stopped in for one of my favorite sandwiches (the Vito) and we were not let down.  The music that was playing was just as awesome as the sandwich. After trying numerous sandwich joints, Jimmy Johns is by far my favorite.  I would totally pick Jimmy Johns over the likes of Subway- Give em' a try!
I ordered Jimmy Johns online to be delivered. They were super fast! (delivered my sandwiches in less than 15 minutes! The sandwiches were really good, and made just how i ordered. 

Super impressed.
Jimmy John's does not have hot sandwiches or soups.  They specialize in making sandwiches (a variety) and making them FAST.  If you are looking for a quick meal and don't want to eat fast food hamburgers this is the place to be.  The portions are large so find someone to share your meal with or just save it for the folks at home.
Huge sandwiches for under $5, a steal on the east side of Mesa! 

I had the #1 Pepe (gourmet style ham + cheese), without Mayo.  I LOVE provolone, so it was right up my alley.  Chips and a drink extra as a combo for I think under $9).  

Extremely fast service, they made our meals directly to order; took literally around 2 minutes.  We came early, a little before 11am so there was no busy rush.  

It's good for what it is; just be aware nothing is toasted or hot; they only serve cold sandwhiches.  I'd give it a 3.5 if I could, but I'll round up for fast service.
My first time at Jimmy John's was today. The best thing I can say about this sandwich shop is that they have that good, crunchy ball ice. 

SERIOUSLY! That was the only good thing about this place.

The sandwiches were bland and didn't even have all the ingredients that the menu stated they came with and there was no options of a healthier wheat bread versus the white bread. How bad was it? I only managed to eat 1/4 of this tasteless sandwich.

I don't like Subway, but Subway far exceeds Jimmy John's.

You want a real sandwich? Go to Cheba Hut.
My sister in law and her fiance took us to Jimmy Johns after discovering it. The location is really convenient to us, which is great.

I enjoyed my sandwich. The branding is a little intense. EVERYTHING, right down to the chips, is branded with the Jimmy John's logo. It's all good but it's a little crazy.

The sandwiches are big and the cookies they sell by the register are huge! Prices don't seem too bad either. A nice sandwich stop.
I love Jimmy John's and am extremely happy to have one closer to my house!
I have to say I love jimmy john's....  I tried it when it first opened and I have to say that I am a regular.  Since I eat here so often I wish that they would  issue stamp cards so I can get a free sandwich...  = )  (hint, hint)  Oh well I'm sure I'll  be back... I always get the #9, its soo good. They make the sandwiches so fast and I heard that they deliver.
I have no idea what makes their veggie sandwiches better than anyone else's but it's the only thing I order when we stop at Jimmy John's!  They are so tasty!!  They are known for being 'fast'  .. and it's no hype ... my sandwich is usually done by the time I'm done paying!  We are also fans of their low-fat chips .. they don't taste 'low fat' but I'm going with it!
I think the best kept secret of Jimmy John's is the wheat bread. I'm consistenly a Bootlegger Club (high protein, no cheese) and a pickle. I love a good dill pickle!
Average sandwich...tuna was bland.
I dont know why I've never noticed it before but I actually hate their greeting as I walk in. The last thing I want to hear is a bunch of impersonal HI'S!!! or HELLO!!! as I walk in from about 10 different people.  I really don't like eating inside this specific location as it seems much louder than others I've been to in the past. I usually get my sandwhich then head next door to Five Guys and just buy a drink so I can sit and enjoy my meal in quiet. 

That being said I simply love their subs. Their mayo is the best hands down and pretty much makes the sandwhich. I looked up their nutritional value online and unfortunately at 700 calories per sub it wasn't looking too great as a healthy alternative to the surrounding fast food places. Still if I'm craving a sandwhich I'd prefer Jimmy Johns over other sub sandwhich places. Subway *cough*
Love the fast service when too lazy to cook. The food is great.
I eat here a lot. It's a good value for the price. Then sandwhiches are better then subway and way cheaper! Love them.
Heard good things.  They aren't true.  Very little meat.  Lettuce and cucumber sandwich, pasty bread. Nothing special, just fastfood.
This was the first time we had Jimmy Johns.  And we used the delivery service.  I had the BLT and man was it good.  My husband had a roast beef and Mom had ham and cheese.  And the delivery was super fast.  We defiantly will eat here again!
BEST SUBS IN THE VALLEY. so delicious, always super fast and very friendly. never dissapointed.
Was going to order online.. The entire process was such a hassle and in the end I was told I cannot order online.. I guess I can take my business and money elsewhere.. If there was a way to rate with negative stars, I certainly would!!
Gourmet, I think NOT!  More like production built tasteless subs with music so loud my wife had to turn her hearing aides off. You can't even get regular chips, everything is branded and did I mention that the music is really REALLY loud! No I would not recommend this to anyone that does have ear buds playing their own loud music and wanting a tasteless sandwich.
I love Jimmy Johns!!! It is one of my favorite sandwich places. Scratch that, it is my only favorite sandwich place. They are delecious! The staff of course is always very fast, if you are new to Jummy Johns prepare for a little anxiety when ordering lol.
Had my first experience here yesterday, and the first thing I noticed was that everyone seemed to be enjoying their job. The folks behind the line were chatting and smiling (with each other and customers)  while working as fast as the wind! (two things you rarely see happen at the same time) Being a first timer, the fellow taking my order helped me out a bit, We went for a #5 Vito (Italian)  #9 Italian Night Club  and a Gargantuan (tons of different meats all double amount, it's 2-3 meals in one bun!) 

What distinguishes JJ' to me is that everything tastes so fresh. The meats and cheese taste like they were just sliced, not sliced days before and vacuum packed.
 And I know the bread at Subway is baked fresh, but this bread just tastes fresher and better. I thought I would miss the extra flavors and such subway offers but I didn't. Quality ingredients really shined through.  I had them put extra vinaigrette and hot peppers (not really that hot) to add a little depth of flavor, and it was far from over soggy, but worked out just right.
Is this the best sub I've ever had in my life? Nope, but at a average of $6 apiece it's a surprise and best Bang For Buck sub I've ever had. And it IS one of the freshest tasting subs I've had in recent memory. They also will deliver just one sub, most places have a $10 minimum, how refreshing is that?
As to complaints about the music, I found the music to be no louder than most places. Quieter than 5 Guys, MUCH louder than Village Inn.
Always friendly and quick service. Their bread is fantastic.
I generally enjoy Jimmy John's and this place is literally 1 mi from my house, which are the only reasons I continue to give this location business. The employees are mentally very slow and they have screwed up my sandwich on several occasions. I don't order anything difficult either, usually just no tomato and sometimes I request mayo on a slim. NOT VERY COMPLICATED STUFF. 

It's Jimmy John's. It's relatively fast and cheap. Liek the saying goes "Fast, Cheap, Good. Pick two, cause you'll rarely find all three. I dread going in to order just because I can feel the level of "idiot" in that place and it's stressfull.
Awesome and FREAKY fast! I don't know how they do it but I love it!
I worked here for a month and a half.  This place isn't what it's cracked up to be.  The place is clean, I will give it that, but it's definitely not my go to place for sandwiches.  They only offer cold sandwiches and the quality isn't that great.  I'd go other places.
Getting our quick jimmy john's fix. All sandwiches are hella good here. Always fresh as you order. I love this place. No matter sandwich you get, you can't never go wrong. Fast service is always a plus. It's better than subway, just saying.
Usually love this place, and dig the #5 Vito...figured out the secret to how fast they are...they forget to add meat to their sandwich!! Not happy and very hungry!!
Two words: MAYO and Bread. Too much mayo and the bread is stiff. I can make the same sandwich at home and that doesn't say much for Jimmy John's. I've ordered from here and I've been in the store. Yes you are left to fend for your own bag, napkins etc. I give them all the credit for getting me the sandwich extremely quick, but the quality of the subs are average. If I was ever to like one particular sub out of them all it would be the Gargantuan. I don't know if I'd order from them if I have the time and could drive over to Jersey Mike's. Great for being in a pinch.
I know you can't expect the world from a fast food sandwich shop but Jimmy John's is seriously awesome. The subs are leagues beyond Subway and they really are "freaky fast". I really think they make a delicious sandwich here.
For a place that says they deliver their delivery radius is very small. I live less then 5 miles from 3 jimmy john's locations and none of them deliver to my apartment complex, which is 2.5 mile from one of the locations.
The best sandwich place! I love their sandwich! Always fresh and customer service are excellent. I don't have to wait forever for my order!
Jimmy Johns has got to be my guilty pleasure. Love the Beach Club and the salt and vinegar chips. This location is fairly new and it does the JJ chain well. Although they do keep the music louder than I'd like. Great place, great sandwiches.
As of this post, I am a recent convert to Jimmy John's.  This location is closest to me and overall I am happy with them.  (The fact a few of the drivers are starting to joke around on occasion should help verify that.)

Their sandwiches generally have great flavor and their staff is usually really friendly as well as being on the ball.  They may not be as  fast as their commercials teasingly hint at but they are pretty quick.

I do however wish their subs had a bit more meat.  Also their menu and staff state that the dill pickles are 99 cents but I always get charged $1.50.  I don't like the fact what I am told and what I am charged are never the same.  It ain't much but the principle bugs me.  

I debated on the rating but the latter items bug me just enough to where I had to give them 3 out of 5.  Good with room for improvement.  I've had much worse however.  :)
I just ordered from them again.  The person who took my order was fast, prompt and very nice.  One of the best order takers I have experienced in some time.  

The order arrived quicker than I expected, which is a bonus.  The delivery person was a beautiful and charming woman who smiled and was also nice.  4/5!
Yeah, I'm going to give it 5 stars, because why not?  When I don't feel like cooking or waiting in line at another "fast food" restaurant or sitting down to order an expensive meal, Jimmy John's is my go-to meal.  I'm not even going to call it a guilty pleasure, because I don't feel even a little bit guilty about this pleasure.  Seriously.  

I don't think I've had to stand in this restaurant for more than 5 minutes, including ordering.  #5 with salt & vinegar chips.  Maybe 2 bags of chips.  If they sold party or family sized bags of those deliciously sour and salty chips, I would buy them in bulk - damn my figure.  Oh, and the employees are always smiling and cheerful, regardless of the day.  

I do wish they were open later (they're only open til 9pm...so at least til 10pm, or 2am would make this Jimmy's my second home) and I REALLY wish that they delivered farther than the small area they deliver to.  I only live about 4 miles away, and I'm outside of their delivery zone.  I guess this is what's keeping me from being the ultimate lazy-ass though...having to physically drive to pick up my sub.  It will always be worth it.
I'm only giving one star as I have no choice (that I can tell).

Here's my story...

Yesterday we called to have food delivered.  After the experience I had, I wrote on their facebook wall.  "They" wrote me back to ask if I had spoken to a manager about my experience.  This is my response back...

Yes I did but by that time, the csr Ryan had already upset me so bad, there was no going back. The guy was the rudest I've encountered yet. We are walking distance from the cutoff for delivery but was totally willing to drive up the street to Chandler Regional to pick up. He acted like he didn't want to do that but then said ok. Although he admitted he lives next to this hospital himself, he wanted me to give him the address for "safety" reasons. So, I googled the hospital and gave him the address that was on the hospital website. He then argued that the address I had given him was not an address he had in his system from prior deliveries there... Kept putting me on hold (about 5 times) to check with his manager... I ask him if he HAD the address, why was he insistent that I give him what he already knows... He said, "you know what?! We're not delivering to you as you are outside our delivery area!". I was in the process of speaking when he intrupided me to tell me this. I had found another address for the hospital and was trying to give that one to him. He continuely over spoke me... He was rude! He was unprofessional. He was condesceding. I was willing to drive to freaken pick up the order although it's stupid not to drive one more block to deliver... Actually less than! I understand boundries which is why I was willing to compromise. I was in no way, form or fashion rude or even demanding with this jerk... Until, of course, he wouldn't shup up long enough to hear me... THE CUSTOMER! The manager who came to the phone was just as condescending. "I will talk to Ryan...". No she won't! She was feeding him the information and he was speaking it to me, THE CUSTOMER, with her right there as there was no delay in him hanging up and her picking up. This behavior is so much more than unacceptable. We had had an awesome day as a family and was winding down and decided we'd order from there. His unprofessionislm and rudeness **** near ruined my night which in turned caused my family upset. I expect and will accept nothing less than professionislm when dealing with a company where I am a paying customer!

Not only will I ever call them or eat there again, I will tell anyone who will listen to avoid this location, at the very least!

And, of course, they haven't responded...
I love the #3 Tuna at Jimmy Johns and this location didn't disappoint. My rating wasn't 5 stars because: the tables were dirty and nobody bothered to wipe them down, I had to do it myself, however, first I had to find some napkins.
They serve iced tea, but no lemons or sweetener.
Take care of those 2 things and you'll earn that extra star.
Got a #5 from them tonight after a busy day with a soda.  The order taker was very kind and efficient.  I had to repeat myself a few times but I think that was due to a bad connection.

The driver was very nice (and I will admit rather cute).  The sandwich was delicious.  She forgot the drink, but I called the store and they sent out the driver with it a few moments later along with a treat to make up for the inconvenience.  

The crew and food was great, the honest mistake was made up for by a great act of customer service.  I would recommend this location to anyone in the area that enjoys great subs and great service.
Visited the store for the first time rather than delivery.  Staff was awesome, as usual, and the lass taking my order recognized me from a delivery a while back!  

The subs are still yummy, they were fast and am pleased with their customer service,   Decided to finally give in and give them the 5 stars they have earned from me!
Will never go back to Subway. Good, flaky baguette, fresh ingredients, love the peppers and their own chips (perfectly thick, crisp, and seasoned).
We ate there twice with very good experiences. Food was delicious with very friendly and accommodating service. A refreshing perk.
Great food, great employees, and freaky fast, just like advertised. I go here nearly every day and they have not disappointed yet. Only complaint is that the water tastes like it is straight from the bathroom so buy a bottled one if you plan on drinking water. Vote for Jimmy!
I like this place for the speed and the tasty sandwiches.  When I stop by at lunch even if it is crowded I still get the sandwich very quickly.   I've tried about 4 or 5 different sandwiches now and liked them all.  The quality stays consistent.  For a change try the 7 grain bread.  the store is kept clean the people are polite.  They seem to do a big delivery business as drivers are running in and out constantly.
I have eaten at this location a few times recently and it has been a good experience each time. I usually order the #11 Country Club which is delicious! The Jimmy chips are crunchy and have great flavor. No matter how busy it has been when I have been in this location they get my sub out within 5 minutes or less. Great! I only wish that they had a few other pepper options, jalapeno's, green peppers etc... But then again the simplicity makes Jimmy John's fast and delicious!

I will be back!
Today Jimmy John's ran a $1 sub special from 11 am to 3 pm.  This was advertised in a Full Page Ad in the Arizona Republic.  We went around noon but the line was too long and so thought we would come back closer to the ending time for the deal i.e 3 pm.

We were there at around 2:45 pm and they told us that they were No Longer Honoring  the Deal.  

No consideration was given that the customer spent their time and gas to come there with the knowledge that the deal would be honored.  The FULL Page Ad in the Arizona Republic specifically said it was till 3 pm and it did not have any exceptions or restrictions whatsoever.

I cannot support a local business that clearly breaks its own promise.  

I will never step into a Jimmy John's when there is Subway, Blimpie's, Quiznos, Firehouse, Jersey Mikes, Jason's Deli, and so many more options.
Good Food. Fast Service. Consistent every time. They have their system down.
I like how they have the "skinny" option where it costs less to get a sandwich without the lettuce mayo etc I never get those anyway and its nice to save a $1.
I order for delivery durning like 6pm they came less then 20 min it was fast the mobile. Site to order it from was kinda hard and took longer order then it took to deliver it I felt like it
Seriously, who doesn't love JJ's? Helpful staff and fast service, not to mention the best tasting sandwiches.
Always fast and friendly with my correct order at the door under 10 minutes!

BUT JIMMY JOHN'S WHY U ONLY PUT ONE NAPKIN?!

But really, though. I need more than 1 napkin for a messy sandwich. :)
I used to work at a jimmy johns and I always made quality products but the sandwich I got here was a disaster. Im not going to give the place less than 3 stars because I'm sure because it was in the evening, they had new people working. I could tell because the cut on the bread was jagged. You guys, if you see a new person making a sandwich and it's less than the JJ standards, fix it. I'm not talking about the bread either. The sandwich itself was very sloppily made. It just tasted gross and something was off.
Super fast and delicious!  Why wait 20 min in line at Chipotle at lunch, when you can have a fresh sandwich in less than 2?

Their prep line started asking what I was ordering while in line and the sandwich was made before I finished paying. Everyone kept saying, "Wow, that was fast!"

In general, I love Jimmy Johns for their fresh ingredients and quirky sense of humor.  Keep up the great work here!
Love to order from this location! I the ordered online at 12:35, for delivery, and had the sandwich in my hands at 12:44. Freakishly fast! They must have known how hungry I was!!! #nomnomnom
The Chinese food here is 1st rate. The seasoning is fantastic and great portion size. The food is high quality and extremely fresh. The Orange Chicken was the best I've tasted around town. Everyone should try the fried wontons. They put a good portion of cream cheese mixture in the center and the flaky crust is nice and paper thin with the emphasis on the cream cheese. They also let customers choose from fried rice or steamed rice. Prices are great. This place is going to be a "regular" for me.
I am so happy to finally have a decent Chinese delivery around us!  We got a flyer on our door so decided to try it last night.  The food is AMAZING!  We ordered (2) sesame chicken, pork fried rice and moo shu pork.  The portions are huge and the food is fantastic.  Delivery was super fast.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because I specifically asked for hot mustard and sweet and sour.  They sent 3 packs of hot sauce.  Well done, Tsing Tao, well done!
Tsing Tao Chinese Cuisine is a very excellent Chinese Fast Food restaurant.  I swear, when I go in and order my usual which is the Szechuan Chicken lunch combo with Hot and Sour Soup, they have it out and ready when I take my first couple bites of soup.  It's fast, fresh, and very delicious.
The BEST Chinese food we've had since moving here.  Due to their combos, the food was very affordable. We had sweet & Sour chicken, seasame chicken, chicken lo-mein, fried cheese wontons, egg drop soup, fried rice, spring rolls, and eggrolls, (all for about $25.00). We did order lunch combos which came with fried rice and egg drop soup.  Everything tasted excellent.

Very good food, very affordable, and very fast.
The food was very good. I saw it once and decided to try them out. I must admit it was a good choice. The price reasonable and the selection is great. I will be stopping by again, that's for sure.
I was very surprised how good the food was and how fast they delivered. I had the salt & pepper shrimp, with pork won ton and house fried rice. All were served warm and very tasty.
i was a little disappointed considering the good reviews. They do deliver and they are very prompt and they did get our order completely right. The food was just not as good as i was expecting. We got some spring rolls, sesame chicken, pork fried rice and vegetable lo mien. Everything was just o.k. The fried rice was definitely my least favorite. I eat a lot of Chinese, Asian and Thai and this just did not do a thing for my taste buds. 

They are fairly priced and for home delivery i cannot be that upset i just expected more.

Meh, it was edible.
This place was so good. I was skeptical because I learned of this place by a flyer on my door, but the food looked amazing in the pictures so I decided to give it a try. Best choice ever! The sweet and sour Chicken was so good. White meat chicken with no gross pieces like you sometimes get. The general tso's was good too. Just the right amount of spice. We also got egg roles, vegetable lo mein and fried rice. There was so much food, we got to enjoy it again for lunch the next day! 
So good!
This is a true New york style chinese place. 

Its located in an old quiznos and they didnt really remodel so dont expect to come here and sit down and eat. 

Tons of vegetarian/Vegan options. Check it out
The prices are really good. The food is fast, and the quality isn't bad either.
But the RICE. 
What.. is.. this stuff? Boo. Horrible rice. Totally kills it. 4 stars otherwise.. maybe go for something noodley :)
Man.. Tsing Tao is garbage. You people are so quick to throw 4 or 5 stars around. I just bought a home in the area, and needed something quick and easy to grub on while I unpacked. Not in the mood for pizza, so I grabbed a flyer from my door and dialed Tsing Tao.

I ordered 2 types of Chow Mein, Tangerine Chicken, Rice, and Egg Rolls. My order came out to 30 bones. The delivery was on time, but whoever packed my order did not include chopsticks, forks, or napkins!! I called back, and mentioned to the owner that the reason for ordering out was because I hadn't unpacked any kitchen stuff.. and had no clue where the box with silverware was. He told me that to save money, Tsing Tao assumed that all houses had their own utensils!! What the fuck!!!? Chopsticks and napkins cost almost nothing you cheap bastard. I have never had my Chinese orders come without these simple things.

We ate our food with fucking steak knives until my chick came home from work (I asked her to grab some plastic forks on the way)

The food was downright terrible. No flavor.. All the meats were overcooked. MSG city.. Egg Rolls were raw inside. All 3 of us agreed that Tsing Tao was some of the worst Chinese we had ever experienced. I dunno if it was because I had just eaten really good Chinese the day before (Desert Jade) or what.. but fucking yuk! I will never give these cheap bastards my business again. All you fuckers on here need to explore a little bit more, because nothing that I tasted was worth 2 stars. For realz mane.. try Desert Jade, then go back and tell me Tsing Tao is worth more than 2 stars-

PS.. the fortunes in their cookies were garbage too.
I ordered sweet and sour pork, pork fried rice, and egg rolls. My compatriot ordered Kung Pao chicken.  We just wanted some descent chinese food delivered to us.  We began with the egg rolls.  They were amazing. Not overly fried and soggy, where you can only taste the grease, like most places.  These were crisp and full of flavor.  

My sweet and sour pork came delivered naked (sauce on the side).  Which was nice,  i hate it when the meat is soggy.  The rice was different than i expected.  It was light and a little less flavorful than I was hoping.  It was still good, but not compared to the amazing sweet and sour pork.  The sweet and sour sauce was thick and tangy.  Not just bland red syrup.  I put a little on the rice to liven in up a bit.  (Worked)

My compatriots only complaint with his Kung Pao Chicken was that is was not spicy enough.  I think that they could probably make it spicier next time if requested.  Amazing food, prompt delivery,  will be eating here again.
I'd given this place a five star originally. The food quality has changed for the worse. We ordered food, and it was generic and bland. We thought it was a fluke so we tried them again. Same thing, food was generic and processed tasting, very bland. SAD: they started off so good.
Definitely the best bang for your buck. Me and my wife ordered 2 lunch combos, 8 cheese Wantons, and a soda for $16. The Egg Drop was amazing, as well as the Wantons, though I was no fan of the fried rice, and the pork lo mien did not have nearly as much flavor as it should have. I will definitely be eating here again. The guy who took my order actually brought me my food and made sure we had everything we needed, with exceptional people skills and professionalism he made our dining experience very enjoyable. Again, best all around deal you'll find on Chinese takeout anywhere in Mesa.
This place sucks. They don't have descriptions on their products and have unlisted ingredients. I ordered the cheese wontons, veggie spring rolls, and veggie chow mein. The cheese puffs aren't actually cheese puffs they are crab puffs. I am a vegetarian. I ordered cheese puffs, not crab puffs for this reason, so I could't eat them. Next is the veggie spring rolls, which have beef in them, again another item I couldn't eat. Lastly the chow mein, I have been eating chinese food my entire life and every time I have ever ordered chow mein it has been a stir fry noodle dish but here of course it is a little bag of fried wonton noodle things. And if all of that wasn't enough the fortune cookie tasted very strange almost like dirt. DO NOT EAT HERE!
No
This place is awesome. I love their lunch or dinner special. The general tso chicken is our favorite. They will customize any dish to your specifications and that's nice. My only complaint is their rice, it's not that good. I can cook better stuff at home in ten minutes, but for a $6 lunch special that comes with a pound of meat, I'll deal with sub par rice. Also the hot and sour soup is really good too. Super friendly staff that as regulars we have come to get to know and look forward to ordering some fast food from. They actually remember us and know that my wife likes extra spice and I hate onions.
I don't know how they manage to take the flavor out of the food, but they do it better than any Chinese food restaurant I've ever been to. We ordered Seafood Soup, which literally tasted like chunks of imitation crab and assorted vegetables in water rather than broth. I don't even remember what I had as the entree, it was that forgettable. This place is set up for take out and they have a wide assortment of sauce packets that you pick right out of the boxes they were shipped in. I guess you're supposed to add your own flavor by grabbing handfuls of those. I suggest you use both fists. I will never go back.
Food tasted very cheap. Couldn't eat it, went to subway instead. I recommend cleaning the walls.
I haven't physically been in to Tsing Tao and that's why I was only able to give them four stars, but if the location is anything like the food I've had delivered to my home over and over again, then they are 5 star all the way! I've never had a bad experience with their food. They package their deliveries neat, compact, and tidy. They deliver their Lemon Chicken already with the Lemon Sauce on the side so you don't have to specially ask, and they give you a VERY generous portion of sweet and sour sauce when ordering wontons or egg rolls. Their phone ordering is quick and they are helpful to answer questions. Even the delivery guys are polite. This is all aside from the food being fantastic, and authentic. So far from everything I've seen, Tsing Tao does it all the right way!
LOOK OVER HERE FOLKS !  Its very simple!

Tsing tao slings chinese food at crazy affordable prices.
DO NOT GO THERE TO EAT IN......TRUST ME.  
Call for a delivery or pick up.  

Pro's- 7.00 dinner combo's include a small eggroll and rice..killer deal
They have duck sauce, plastic cutlery, soy sauce, sticks right next to the counter.
Food was good
Dinner combo comes in a plastic snap lid container.....no need  to transfer leftovers.
They deliver.....why i dont know? Their prices are great!! 

CONS....the place is small, faces west and was baking hot when we were there.
All of the tables turn into a waiting area for pick up customers
There really is little space to eat there. We grabbed ours to go
Their fried rice is orange.....bright orange......its ok. ....but real fried rice is dark brown.
Just saying....

In the end.....where the heck are you going to get 2 combo orders WITH EGGROLLS
for 14.50 ?
Eggrolls and fried rice are huge upcharges at most places.
Last fried rice we ordered was 7.00 !!

Places like this are a N.Y. Tradition!!  :)
I have no idea what all these one and two stars are talking about. They are very good for what is actually around here. I've lived in the Mesa area for nearly 8 years now, and have tried all the other Chinese restaurants in the area. They definitely don't deserve one or two stars. There's actually a person that rated them one star for not automatically including chopsticks. Are you kidding me? They are definitely one of the top takeout Chinese restaurants in the Mesa area. I think they are very comparable to Dragon Wok in Gilbert, but they are very expensive in comparison.
They don't give you a choice of 2-3 things to choose for your takeout plate and the plates are small so you get a small plate of one choice with a little rice box, but the food ain't too bad, just expected a little more
I've only ever had their delivery, it is always prompt under 20 minutes even though they always quote 45, lol. The food is definitely great for the price, really good portions, we are big eaters and always have leftovers. Don't forget to ask for utensils chopsticks or plates if you need them, they never freely include them but will gladly package them if you ask. Based on the amount of your order they always throw in a freebie
I would like to formally preface this review by announcing that my love for Jimmy John's is only eclipsed by the love I have for my family and kids.  I've eaten at Jimmy John's franchises in Florida, Illinois, Wisconsin, Arizona, Nevada, and typically anytime I find one anywhere in between.  JJ's was my #1 pregnancy craving with my two babies.  It was a huge reason I've felt homesick for the midwest (before locations started sprinkling the Phoenix valley). Look at my facebook page!  My profile pic, in two different instances, is me with my JJ's sub or cup!  I have the JJ's party cups in my cupboard, and I hate clutter, hodgepodge, and crap! People CALL me when they see new locations.  I mean, an ex-boyfriend called me years after we'd broken up to tell me he saw one downtown, and he just knew I loved it so much I should know this!  (Duh, I totally already knew, and I told him to lose my number.)

That being said, I have officially experienced my first poor sub from any franchise, any time of day or night, any city, at this one on Bell.  It pains me to disclose that my utterly perfect sub (#10 with dijon and sprouts) can actually be disgusting. And at the location nearest to my house! I was shocked, heartbroken and bemused. How could it be??  Because of my intense loyalties to this chain, I can assure you I will be back.  But, my rose colored glasses are off, and my dear beloved JJ no longer ranks first in my heart of men who've never let me down.  It's a sad sad day, folks.
Had a opportunity to eat here last week for the first time! Daughter has been raving about their BLT! So I ordered their 8" BLT sandwich on wheat! It was very good, had no complaints about them. But it was no different then any other sub shop? Their BLT was your basic bacon, lettuce, and tomato. It had a special mayo on it, gave a unique taste. Sandwich could have had more bacon? But I would and probably will come back again!
I've heard all the hype about JJ's for a few months now.  In need of lunch I figured this would be a good time to give them a shot!  Why not I thought, a good number of people I know tried them and thought they were good.  This should be a pretty safe bet.

Strike 1 - Complete confusion with my order of two subs on-line!  They promote the fact you can order on-line, but whats the point if it takes three employees who ask what your name is 5 times!

Strike 2 - The fresh baked French bread was rock hard, and had no flavor what so ever.  You should promote fresh baked bread, if it comes off as being a few days old.

Strike 3 - The sub was named Smoked Ham Club.  If you use the word "smoked" to describe the ham that is used, it should have a smoked flavor!  In actuality, you will get the saltiest lowest quality tasting ham that can be sold.

My only hope for this franchise is that other locations have a much higher standard.  If this is how every location is quality wise,  JJ's will not last very long in the Valley.
Great spot for lunch. Always fast and good food.
My boyfriend raves about this place. So, on my visit to Surprise, AZ..we went to eat lunch here before he had to head out to the field for baseball practice. 

Quite a normal looking chain that's located in a plaza. Lots of parking space...

Staff was friendly, they greet you upon arrival... 

As for selection, I wanted to try everything. Everything on the menu seemed to entice my tastebuds as i scanned through them on the board. 

I decided to go for the Hunter's Club. Because the description said medium rare roast beef...and I'm all about the meat baby!!!!

Can i just tell you... They make your sandwich really really fast that our name was called right when i was about to plop down on the chair. Like seriously. We timed it on my Iphone. 1 MINUTE 47 SECONDS. Totally Incredible. Now if they just had this in California....I'd be so set for my lunch breaks when i choose to run errands or go shopping on my lunch hour.. They make their subs like a superhero on morphine.

HOWEVER....

The disappointing part was... The sandwich lacked taste. They didn't have condiments to enhance their sandwich. Not even Tabasco can be requested. They do have the hot peppers that i was warned was REALLY REALLY HOT. C'mon. you must be a wuss to even claim that as HOT and SPICY. 

Also, the Bread was hard, My mouth and teeth got a good workout....I seriously had to go back to the condo to floss my teeth. I know Boys like to see girls working their mouth. But c'mon chewing on an almost rock hard bread? Not so cute. Kind of scary, in fact.

Maybe next time, I can request to have the sub toasted. I don't care waiting another 2 minutes for my order with a sandwich done RIGHT.
I like this place because you get your subs super fast and they're good for the most part too!
I feel like the quality is better than Subway. I always order the Vito because I love Italian subs. However, if you want the meatier, thicker sub, I would go for the NightClub sub, because it's essentially the same, just with more meat and toppings. I've tried the tuna sub, which is good if you like classic tuna subs. Nothing special, just a good ol' tuna sub sandwich. I wouldn't go in with the expectations of classic Deli subs from New York/Chicago. If you want subs better than Subway though and want it done really quickly, then go here, you won't be disappointed. Oh, and one more thing... the sizes of the subs are all one length - longer than a 6 inch but not quite a foot long. 
I think the hype is all in the atmosphere. Being in Surprise, AZ which is on top of Sun City, I doubt the loud rock music flies well with some of the clientele. I even heard some of the customers complain that the music is too loud. The manager explained that part of the JJ's chain's personality is the loud rock music. It keeps the atmosphere light and upbeat, along with their funny signs, rules, and sayings. The workers behind the counter even yell out and greet you the second you open the doors to enter the restaurant. This place is just so convenient for what it is. It's easy to get to, plenty of parking, and they even deliver 1 sandwich if that's all you order. Overall, I can say that I really like this place, which explains why that the staff I work with hits this place up at least once a week.
Ok, 5 stars on the sandwiches but 2 stars at best on the friendliness of the staff so average of 3 stars. 

Sandwiches are fresh, tasty, and absolutely yum. The service is FAST but I found the staff a bit unfriendly. This was my first visit and they weren't very helpful in explaining the menu at all. Also, they saw I was balancing a baby on my hip and knew I was dining in but had hidden the high chairs all the way in the very back of the restaurant so I didn't see them at first. I was actually trying to eat with the baby standing next to me in the booth. The cashier watched me with him and there was an employee who was cleaning tables who saw me and neither one mentioned the high chairs or offered to help me with my tray or anything. That's a downer for me. I did find the high chairs, but again, it was only after I just happened to catch sight of them all the way in the far corner of the restaurant. 

I'll go back but it'll probably just be for take out.
People standing around but can't make a sandwich. then you order a number and they have it half made with mayo by the time you say..."no Mayo" 

Really have to watch and check what they make. Better quality than Subway but they just don't know how to provide customer service.
Okay.. Jimmy Johns earned another star from me, because the second time my boyfriend and I came here, the bread was softer and fresher....

This time I got the #9, Italian... I got it with all the condiments this time, with extra onions and the hot peppers. And it came out pretty good.

I also got their original potato chips and they were pretty good too.

I couldn't give it 5 stars, because this time, there was actually a wait. And it wasn't even busy. We waited more than 5 minutes which was unusual according to my boyfriend.
I have not eaten in at Jimmy Johns, but have done take out from them several times.  I love how fast they are.  One time I stopped in and by the time I got back to the  car, the same song was on!  The sandwich I get (#12, Beach Club), is DELICIOUS and it's great!
I have one problem, however -- a few weeks ago, JJ came to my work (Surprise Elementary in El Mirage) and delivered samples for the teachers, which was wonderful!  A few weeks after that, my coworkers called there to order sandwiches for delivery for my birthday.  My school is on the border of Surprise and El Mirage, and we were told that since we were on the wrong side of greenway, they could not deliver to us.  As teachers, we don't have the time to go out for lunch, and since we were right on the border, it would've been nice if they could've delivered - i mean, why send us samples when you then won't come to us?
Your commercials shouldn't be better than your food.

Jimmy John's is new to Surprise so it was exciting to try something new and we've all seen/heard their commercials!  They were loud, but maybe part of their deal and there were several employees which seemed odd since there were only 2 people in the dining room and not even one of their 4 delivery phones were ringing.

Anywho...the sandwich was just ok, it wasn't bad and it wasn't good.  There were only 3 bread choices 1 of which was a wrap and the french bread seemed less than fresh.  I do love that they use Best Foods mayo, that's a plus.

I like Mr. Goodcents much better.
This is the best place to grab a sandwich after a tough workout. This place is fast too so you don't have to wait around like you would at a subway. Much better quality ingredients too. Try the Vito and the Beach club. I've never had any complaints about the workers and they always seemed friendly to me and greet me on my way in and out. I will be back for more subs.
Quick service and delicious food!
They advertise fast service, but I didn't get away from the register before the sandwich was finished. Food was good and filling, and service was with a smile. Not a lot of seating and was kind of noisy. Pricing was cheaper then subway and the food was better.
We ended up here because the Mr Good Cents near us had closed down. What a waste. The customer service was poor, they all acted like they were doing us a favor by serving us. My sister and I ordered a #12 which stated it came w sprouts & avocado. They only carry provolone cheese, no other variety. No real choice of bread either. When we sat down to eat we noticed there were no sprouts & a very small smudge of avocado on one part of the sandwich. When we asked about it the guy behind the counter looked annoyingly at us and said they no longer carried sports and that was how much avocado was supposed to be on the sandwich. No napkins, lids or straws came w our order or were any where to be found so I had to wait again to ask some one for them. The girl behind the counter, again rude, stated they were right there behind the counter (out of my vision) and told me to grab them myself. 

The sandwich was bland and boring don't waste your money here, grab a sandwich from the grocery store.
Food freshness is great!  Staff is ok....  

I wish they were a little more explanatory with what does and does not come one the sandwich.  I know it has a menu board; however; somethings need to be explained.  

If I want mustard instead of mayo on a sandwich I do not want yellow mustard packets.  If my sandwich is already wrapped you have permission to unwrap and add mustard for me.
Best sandwich ever.....  not even close... ingredients are above average, bread (fresh, good) but really average, they seem to rush and did get my order wrong I wanted no onions, they took care of the problem right away A+ for that. Cleanliness and overall service was excellent......Great concept, but quality over quantity....slow down a little bit.... I agree if I want extra mustard, I don't expect   mustard packets.... for a sandwich shop 3 1/2 stars
I get hooked on the turkey tom more and more each time I have one! Very nice customer service at this location, (cant say the same for some of the others) and the hubby and 11 year old SSon love the vito.  Good prices :)
OK Jimmy John's is the best of the chain sub shops i will give you that. WAAAAAY above Subway and not even in the same planet as quiznos. Jimmy Johns...better period. Not great but better. Now  the service..it is a sandwich shop do not expect much and you will not be dissapointed. I would prefer a bitchy person making the better sandwich rather than a sweet person making a crappy sandwich....you decide. Good service NEVER overcomes garbage food....get it Subway. I will go to a NY deli and get screamed at from the moment you walk in for the quality sandwich...it is part of the experience......Honey dripped BS from Subway employees still equals a shitty sandwich .
Pretty horrible place subway,  firehouse, blimpys, mr goodscents, cousins, Jersey mikes, safeway sub, pretty much any other sub place is 100000 times better, the staff was horrible the food tasted like it was left over from last week and this sub franchise has to be the worst in the valley.
Nothing special... JJ's is OK if you like an over hyped over priced sub... Have tried the Arrowhead location too... I can say they are consistent with their product... Seems what differentiates them from other sub shops is they like using mayonnaise.
In my travels through Arizona, I have passed by several Jimmy John's locations and was curious about the food. So today I gave it a try. The negative reviews concerned me about this location. 
When I ordered my sandwich (Vito) I asked for the vinaigrette on the side. "We can't do that." And yes, he was serious. Why can Subway, Quizno's, Jersey Mike's, and Togo's do it but you can't? Ok, you lose one star there. 
The sandwich, however, was good and given the size, a good value. Lots of meat and vegetables. Chips are fairly plain in flavor however and packaged under the Jimmy John's name. Would have preferred a national brand.
So, overall 3 stars and willing to try it again.
Try the #11 it's awesome and they made my whole order before I could pay
My wife and I went in tonight, as we had planned a party and completely forgotten to get food.  We asked if we could buy a few sandwiches and maybe get a tray to deliver them to our guests, as they have a 24 hour catering notice policy.  Someone, who I can only assume is a manager of some kind, said, it's not busy right now, why don't we see if we can pull it off.  So, we went and grabbed our other items for the party, came back 20 minutes later, and they had our catered sandwiches ready to go, packaged up with condiments.  Life Savers!!!  I will cater with them again, without a doubt!
WOW!!! Amazing customer service here. My wife made a large order and when I came to pick it up, everything was ready and they even loaded it into our car. Great Job Guys!!! We will be back
Finally broke down and went here. Hate buying sandwiches (I can make them at home) they do not have the ability to toast the bread so I went with a lettuce wrap. I did not want cheese, since they only have one kind of cheese. Provolone. The kid that checked us out was SO rude. The sandwich was ok but nothing special. Not sure I will go back.
Vito sub. Excellent price very quick and tasty, if your in a hurry for lunch this would be a quick stop.
They're a sandwich shop with a sense of humor. Check the sign on the bathroom floor for an example. The bread is thinner than other sub places which I really like since I'm not a big bread fan. They also have an "unwich" that has no bread at all. Free refills and a fast assembly line for the food makes them a nice spot for a quick lunch.

The only thing about the place I'm not fond of is how loud the music is. It's pretty deafening. The line cooks one day were having to shout to be heard and two of them standing right next to each other said "huh?" and "I can't hear you" to one another so many times it was like being in a who's on first routine.
I would give them more stars awesome food and it is fast but they won't deliver to my area and we only have one in our city .  We need more of them in my city on well .
Food was good, service was good. Owner very nice throughout our meal, seemed amazed the kids loved sushi so much. Prices not bad for sushi. They have 2 for 1 roll specials Tuesday - Thursday as of this writing.

But then...we found the dead cockroach on the floor underneath an adjacent table. Kinda ruined our appetite, glad we pretty much finished our meal by the time we found it. We know Henderson is in the middle of the desert, so lots of critters running around, but it changed our perception for this place.

If it wasn' for our discovery, would have given this at least 3 stars. The owner is really nice and the food was actually good, especially the different rolls we ordered. Sashimi was okay too.

2 stars, while adamantly throwing positive vibes over to M. Sushi.
I drove by this place a few times and was curious about it. One night my girlfriend and I decided to celebrate the start of our vacation with All You Can Eat Sushi. She and I have been to many places all over Vegas for AYCE; and we have our standard favorites, so we were skeptical to try this "new" place out, especially because it does not look like a quality sushi place from its store front. To our delighted surprise, the sushi and variety were great. All though the service was a bit slow, the overall experience demands a return visit from us. It proves that great food takes time. There are a couple other sushi places for AYCE around town which are better; however, for its proximity to our home, customer service, and its family run ambiance, you can't beat it.
I think some of the negative posts here are shills. Today was the third time I've had lunch at M, and just like the last two visits-- The food was really good. I admit I am a high maintenance gal and my husband and I frequent upscale places like Nobu when we want our usual  perfect meal--- But this place has a ton of potential!  It's probably not somewhere we would come for dinner because it's a little too casual for us but it's a perfect lunch spot!

It's a smaller, but cozy corner lot in a popular strip mall in the middle of Henderson.  They offer AYCE and different lunch options.

The restaurant seems family owned, and that's what made me like it. All three times I was there I was waited on by the same younger man. He was very polite and answered a few questions I had about their special rolls.

The fish was extremely fresh, They had a flair and a unique appeal that will have me coming back for lunch more often! 

I'm never a fan of the California roll.. It's too boring for me.. I'm from New York anyway.. But that's besides the point.. They made a baked bay scallop cali roll with ponzu sauce. It was different because the roll wasn't baked, just the scallops were. I like that cold/hot mixed textured kind of thing.
I always pass by this place and finally decided to see how it was. I was not impressed. Most of the rolls are around 12 so it would have better if I did the AYCE. Although the rolls were not that great the service was awesome. Every time I picked up the menu the waiter rushed to our table and was ready to take our order. Overall it was not that great and I probably won't go back any time soon.
This is the same place I reviewed as O Yummy Sushi but with a new name!
http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyummy-sushi-and-roll-henderson#hrid:BDgVs4eT6tQIfmQOPqlF3w
Service was good, he was right on it - but that's pretty easy when you're the only customer in the place. Overall, food was meh - perhaps that's what their "M" stands for? Small portions, nothing too grand, prices pretty high for what you get.
This place is kind of hidden, but in a good location. It is fairly small and appears more like a fast food atmosphere, but has a some dine in tables. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a nice variety on their menu and a favorite of mine was the lobster roll. They also have take out ordering available. The food was good and we definitely would go again. All you can eat sushi...lunch $19.95, dinner $23.95
Really a plain looking place, but the sushi is surprisingly good and well prepared. The volcano was tasty with a good smokey flavor that we experienced at a few other places. The ala carte menu has items with the same name as the all you can eat menu, but have different ingredients, which can be confusing. Yes, they make the sushi in the back area where you can't see the ingredients, but the food is prepared promptly and the service is good. My only suggestion is to bring in some new furniture, don't play funky music, keep the front door closed (unprofessional) and improve the ambience. There is potential here, but they need to improve the overall feel of the place since there is some competition nearby.
I'm really starting to love sushi! This place was right on the spot perfect! The crazy Philadelphia is my favorite and all i have been craving since i had it! 
The place is small and when i first walked in the right tables were a little dirty but we didn't sit on that side so it didn't bother me. Our easier was very prompt and friendly helped my fiance decide on which sushi to try and they all were delish! He cleaned up our table and was there to offer more suggestions seeing as he had the ayce. And he even refilled our drinks. Prices are cheaper than most sushi joints, and the quality and quantity of food was amazing. Will most certainly be going back especially because its right down the street from my place.

Love it!
Dont now now is a new owner but i try to order sonething happend i dint like the old guy was very umprofetional i never went back
This place kicks ass.  

No two ways about it.  

Here we are in a mini mall in the middle of the desert, and somehow I end up with sushi that tastes like if just jumped out of the ocean.  I don't know how they do it....
The shop is small and quaint. I guess it used to be called Yummy sushi. While the sushi was yummy, calling it "M" is much better. It seemed like people knew about this little gem. I had the AYCE sushi and after eating good portion of food, my server offered half portions instead. Towards the end, half portions were the way to go. 

Because its small, my server did presume I was there to pick up food and leave, but if you can, grab a table and see who walks in. The people watching was just as interesting as the food. I really liked the White Tuna. The texture and taste was awesome. No bad sushi here. I'm glad that I decided to check it out on a whim.
I've eaten at a lot of all you eat places in Vegas and California.  This is my favorite.  Better than sake2me in socal.  Better than sushi twister in Vegas. My favorites are wild wild west (salmon, cream cheese, a sweet sauce)  lion roll, and the salmon.  Place isnt that busy so dont have to wait long fir food.  Next to trader joes on Sunset.  Great value.
This place rocks great sushi. They make it how you want it and fill this big boy up. I have never had a bad experience here. Must try the popcorn lobster roll. IT WILL ROCK YOUR WORLD!!! Btw if you come before 12 just call to make sure they are open.
The place is awesome, good food and very very nice people. They serve several complimentary side dishes with your entree and are very kind. Gives you a warm family feel.
I would highly recommend!!!! Great Korean food! Better than alot of Korean restaurants back in LA. Under new ownership. The Korean couple who own it are friendly, especially the Ahjussi (man). 
Give it a try if you like Asian cuisine with quality ingredients.

Place was extremely clean too.
My family and I were on a walk and decided to have lunch here. We all love sushi so thats what we ordered. It was alright. However, the service and the Korean food was absolutely amazing! The owner serves while the wife cooks. While we waiting for our rolls, the owner brought out Korean meatballs, Korean pancakes and miso soup for free. It wasn't anything I would have normally ordered but the food was amazing! He brought me extra rice for my kids and after the meal he brought us all mini bowls of pumpkin soup just so we could try it. It was awesome! The owner was very nice, his wifes Korean cooking is to die for. I will definitely be back but next time for Korean food!

I highly recommend!!!
Came here for the all you can eat dinner.

Service was good and the first two rolls were delicious.  But by the third one, it started tasting funny.

By the end it was as if I was eating gobs of flour! Disgusting!

Will not come back.
This place is not the same M Sushi anymore as they now serve mainly Korean dishes. The couple who owns it are two extremely nice people. The food is superb. I always come here for lunch so I'm not sure if the menu changes for dinner. I have never had Korean food before so it was a great first experience. Awesome! Will come back for more.
Got to love a true mom and pop place like this legit food homestyle Korean cooking some of the best I've ever had and the service Is fantastic these people do what they love and it shows in their food
This is the best mom and pops Korean restaurant I have ever been to. They treated us like their own family and spoiled us immensely. It's a small hole in the wall place that needs more visitors here. Try it once and you will be hooked. I plan on coming here again and again. The chef/wife's cooking is to die for. The husband/ host is absolutely hilarious and genuine. It's hard to find great quality food run by an old loving couple. The husband is a chemical engineer and the wife was a nurse for many years so you know they pay attention to every detail of the cooking and make sure everything is clean and perfect when ready to be served on the plate. They gave us 3 free dishes and even offered us a 4th free dish and even refused our tip because we were students. I made sure to slip one pass the husband though lol and still we did not think that was enough to express our gratitude towards such an eventful experience at their restaurant. We truly felt like we were at home and we were sitting around dinner table amongst family!!  I highly recommend them and would give more than 5 stars if possible!!
Food is great and the owner is really nice and very attentive. Will definitely come back..
M Sushi has changed ownership and now have soon dubu and bibimbap! I was informed by the new owner that the name will be changing in the upcoming months.
Owner is in the process of converting the restaurant from a sushi place to a Korean restaurant.  Green Valley has been sorely missing a good Korean spot...this place definitely fills the void!  

Food is great...and meals start with a free Korean meatball/Korean pancake appetizer.  Lunch specials are cheap, filling, and delicious.  Soondubu and dol sot bi bim bap are good.  

The service puts this place over the top.  The owner is awesome -- he's attentive and extremely friendly!  When you eat here, you feel like he's your Korean grandfather!  He conversed with my kids...they loved him,  

Definitely a spot to check out, and will definitely return -- it's a fun, delicious Korean meal just a couple minutes from my house.  Sure beats driving from Henderson to Spring Mountain!
The place for delicious Korean food. Wait time for food may seem long since the owner's wife cooks all orders but totally worth the wait. The owner is entertaining and generous--impeccable customer service.
So Good!  I was reading the take out menu outside and the owner came out to invite me in for lunch. It was like he invited me into his home. His wife was in the kitchen making all the food and he was the entertainer. Food was authentic Korean and he also brought me more Kim chee when he saw I finished what I had. Please come support these wonderful people  you'll be glad you did.
Three things I want to talk about, the food, customer service & the owner. 

1) The food is amazing. It's straight fresh. The best part is that you get a free appetizer for breakfast. These Korean meatballs & pancakes were so delicious. TRY THEIR FISH KATSU! So bomb. 

2) The customer service was perfectly fine. It may have taken a while for the food to come out, but that's because the owner's wife is the only cook at the moment. But overall, they served my friend & I so kindly. We were treated like royals. 

3) The owner was such a gentleman. He told us about himself & his business. They make everything fresh & he's been running a restaurant in LA for a very long time. The reason why their food is fresh and tastes absolutely good is because the wife is an RN/Nutritionist. She tries to stay away from the junk ingredients as much as possible. 

Come to this place & spread the word. They just opened recently. Love this & definitely going back again.
This hole in the wall place is a must. The food was great and had a sense of the traditional home cooked Korean meal. What puts this place above many many other Korean eateries is the hospitality provided by the owners. Her food was wonderful and his service was amazing!  I enjoyed that he made suggestions on the menu as well as bringing us samples on top of the usual Korean side dishes.

I would greatly recommend this place and can't wait for the launch of their lunch boxes! A must try if you are in the neighborhood.
The owner is such a sweet man. Ate here tonight for the first time. Its a hidden gem! Loved everything we ate & loved everything the owner brought us to try. Ill definately go back to eat!
Absolutely outstanding service!  Lee is great, and he explained the ins-and-outs of Korean cuisine to us.  His wife is the cook, and she made some great spicy pork.  This place is a treasure!  Check it out now.
Great food,  great service,  and great overall experience.  The owner is really friendly. I see myself going back.
Los Burritos... Simply delicious. A hidden gem to say the least! I walked into the small restaurant with colorful window art of Mexican food. I was greeted and served by a wonderful staff. I ordered a burrito expecting the usual taste of a burrito, however when I began to eat I was hit with a wave of childhood memories and flavors. Los Burritos is TRUE Mexican food made with authenticity and care. The meat is carefully prepared to an unbelievable quality and the recipes used are the same ones that would be used for a family dinner. I highly recommend Los Burritos.
Found this place really close to home thanks to yelp.  I've been looking for a.New favorite burrito joint - and this is it.  Awesome steak burrito - make sure you get the salsa.  It's homemade!  Family owned and very friendly.
Heavenly Mexican food that delivers to my house. Super legit. 

Don't feel like being funny or witty right now, this is pure information delivery so that you can eat here tomorrow.
Tiny little place and not the fanciest. most would prob be quick to judge but don't let the place scare you because they have really good food!!!!!! Very fresh! The salsa is amazing too!!!! And the place is a small family owned business! I'm all about supporting that!!!!
Satisfied! I found my lil piece of mexican food heaven and it's delivered to my door. Best carne asada torta I've had in the states. Seriously the bread was the best. Seems most tortas I've had in AZ are stuffed to the max and fall apart...not here. For dessert I had mango with chili n limon YUM.
Addicted!!!!
Deliciousness delivered right to my door! I had a carne asada taco and a shredded chicken vampiro w/ a side of Mexican corn (you know, the corn on the cob slathered in cotija cheese). It was all fabulous, incredibly seasoned and delicious, plus the delivery driver was sweet as pie. This is the real deal.
Great Mexican food, cheap, fast and free delivery. Never had a bad experience.
LOVE THIS PLACE! The owner is always behind the counter cooking my food fresh ready to order. And they deliver for free no delivery charge! Even though I tip anyways. And once again the owner delivers my food somtimes in a hair net haha.The food is the best most authenic quick mexican food I've had in this area and I haven't found anything that compares. I'm from Chicago and i personally feel the Mexican food is awful out here.. maybe its the desert or cheap products. Anyways the fresh gauc and salsa mmmmyum but some reason they don't make their chips or even have good corn chips. That is the only reason I took it down to 4 star. They look like fritos! I hate those, I just use different chips from the mexican market I buy at home to eat the delicious salsa. Ill recommend they should at least have better chips. Also the interior has little atmosphere,  but with a little work they could decorate. The walls are white , some pictures up of family, you can see through the kitchen and hear everything. Not the best place to eat at but I enjoy there company and good food so atmosphere is not a priority when I visit. I've eatn the tacos all the meats offered are great..the carne asada is the best, but my go to is the chicken grilled burrito...so good. My boyfriend LOVES the chili relleno burrito, gets it almost everytime.all in all one of my favorites and I'm having it for lunch now ;)
Great customer service, is the first thing I have to say! My wife and Are visiting from Washington. we had the carne asada tacos and burrito. The ingredients are fresh, meat isn't chewy. The only downside is that the rice served with the taco plate was a bit more moist then I would prefer. A diamond in the rough. I would and will visit this location again.
Originally from Cali and now living on the East Coast, I crave delicious Mexican food. I eagerly await my annual trip out West! I was passing through Phoenix and read about this place. Well, Los Burritos did not disappoint! I ordered a carne asada burrito and a flan and my dad had huevos rancheros. First off, Fernando, the owner came out to welcome us. Him and his son run the place. He cooks everything fresh and right then, so he is able to easily add or change up your order to your liking. The food is simply delicious. The seasoning on the carne was perfect and the meat was tender. The flan was so good my dad had to get one for himself. The huevos rancheros were fantastic too with a flavorful sauce. Fernando came over to chat with us and you really get the sense that he is passionate about making you feel welcome and providing you a flavorful and delicious meal. The atmosphere could certainly use a little updating touch, but please don't let that stop you from eating here. It is the true "hole in the wall" find. The one you tell all your friends about if they want some delic Mexican grub. I can't wait to return next year! Do your tummy a favor and go support this family run spot...
The real deal, for sure. Super friendly family. If you are from out of town like me, buy more than you can eat, so you can taste more things. Don't pass up the unique and super tasty chili rellenos. Nothing here disappoints.
Came for business from DC and was looking for great Mexican food.  We were welcomed by the owner and his two sons. The place is unpretentious but those can be the hidden gems.  This sure was!!

Extremely friendly family and the food was made to order. Started with carne asada nachos and it was spectacular. Then ate chorizo con papas burrito and the chorizo was delicious!!  Not greasy and very tasty. 

Great food, nice owner. What else can you ask for.  Definitely recommend and I will come back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Dear everyone in Arcadia lite:

There's an unfortunate shortage of food delivery in our neck of the woods.  For all those times you're too tired to hop in the car, or sincerely just too hammered to leave the friendly confines of your living room; the food gods created Los burritos.

Food: 5 stars. You can taste the authenticity in their regular salsa. Wasn't made for gringo's.
Atmosphere: my living rooms awesome thank you for asking.
Service: 5 stars. Got to my house in under 20.

In short, these guys provide a great service to our residents. Next time you stumble home from Little Woody's hungry you'll thank me.

Sincerely,
Yelp User Cam
My fianc and I were starving. Neither of us had eaten anything all day. So when he gave me the I don't feel like cooking let's order something look after getting home one night, I knew we were in trouble due to the fact that all there was to order near us was pizza. So, I opened yelp and stumbled on this gem. Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced. My fianc had the three enchiladas plate and I had a bean rice and cheese burrito. He ate his so fast that I know it was good, although all he could manage to say was "Spicy." My bean rice and cheese burrito was excellent. Especially when I added a little bit of their Pico. The only thing Los Burritos can work on is their delivery time. I felt that waiting forty five minutes was a little long.  I give these guys four stars.
Tried their breakfast burrito and I really enjoyed it.  It tasted a lot fresher then going to a filibertos.  Unfortunately my hubby didn't get beef in his rolled tacos like he had ordered he got chicken. I would def go back.
Hidden gem in the Arcadia area. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food in Phoenix you have to check out Los Burritos. Everything is prepared fresh and made to order. Family owned and operated, everyone is extremely friendly! Great find! Don't miss out!
Super friendly staff and tasty food!!! I ordered the carne Asada plate and while I waited the owner came out and chatted with me. I just think that is so nice! When I'm back in Phoenix again I'll definitely stop in to try some of their other dishes. Oh and good prices too.
Everything is cooked to order, takes a couple mins, but we'll worth it. Owner and his family are extremely nice and take pride in their food. It's very addicting, and I can't stop coming back for more.
ooooooooooooomg

so freaking good its ridiculous. 

forget any other place that ends in "erto's" unless its 3am.

i have never stopped eating to write a review. but this is incredible. this place can be missed very quickly as you drive by, but look for it across from fry's.

the family staff is awesome. very nice. and cute to boot.

i tried the carne quesadilla. aaaaaaand i'm in love. highly suggest it.

new website is: www.phoenixlosburritos.com
Found this place on yelp and saw good reviews so decided to give it a try. I called in for delivery and ordered 3 tacos, a side of chips & salsa and a mango. The delivery was fast and the food was delicious! I absolutely loved the tacos and the salsa. Will definitely  be eating at this place again!
Best Mexican food. The salsa is incredible and the breakfast burrito (chorizo with potatoes) was amazing. Fantastic service.
Having moved to West 6th a few months back, my roommate and I have been sampling restaurants along Mill to determine which are (and which are not) worth visiting a second time. This afternoon we stopped into Corleone's to try their pizza. Halfway through our limp, flavorless slices (pooled with congealed Cheez Whiz, I shit you not), we decided to cut our losses and head home.

A few windows down, we caught a glimpse of some legitimate-looking pies in the window of Paisan's. Apparently the place had *just* opened their doors, so we had no reviews to go off of. Since my stomach was still rumbling, I decided to stop in and sample the goods.

My $2.75 "slice" was a pizza unto itself. Giant -- a proper New York-style foldable slice. After the first bite (which the manager, or perhaps owner, insisted I stay for), I was sold. A  generous layer of fresh mozzarella baked to perfection (*just* shy of browning), with a flavorful but not overly-sweet sauce, and a soft (but firm) crust. In short, they nailed it.

Although I took the rest of my slice to go, Paisan's dcor was clean, simple, and inviting. The staff were pleasant, and clearly interested in our impressions of the place (a good sign).

Wish I could say more, but I have yet to explore the rest of the menu. They boast "the best bruschetta you've ever had", so I'll definitely be updating my review in the coming weeks once I've had a chance to partake. Altogether though, great first impression!
I am Italian, originally form New York and consider myself as a pizza aficionado. I work on Mill Ave and when a new restaurant opens I am always eager to check it out, especially a pizza and Italian kitchen. 
I stopped by on Paisan's opening day and and was greeted by the friendly staff. I ordered peperoni pizza and was not disappointed. The slices NY style, big and ready for the fold. Yesterday, I tried the Veggie Delight Calzone and it was delicious. The calzone is filled with red & green peppers, onions, olives, garlic, mushrooms tomatos and served with a side marinara. The veggies were soft but still had a snap and the dough was crisp but not overdone. 
I am looking forward to coming back to try the bruschetta, bottomless bowl of pasta, and chicken parm. 

 "la buona cucina"
I just went there with 4 co-workers for lunch.  Everybody was happy with their food, which was: pizza, Stromboli (yummy) and calzones (huge).  The staff was friendly and the prices are fair.

The only negative is a lack of seating.  Just note in advance that there is only counter seating inside.  This would be a great place to grab something to go.
I only had the pizza.  The staff was very nice and smiled.  I like the window in the kitchen.  It is always nice to see the preparation of your food.  The slices are large,  maybe a little too large.  They do fold nice.  It is nice to see a new option on Mill.  I was growing tired of Slices.  I will be back to try the rest of the menu.
Let's start with "barf".  No way is this place 5 stars.  We first walk in to this sweaty , incredibly hot box of a restaurant and knew we had been fooled from the get go.  After being denied water, we were told we could grab a drink from the small cooler in the middle of this shit box.  We had to send the pizza back twice due to being under cooked.  The service was the pits.   I KNOW PIZZA as we take a family pizza friday every week at a different location.   If it wasnt for our starving son we would have walked out.  We decided to tough it out and eat that slop.  Rumor is that the owner does not even have a license to operate.  I cannot confirm any of these rumors, but I figure its true.  Thumbs down to this place.
It pains me to say it, but we may be going here instead of Slices for a late night slice from now on.

Their pizza is great. There was some nice, spicy sausage on mine. We were told to come here by a friend that bartends at Rula. She told us their food was great, cant wait to go back and try the rest of their menu.
These ignorant people have no concept of city property or the right to a clear sidewalk. They are incapable of staying inside their assigned patio space, and instead grab land at a bus stop to place tables and block our freedom of movement. Right after this joint opened up, a bus bench mysteriously became unbolted and teleported to an inconvenient location, allowing this joint to place more tables outside. It makes sense, there is no air conditioning or even a mister system for the patio. Who wants to eat lousy pizza in 110-degree heat? Just kidding, I never tasted their pizza and sometimes it gets down to 88 degrees here. But these adult babies will have a big problem with the City of Tempe if they continue to treat public property like it was their very own sandbox.
My huge mistake was trusting the reviews from people who only have 1 review for this place and no friends to their name. Screams workers or owner created accounts, because there is no way actual people think this is a great pizza place. However, I did not notice that because I was using the mobile app and it doesn't list that info beside the reviewers name. 

We came here hungry from Pop Culture Paradise and instead of going to the old standby's: Chuck Box, Tessio's Pizza, Otto's, or Jaime's Pizza, we wanted to try something new. There was no free parking so we also had to pay $5 for parking. 

The doors were wide open with no air conditioning inside, no tables only barstools with a narrow bar table against the wall. There is sitting outside on regular tables but it's too hot outside right now for that. 

*Pizza sauce had no flavor
*Cheese tasted only mildly like mozzarella which was weird
*Onions we got on our pizza were slimy and undercooked, gross
*Garlic? what garlic? we ordered it, but the taste of it was to be found nowhere

The only positives was that the pizza was huge and the employees were friendly. The only time in history I threw away pizza leftovers.
THis is a nice slice. We got 2 monster pepperoni slices for 6 bucks last night around 11pm. I'm a New Yorker, so folding is a must and these babies were fully in the fold. A small amount of grease was also present which felt like home. Oregeno (which should appear on the pizza) and parmesan were readily available as well. This place probably is just outside the top 10 slices outside of New York and i only had one beer in me so my judgement was not impaired. Stick to the basics cause a true NY doesn't get all those fancy toppings on their slice.
Just happened to walk by and saw the huge new york size slices and decided to try it. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Pizza was excellent, we bought a can of root beer and they were out. The cashier paid the difference for a bottle, that was really nice service.  I am strongly against tipping for food service, but I would tip these guys. This is my new pizza spot and I would highly recommend it you everyone else.
Must have been an off night at this place. It seems really hard for a place to put together two consecutive good meals. Once again, I ordered two pepperoni slices, but this time it was too go. Well, the entire bottom of the slices were burnt, which I could not have noticed until I got home. One of the slices tasted old and frumpy and a slice can't possibly be heated up in 15 seconds can it? Another pizza pretender shows its true colors.
My friends and I came here after Soundwave.  My friends got pepperoni slices and I got the combination.  Their slices were cheaper, where mine was $5.  Mine was good (not great great) for a hungry person.  My pizza was thin-crusted and pretty greasy. One of my friends wanted some of mine but I said no because his pizza sucked and mine just looked better  LOL  Overall, we got a small and large water bottle and 3 slices of pizza for $15.  We also had some entertainment from the streets as we sat in the outside seating area.  Someone was playing Gangnam Style, a song I rarely learned about that weekend.  I thought it was a wrestling move lmao.  So out of tune...
You DO realize the entire premise of this place is to feed your drunk ass at 2AM? I mean, not to discredit the culinary expertise of Paisan's--we just know intoxicated pedestrians lured by the wafting aroma of a pizza parlor are a major revenue source for them. Maybe I'm just the first to expose that fact in Yelp form?

I don't think you realize how much effort it takes for me to appreciate the spice of their slices after umpteen jagerbombs. Sober Taric fears what toppings like buffalo chicken might taste like to fully functional taste buds. See? It's TAILORED to drunk palates.

I also appreciate any establishment that allows creativity from employees. When you say "Hey...our dudes just invented this pizza, wanna give it a try?" I'm game every time. And it was delicious.

The coolest part might have been the cashier yelling out to me from half a block down the road, just to let me know I forget my iced tea. I sure as hell needed that, so much appreciated. 

I'm sure they have other great options like calzones and stuff, but honestly, I'll never be around to see their day operations. After last call there's no telling where I might end up. But when last call is on Mill Ave, I'm not gonna lie--this ain't half bad.
They've officially converted a once lover of Slices on Mill Ave. 

Based on the yelp reviews I was hesitant to visit and was actually headed to Ncounter but with my lunch hour quickly dwindling I decided to stop in for one slice a pizza. I'm happy I did! The crust was soft and chewy, the cheese, sauce and pepperoni was surprisingly flavorful. I added a dash of red pepper flakes for a little heat and it was perfect! When I finished my slice I even considered getting another one. Also, one of the employees, I didn't get to catch her name was extremely nice and helpful. I enjoyed chatting with her about our east coast roots!

Good pizza plus great customer equals a happy customer. Whenever I'm craving pizza on my lunch break, this will be my new go-to spot!
I'm a fan. This place serves some large slices of NY Style pizza (not always easy to find off the East Coast, I'm learning). It's conveniently located downtown and open pretty late. 

How late? I don't know. I don't stay up as late as I used to. But I came in after an evening with coworkers and they were still open. I'm guessing it was pretty late. How late? I just told you I don't know!

Very large slices abound, here. They heat them up for you, too. My personal recommendation is the BBQ Chicken Pizza. It's excellent. 

Customer service is friendly, too. And there's a TV in there if you want to hang out for a while. I just got mine to go. And ate it back in my hotel room. Like a sad loner guy. *sniff*

The only thing that was a little "off" was I ordered a Diet Coke and they didn't have it. I ordered a diet anything, and they only had full on sugar drinks. Ginger Ale, Coke, Mt Dew, and others. But no diet. Maybe they were just out? 

I figured hey, it's a pizza place, not a diet soda place. So I won't hold that against them. 

Great pizza!
FUGGHET ABOUT IT! I personally know one of the male cooks who works there and from what he tells me the pizzas are left out way past holding times, no one uses gloves, money is touched then the same hands touch pizza. You couldn't give that to me for free! Yuck.
Ordered a pizza and wings at 6:30 PM. Was told it would be here in 30-40 minutes. An hour and 20 minutes go by and it finally shows up. 

Burnt Wings, cold/undercooked pizza with the wrong toppings. Called back to complain and they said I was being rude because I was asking to get the right pizza. 

They agreed to send me the right one and it would be here in 30 minutes...they wanted to "make it right". 

An hour later and the guy calls me back asking me if I still want him to make it. Says he is there alone or something. 

This pizza place is not an establishment I will be getting food from again. I would advise against it for everyone reading this review. 

Just call Gus' Pizza instead...at least they get the same thing to your house on time and right all the time.

Waste of 3 hours...and I still don't know if it is gonna get here before midnight.
Had a quick bite to eat here with a friend. Awesome NY style pizza!
Went to this place last night around 1 AM after going to a couple bars on Mill.  I order a slice for myself and for my friend, pay (8$ for two slices seems expensive), then ask for a cup of water.  The waiter tells me that they dont have any cups.  WTF kinda **** is that?  You cant give a customer a cup of water?  So I tell him about the law in AZ and he laughs.  I hear him telling the other employee in the back about what I said and hear them laughing at me.  Cheap fks cant give me water and they are laughing at me?  The pizza was edible but not very good.  Will go to Slices next time where they do give water.
I was rooting for this place when we walked by... but it didn't do much for me. The slices are HUGE, which is a plus... but when the pizza is cold, it doesn't matter how big the slice is. It's not bad for drunk food... wouldn't repeat, though.
Drive through is nice, and fast.  They have no knives.  They have no lemon for tea.  You get exactly what is on the menu as described.  You can leave something off but can't have it on the side.  $25 for 3 sandwiches, 2 chips and 1 drink.
I like all Jimmy John subs.  

This location I like the best, very clean environment, good service, great food & they have a drive thru.
We called in an order for pick up. t was ready by the time we got there 5 blocks away. The subs were great and the price was reasonable. We ordered pick up because there is a delivery fee.
Usually there ok this one keeps messing up orders. Not doing anything complicated, you know mustard not mayo sort of thing. Twice I had to run back out to switch out a sandwich. I just don't think they care....
As close as this location is to where I stay, I had never been to it before.  They weren't as fast to prepare as the one at Baseline and Country Club or the one by Chandler Mall.  I got the Italian and my daughter got the  turkey.  Both were fresh and delicious and a good size for the money, $5.95 each. They only cut the sandwich in half if you request it so my torpedo was whole.  They said it had an oil and vinegar dressing but it was so light as to be indiscernible.  If they had pepperocinis I wasn't aware of it.  The roll was wonderful.

 All was fine till I decided it needed a little oomph and went up to the counter to ask for pepper since there were no shakers on the tables.  What? No pepper??  I can't fathom that.  I didn't like the loud music either.

Will I go back? Hell yeah.  But I'll take my own pepper.
Don't waste your money on a jimmy johns sandwich. There is nothing special about these sandwiches. This is the worst sandwich shop I have been to. You will get a better sandwich by making one at home.
Dropped in this Jimmy John's last night after practice to catch up with Missy F. and Sarah R. 

Conveniently located across the street from Mesa Community College - Well, at least when the roadwork on Southern isn't a mess and a half.

Nothing much to say, since we already know the subs are freaky fast and freaky delicious. There's a reason Jimmy John's is a college mainstay for many: Fast, affordable, delivery option, good cure for a "case of the munchies" ... Oops, did I really say that?! 

My lettuce wrapped "unwich" #12 hold the mayo and cheese was no exception. 

Friendly customer service. The guys working greeted us on our way in and out. 

Also, it was super clean (at least what we could see) - even the bathrooms were damn near spotless for a "fast food" joint. 

Surely, this location will come in handy during outdoor track season with all the meets nearby.
The first time I ate here was Oct 2012. My whole office ordered sandwiches to be delivered. I asked for no mayo, when I got my sandwich there was mayo on both sides. When I called back to ask for my correct sandwich to be delivered, the person I spoke to acted so inconvenienced and told me I would have to have the incorrect sandwich to show them. The delivery driver opened it up and inspected it before he would even hand me the new sandwich. Both the person on the phone and the driver were very rude about the whole situation and I swore I would never eat there again. 

So, it took me until Feb 26th, 2014 to break down and try it again. A co-worker went and picked up and sandwich for each of us. I paid extra for a "club style" sandwich and added onions. When I got my order, it was on regular bread no onions. Reciept was correct, just the sandwich in the bag was wrong. My co-worker's sandwich also had two mistakes. I didn't even bother calling to fix it this time, it'snot worth dealing with the poor customer service. I won't be eating there a 3rd time.
I had a late night craving for a fresh sandwich and decided to stop by this Jimmy John's location. It always looks dead so I had very fast service as expected! The prices are reasonable and the food is definitely better quality than Subway. I highly recommend the J.J. Gargantuan. It's pretty big but not as big as it looks in pictures. Ask for cucumbers. It's free!
This is the second time I have been to this new Jimmy John's location.  I thought the first time I went there maybe they were still new and that's why my beach club was missing sprouts...not the case.  Today I ordered a beach club -unwich (hold the bread) and again no sprouts, or really much of anything.. so glad I paid $7.00 for lettuce a slice of turkey and tomatoes...my receipt says beach club...which according to the menu (and every other Jimmy John's I've been to) includes: turkey, cheese,avocado spread, sliced cucumbers, sprouts, lettuce, tomato and mayo.. eh, look at the picture and tell me what you see.  On top of that.. it was definitely not fast and no one was freakin'..more like we were all waiting around wondering when we were gonna get our overpriced, not as advertised sandwich.
I love this place!  Been here many times, friendly staff,  they have always been quick, and I'm always happy with the food!
I still would go with a Subway sub instead!! 
Maybe it was the service that left me wanting more, but I couldn't even find napkins at this place, and the young man that took my order rushed me through it. I will give it a second try some other time, but for now it was just OKAY.
Okay I have grown to love this spot!!!
 ** I am in a good and stable relationship with the Beach Club sub right now!!! 
 :) The dynamic combination of Turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and sprouts with added hot peppers and super light mayo!!! 
********Oh soo delicious!!! **********
PLUS!!! The staff working here is oh soo nice!!! Maybe the last time that I came here I over analyzed the place, which I sometimes do!! So I apologies for my previous review, I now know where you guys place your napkins and I'm no longer feeling pressured to make a fast order!! 

See ya around!!! :)
You have been weighed and Measured and found wanting. First time ever ordering from Here. Had never had anything from jimmies. What a disappointment, especially After hearing all my friends rave about the place. Get a sub with 2 count them 2 slices of roast beef. There is more meat on anybodies sub than what I got from jimmie. The bread was one of th ebest I have ever had but noting else existed on the sub.  For that exhorbitant pricing on 2 subs pickles and chips I could have bought a bag of fresh rolls, 1/2 lb of roast beef, 15 oz bag of chips Mayo and all the fixins and had more than I could eat. I may in the future actually stop ni and try it and ask if they would put some meat on the sub this time but Not really worth the effort when port o subs exists.
This place is better than the one at Desert Ridge- but it seems to have the same problem.  Good food- bad management.  There were about 6 employees in here when I came in and only 2 of them were actually doing something.
This place has always been good to me... Fast service and healthy options.
40min for a sandwich to be delivered not mind blowing like the radio said. I order here multiple times takes at least 40 to 50 min. Kinda sad. Sandwiches are good because you have to wait for so long you get hungrier.
Just wow. Not like any JJ's I've been too. They fought over who would take my order. No one wanted to. After finally someone stepped up instead of a happy greeting I got not a word and after taking my order I was told the total and given my card back with a thank you or a smile. It just seemed like they were more disappoint to get a customer even though they weren't busy at all. With two order my sandwiches weren't freaky fast actually freaky slow. And the presentation was horrible. There was more outside of the sandwich than inside. With a subway right next door you would think they would be better.
Tasty bread and quick service.

Good place for a quick lunch. I like their veggie sub, its quite tasty. My husband has liked everything he has ordered, but complains there is not enough meat.

You can buy their day old bread for 50 cents a loaf. Awesome deal.
They were actually friendly at this location. The Scottsdale location should learn from them.
Disappointed that Jimmy John's skimps so much on the meat now compared to what they used to. My sandwich felt a little light walking out the door, and only found 2 slices of meat on my sub when I got home.....forced to have a second dinner. I think a handful of almonds would have been more filling. I'll pay for a sandwich that satisfies me, but won't be happy when I pay any price for one that make me hungrier.
I like Jimmy John's they make great sandwiches, and delivery time is awesome! But if your going to set the bar that high, you have to maintain it! The last two orders have both taken three times as long as normal, and my last sandwich was sloppy. This location needs a serious management review.
i think this place is overrated....the food is never that good and the staff is and alwas has been kind of blah! avoid if ya can and save your money...its not cheap for a sandwich shop....go next door to the next place
I would just like to preface this by saying that I have worked in the restaurant/food industry for the last 15 years.  Jimmy John's sandwiches are ok, nothing stupendous.  Their sign says "free smells" but all I can smell are cleaning products.  Every time I have been in this establishment (approximately 3 times, I have a friend who swears by the place), there are way more employees than customers.  They clean non-stop, which isn't a bad thing in terms of it being a very clean place.  However, they are always noisily pulling out tables and chairs, standing on chairs cleaning lamps, and other incredibly distracting things.  If I am trying to talk to someone and eat, it is hard to do when all I hear are the 15 employees talking and tables scraping across the floor.  Also, most of the employees that work the registers are not very genuinely friendly.  It seems like a forced effort, as though talking to you is the last thing they want to be doing.  We'll see how long they stay in business, but if they don't change some things, I can't imagine it will be long.
Don't try to order delivery if you life more than 2 miles outside of jurisdiction.  I live 2.4, yes, 2.4 miles away and was told that they could not deliver to me and on top of that the guy who informed me of this was rude and hung up on me! HUNG UP on me!  Customer serivce: FAIL.  Considering their subs are just ok, I was attempting to order from them to avoid going out of the house...now, I will drive myself to Subway and opt out of ever using Jimmy Johns again.
I don't understand the bad reviews- I love this place! Great sandwiches. And a drive thru! Employees work fast and are friendly every time!
This Jimmy Johns is awesome! Same great subs like all the other locations and this one even has a drive thru!!!!
Two stars for the very high quality ingredients used on sandwiches. Went in with my daughter, she wanted a ham and cheese sandwich with pickles on it. Apparently at jimmy johns pickles are not allowed to touch the bread as I was told they won't put pickles on a sandwich and I just had to buy a side pickle. Seems like a very small step to take for customer service. My daughter spilled her drink on the table and I asked the girl at the counter for a towel. This also seemed to be a monumental task. Overall poor customer service, but still one of the best darn sandwiches I have ever had in my life.
If a bread sandwich with a two paper thin slices of meat is up your alley, you will love this place! They claim "Gourmet Sandwiches"? Are you kidding me? I am not sure why Jimmy John's are popping up everywhere, the sandwiches are a joke! Don't waste you money or taste-buds.
The food is alright- the service is not.

My family went there for a quick dinner on February 14th.  With my 9 month old son in tow, we asked for extra cheese and avocado on the side so that he could enjoy the meal too.  Even though the menu states that they offer each, they told us that they could not accommodate our request but failed to give a reasonable explanation.  I decided that I would just get a sandwich that I could pick parts out of to feed my son- but the experience was not off to a good start.

Secondly, the place was empty.  We were the only patrons in the place while all of the adjacent restaurants were packed.  That's a red flag if ever I saw one.  The underage staff took advantage of this- playing the music too loud, throwing trash around behind the counter in order to make baskets into the garbage, and just generally not working.  The final nail in the coffin came when one of the employees took her break.  While in full view of us- and any other patrons had there been any- she flipped the bird to another employee.  She saw that I saw her and did nothing.  Didn't look ashamed that she was acting like a child or that she could potentially get in trouble.  I didn't see anyone that looked to be over the age of 20 working there.  No managers?  No wonder this place is being run so poorly.  

I will be surprised if this place lasts here for a year.  The staff is untrained, juvenile, and too lazy to accommodate patrons.

We will not be coming back.
First time at a Jimmy Johns; My son ordered a sandwich on Saturday around 12:30p. First, the place is tiny and so poorly laid out that it is difficult to know what to do first.  Do I get in line like at Subway, then pay? But the registers are up front. Ah, order and pay at the register.  I paid cash and no receipt was provided. Now you get in the single file line in front of the 3 staff making sandwiches. The line dead ends into the back of the store, where you also find the soda machine. There is only room for a single file line, so good luck getting out after your order is ready, or getting to the soda machine if you want a refill. 

Now the fun part...30 minutes of waiting and still no sandwich.  Guess it didn't dawn on the staff that my son standing at the end of the line for 30 minutes was waiting on something. I had walked away from the store to look for something more appetizing; after returning expecting to see my son sitting and eating, I  said something to the clueless staff. They said 'What did he have'? We told them, and they said "oh, someone must have picked that up"...as if it is not their fault they did not deliver my son's order to him. Since by now there was no one else waiting on a sandwich, they "rushed" it and made it.

Apparently, it takes 7 staff to make 6 sandwiches in 15 minutes.  The store did not smell good either, surprising since they have their "free smells" sign proudly lit.  You know how a bag of subs smells the next day?  That's what this tiny little store smells like...not fresh.  Luckily there are many other choices for food at Desert Ridge, including sandwiches at at least 4 other places including next door to this JJ.
It's nice for the "Assistant Manager" to apologize but seems most if the stores are like this. All very young kids who could care less about you as the customer. We went to one in Phoenix tonight (first time) and will never return. We were treated horribly by the "tween" staff, and when we called the "assistant mgr", she didn't care either. Subs were plain and tasteless. Will be sticking with Jersey Mike's. Very sad how you are treated at Jimmy Johns. At least at Jersey Mike's, your treated with respect.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. Spent $24 on three regular size turkey subs with bacon (extra $1.50 each sandwich for the bacon). No drinks or anything, just the subs! They might be longer than a 6" elsewhere, but they are practically half the width! I really couldn't taste any turkey (not much on there), just bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo. The restaurant was clean enough, but smelled bad. Not sure why... Won't be back, sorry!
This place is absolutely fantastic.. I do not understand the other bad reviews... If you want an AMAZING good quality sandwich to eat and amaze your taste buds, come here. If you want to get entertained then go see a movie.

The other reviewers are silly and not understanding of the menu.

1. Jimmy johns cannot give FREE sides of cheese and avacado, the Chicago style sandwiches are not suppose to even be made with cheese.

2. Why would you care about the people making your food, who cares? You came here to EAT good, affordable food, and you got it.

3.  This isn't a shack, it's just a little space, not a shack, it's enough. They weren't the first restaurant to be placed here, nothing they can do about bad construction from desert ridge market place.

4. Don't give jimmy johns a bad name because you are I'll informed, a fast food sandwich shop is not for entertaining, or anything other than making you GREAT food at a GREAT price.

I love all jimmy johns they are all exactly the same, they are chains, everyone one is gonna have good food, make sure you understand the menu before you order.

I eat at this specific location almost every day, grab my food eat it there in 5 minutes and move on. They also deliver to the immediate area of desert ridge, or you can get it to go. 

It is not a sit down restaurant, so don't expect to be waited on..
I love jimmy j's.  I eat at the desert ridge location every week, and have always been satisfied with the service.  I not sure what everyone else is complaining about. 

My favorite is the vegetarian #6.  Lastly, I highly recommend the delivery option.  The drivers are usually fast and very personable.
I love jimmy johns!! But  first time at this location and I have been waiting 10 mins for my sandwich! And there is maybe 6 ppl in here! That is just insane I would hate to see this place if they were slammed !!! And they have about 5 ppl working!!
Went in to order for a party and it seems that Bobbie the assistant manager really didn't know how or what to do... I left feeling yucky so I called back the next day to the general manager first off when someone asks are you the manager it would be really nice for you to introduce yourself in a professional manner and even maybe attempt to turn down your blaring music in the background to maybe help me out also maybe ask me why I was cancelling my order maybe try to remedy the situation maybe just maybe try to keep my business but no she was rude and short and didn't care at all that my order was cancelled.... Honestly if she showed a ounce of concern I would continued with my order won't be going back to this location sorry.
First time at this location & really disappointed. No other customers when we went in, so being busy not an excuse. Only one table was clean & there was an employee sitting at it eating. On the floor next to her, half a sandwich. I even took a picture & sent it to them. No response. If the place is thus dirty where the customers are, what does it look like where they prepare our food. Disgusted.
Opening day free food! Thank you. Cheese quesadilla was excellent. Daughter enjoyed the french fries. Tried the red salsa and the brown salsa. The brown was pretty good and the red was excellent. Chips were okay, but I tend to like a thinner chip. Restaurant was bright and clean, service was fast and cheerful and the overall quality of food was great. I will go back.
Great Mexican foods with many different seasonings and large portions.
This particular location have change owners like 4 times in the past year. they recently opened Tacos La mexicana and I really liked it. the portions and prices are pretty good. I tried the burrito with the flan and it was delicious. to give you a better idea of this place is like going to Robertos, but a bit more scale (not too much, just a bit)
Tip: do not miss their lunch special, 2 tacos, rice & bean + soda for 6 bucks!!
Went here again, and the food was still good in respect to taste, portion, and seasoning. Ordered a supreme burrito.

What changed that I disliked was that the sauces and jalepenos weren't readily available on that one middle table against the wall, and when I asked for jalepenos, they took it out of the freezer in the back of the kitchen and handed it to me directly.

The big deal about the jalepenos is that they are less spicy this way. In fact, boiling them makes them spicier. This might not be as big to other people, but when I order spicy food, especially if it's Mexican food, I expect a lot of spiciness.
Tacos de carne asada were very good, carnitas was very good as well but the al pastor was lacking in flavor. I liked the orange'ish salsa they had to go on the tacos and my son liked the rice as well.

One of my complaints with this type of place is always having the TV blasting Mexican soap operas while I'm trying to eat. Give it a rest.
This is going to be our new go to spot for mexican food. Its a brand new hidden treasure two blocks away from our house.

Roberto's is crap food and very expensive. They nickle and dime you so I really wanted to find a new mexican place that taste authentic. especially since our favorite restaurant chappala's closed last year.

Walking in the place was packed, no where to sit.. which in my eyes is a very good sign. there arent a lot of places to sit, maybe 5 tables but every chair was taken and people were chowing down.

Once we started looking at the menu a gentlemen walked out from behind the counter and handed us a menu. He mentioned we could always call ahead and then go through their drive thru for pick up. Wait, drive thru!? Thats a star in itself because theres somedays I just want my mexican food but dont want to get out of my pjs or put any makeup on. 

I noticed they are significantly lower than other places around here which is great. Here are the prices of some of the items we ordered. 4 rolled tacos (chicken) combinations plate (included guac, lettuce, sour cream and cheese) 6.95. Chicken hard tacos (fully loaded!! and huge! Completely worth it) 1.99. Small horchata 1.50. Pork tamale 1.99 Cheese quesadilla (made with the mexican cheese and super huge!) Asada burrito (beans, rice, cheese, onions, and meat) 4.99.

All of the above were delicious. I think the tamale could have had a bit more flavor but   I may just be spoiled from having cook them myself all the time.  Everything was in great portion. We have leftovers actually. Half the quesadilla, two chicken tacos and two rolled tacos, rice and beans. It came to 17 but next time im sure we will spend less.. our eyes were bigger than our stomach.  

The customer service was great and everyone was friendly and welcoming. they had no problem explaining what was in every burrito or mentioning what their biggest items sold are.

They had a salsa bar with lots of items and their salsa was delicious and fresh.

I really liked that they didnt charge to use our debit card, like robertos does.

would have taken more pictures of the food, but we inhaled it but i take that as a positive note :)
Awesome, new 2nd location of my favorite taco shop in Las Vegas.
Not much more to say than I've said in my 5-star review of their original location - I refer to this place again and again as my benchmark for street tacos and nachos.
Service is professional and friendly, and their fresh-made salsas are spectacular.
If you've got your favorite LA taco spot, you will be more than happy with this one.
Keep it up guys!
I've been a fan of the original Tacos La Mexicana on Decatur and Twain for some time. So, I'm thrilled that they brought all that taco goodness closer to my neck of the woods with their second location near Durango and Spring Mountain. The carnitas tacos are just as good as the ones at the original spot. The quality and flavor of the asada are better than almost any taco shop on the west side of town and the al pastor wasn't bad either. Tacos are pretty cheap at $1.39 each. The chicken tamale ($1.75) was pretty good, but the carnitas is what you should load up on.
Don't let the 4 versus 5 stars fool you, the food here is delicious, and everyone is warm and friendly, even to a very pale American girl who never had real Mexican food until she moved to Las Vegas

I judge Mexican food by the Carnitas, something I had for the first time about 4 years ago.  The carnitas here is delicious, but occasionally a bit too greasy.The carne asada has good flavor, also, and I enjoyed the pork tamale, huarache, and the rolled tacos.  The green salsa is absolutely too die for delicious.

I stop in once a week or more, and get treated like a welcome friend every time, and that keeps me coming back even more.  If you haven't tried it yet, stop in for lunch and try one of the lunch specials. You can even go through the drive-thru and take it with you!
Looking for a reasonably priced, fast and exceptional Mexican spot? This place is it! Roberto's has nothing on this place. Cleanliness and appearance alone beats them. Friendly workers and it also has a drive thru for the lazy pajama cravings;) Definitely my new spot for super burritos!
I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was garbage! The carne asada tasted bad, thin and hard, just bad quality. Roberto's is not that great but it's better than this place
Really good and the only complaint was my carne asada buritto was full of rice and beans yuck!!!! i couldnt taste the meat over these flavors it tasted like what i call a white burrito lol i know next time but theyre food is great all in all from the other things i have ordered try it out theyre great
Pretty tasty chicken nachos!  Beats Roberto's by a landslide.  Glad I found this quick lil yummy Mexican place nearby.  Thanks fellow yelpers!
Best tacos in town PERIOD!!!
I needed a street taco fix so we drove cross town to and decided to share a 4-taco platter that included beans and Spanish rice.  My wife chose 2 with al pastor while I settled on a pastor and a chorizo.  All were authentic (that's good), but the chorizo made my taste buds do the Shimmy, Shimmy Shake.
We always see this lil restaurant when we pay a visit over to CJ's next door but I only remember it from the days of the original owners of BeeGees :(

Anyway, we were craving some Mexican food so we decided to give them a try. When we walked in, there weren't very many customers so we were kind of weary at this point about continuing with our little adventure, but we proceeded on and ordered our food.

I ordered a plate that had 1 tamale and 1 chile relleno w/ beans and rice. I'm not asking to blow me out of the water, but the flavor on my entire plate was non-existent :(

Honestly, I'm no health inspector but I am pretty sure that the hot sauce containers have to completely be in ice, not just the bottom portion of it... AND there has to be the usual sneeze guards or at least covers not just random containers on a table in front of the bathroom?

Staff was uber nice but-- I'm sorry, not returning.
Had the Carne Tacos. It was pretty good. Their beef had some seasoning to it so it wasn't bland.  The service was nice and there's a self serve salsa table, which I love.
If you want best bang for you money and good Mexican foods, go somewhere else. First time ordering carne asada fries here and was very disappointed. They gave me half of what other shops are giving in their orders and charged the same price as other places around town. Wouldn't come back here again
I ordered the rolled tacos combination with beef, they were just ok.  The beans were really runny and did not have much flavor and the rice was pretty standard.  I will try again to see if this was just an off day.  The service was great though!
I really like this place! I like it better than  Roberto's Got 4 astada Tacos, beans and lettuce with tomatoes.  I think they just threw the lettuce and tomatoes on my plate, because I was suppose to get rice (I love rice, any kind of rice)  She told me as soon as the rice is ready she will bring it to me.  I love the condiment table, ohhhhh the pickled jalapenos.  I really liked the tacos!  the beans.......Well they could have kept that.  The lettuce and tomatoes, not sure how all that was suppose to be tied in with the rest of the meal, but what ever.....My rice never came.  
So I decided when I get off work, I will come back here so I can bring a plate home to my husband.  So  I just told the cashier, that I will pick up my rice when I get off work.  

I go back after work.  They already knew what the deal is!  That's pretty good service.  I ordered the same thing for my husband that I go for myself for lunch.  Tthey also gave me a free soda for my troubles.   So when I got home, and opened his plate!  WTF, I didn't get chips!  And he didn't get lettuce and tomatoes!  The chips were so good!  And the rice was the BOMB.COM!  They gave me a pint  and I ate the whole thing!  Next time, they can keep the beans, give me chips and rice!
Wow. How lucky it is that I've found this place. I hate to cook so I always eat out, and by always, I mean two meals a day. I've been going around different restaurants for months that fit my budget and I would pay around $10 ~ $15 for a decent meal at a decent restaurant. Then I came here. I ordered a lunch special for $6.43. I expected a paltry amount but no, I was quite full and the food was delicious! And the food wasn't watered-down Americanized food; it was genuine Mexican food. Since then, I've been coming here EVERYDAY (literally). I don't know how they are able run their business, serving such high quality food while charging so little. I almost fear that they might go out of business. I feel obligated to leave this five-star review because I want them to have a lot of customers. I absolutely love the place. Highly recommended.
Note: I'm an east coaster. I'm no taco pro. But these guys are awesome and the $5.99 lunch special is rad. 4 'cos (carnitas, pastor, pollo, chorizo), rice, beans, soda, bawse. The rice is bleh (but who needs it) and the pollo taco is bleh (isn't every?), but every other 'co was legit. 3-4 bites each in corn tortillas, they were sized perfectly.

The salsa's are solid, too. Reading previous reviews, I knew to ask for them at the window but didn't expect four different kinds to be tossed in the bag. Each different in consistency and spice level, it was fun to mix and match. 

This place crushes Roberto's (minus the breakfast burrito) and I can't wait to get back here (tomorrow). Bonus: it's right next to a taco bell (sorry TBell).
I've been looking forward to trying this place since it opened....sadly I was not pleased. The lady at the cashier was so nice but that's about all I have to say for nice things. The tamale was small, and just eh tasting. Tacos were alright. The enchilada....was not an enchilada at all. No meat, flat, and almost like a quesadilla with enchilada sauce on it. Honestly, Frank and Phina's Caucina and Roberto's has bigger, real portions and prices are good!
One day several months ago I was trying to find a good taco shop close to work. With the courtesy of Yelp, I found the Tacos La Mexicana restaurant, so my friends and I decided to give it a try. Here's what I thought:

THE DECOR (3 out of 5)
Nothing too special here as you would expect from any other taco shop in a little strip center. There are a limited number of tables here, but it usually isn't too much of a problem finding a place to sit after you've placed your order. The good part is that they do keep the dining area clean, and they have a couple of flat screen TVs to watch to pass the time.

THE FOOD (4 out of 5)
Now, the food is the best part. I usually order the 4 taco lunch special which includes 4 tacos, beans, rice and a drink. With the tacos you just need to let them know what kind of meat that you want from Al Pastor, Chorizo, Carnitas, etc. The tacos taste fresh and are definitely delicious. The little salsa bar that they have setup on a small table may be a little lacking but at least they have the usual suspects with a couple of different salsas, carrots, jalapeos, and radishes.

THE PRICE (5 out of 5)
So, the lunch special that I usually get is just $5.99 plus tax! So you won't be breaking the bank when eating at this restaurant. 

OVERALL (4 out of 5)
So, if you're on the west side of town and feel a hankering for some good but cheap eats, you should definitely give Tacos La Mexicana a try!
I had the urge for tacos but wanted too try something different then my normal spot. So thought too myself is there better time too check out Tacos La Mexicana! I remember back when it use too be japanese restaurant and always been curious too check it out. I heard lot of positive reviews for it. My first impression walked in was floor space itself nothing changed and there still bamboo plants that use for decoration. Really that when the similarity ends. Inside they changed the color, added big sombrero on the wall, the menu has a nice diversity (but not too big), and drinks have your horchata, mexican soda (love that old school soda in glass bottle) and old school coke glass bottle. Small place laid back atmosphere plus if on the go they even have drive thru window.

I always been fan of authentic tacos none of this american fast food tacos. Between taco trucks and authentic places like Tacos La Mexicana nice option. Lengua guy through and through. No exception got two lengua and two carne asadas tacos. I had too get some refried beans just cause. It like having peanuts and beer. One compliments the other. Both tacos were awesome! I like the portion size of meat they give you per tacos. Both cooked perfect, nice moist, hot, tasty, and hit it with one of five different salsas. Delicious! I almost got in all five. The salsa verde, salsa roja, and regular salsa. You can tell they were freshly made each day. Although the way they ice it down had its own personality. I think the fact that they have FIVE different salsa all daily fresh made, along with your pickled jalapenos/carrots. By far best salsa bar or station had in town yet! The refried beans were pretty tasty too. I just came Big fab of Tacos La Mexicana.

The lunch specials talk about STEAL of deal. Four tacos any choice PLUS you get rice and beans plus drink. It not that much more for dinner but ordering tacos at dinner that all you get. So lunch better bargain but still lunch of dinner great value great food. Plus five different salsas not as though same tacos every time. I know Tacos La Mexicana is place that plan on stopping by more often.
Authentic food, but they messed up my order and over charged us.
A fine Mexican joint with good food, good prices, and a slightly hole in the wall interior.
They use Mexican cheese instead of jack or mozarella which gives their quesadilla and beans with cheese a delicious, authentic flavor.
Had some chorizo tacos and the meat was stellar.  Nice spice and the corn tortillas were cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend this place.  
If you're used to eating at Roberto's you will find this place is leagues better and with lower prices to boot.
Love my 4 tacos, rice, beans, and pop for $5.99...Best lunch deal in Vegas! The pastor is soooo good! I always want to try a burrito or torta or something, but can never stray away from the lunch special!
Decently priced Mexican food. The carnitas torta is amazing!  Kinda far from my house though. Tried the torta at Roberto's and it's just not the same...at all. Oh well, the drive is worth it!
love it! delicious!!!!!!!  if you are looking for excellent mexican food, this is the place to come...
Awesome I only do the lunch special always, cause the deal is great, one time the rice was kind of nasty tasting, but I gave it another try. And ever since then I am In love. I still want to try other things but I love tacos, (no cilantro) I grew up in Mexico and these are great tacos
Authentic mexican food. Get it made your way. Hard tacos & Calient picante salsa. Smells sooo good and is located next to a Taco Bell lpl.  Very nice service. Made to order. Only $1.99 for hard tacos beef or chicken, and real shredded cheese. They werent tight on the salsa either. I had it to go they incl. limes napkins without me asking. Sooo yummy. Ill def. be back.
Great service and fast you get that these days. The drive thru is quick and they have a nice light menu so you won't be struggling on reading the menu. The employees are very nice and they know menu really good. I will be back when ever I want authentic Mexican food
I've seen this place on Durango for a long time and finally decided to try it.  I hit the drive thru with one car in front of me.  I ordered the cheese enchilada combo and a large diet coke.  The car in front of me waited at the window for about 10 minutes before receiving their order of one to-go container.  I drove up and the gentleman at the window apologized for the wait and took my money.  I waited at least another 7 or 8 minutes for them to finally get my order.  I then had to ask for my drink and some hot sauce as none was offered.

Now I sit at my computer at work with my order......that is wrong!  They gave me chicken enchiladas instead of the cheese.  In fact there was almost no cheese anywhere on or in these enchiladas!  There was almost no sauce on them either.  They were practically dry!

Overall, a pretty bad experience from slow service to getting the wrong food that was not very good.  Next time, I will go to the usual Robertos.
Not very good anymore just flavorless and kinda gross I don't know what happened the torta was really bland and dry my rolled tacos were just not good :-( I use to really like this place
Good place for Mexican food. And it's very affordable. Roberto's is shit next to this place. Their salsas are actually salsa, not water down crap lol try it and enjoy the food.
I read a lot of positive reviews about this place and had to try it out for myself. I came and got a lunch special and I have been going back ever since. I'm tired of the Roberto commercials talking about real authentic Mexican food, Roberto's has nothing on Tacos la Mexicana.
Decent tacos and super cheap too, especially if you come during lunch (before 3 pm) for their lunch special where you get 4 tacos, rice, beans and drink for $5.99. If you come after 3 pm, you pay the same price and just don't get a drink. They also have several other specials on the menu and the same policy applies. 

The chorizo is my favorite so far. The tacos seemed smaller than other places but the meats are tasty although sometimes slightly greasy. The horchata tasted watered down so just opt for a soda.
Popped in for a couple breakfast burritos with the wifey this morning. Good sized burritos with plenty of eggs, taters & bacon inside. The tortillas were cooked perfectly, where they're slightly golden brown & crispy.

My only complaint was the burritos seemed a little dry... A lil' sour cream on the inside would compliment them nicely.
Me and a friend stopped by to pick up some dinner to go. The lady at the register, Diana, was so nice. She took time out of her day to describe some of the foods that we had questions about. Super nice staff, friendly and makes you feel like you are a part of the family. The food is so good and flavorful. Will keep going back again and again!!
I love the carne asada huaraches they are the best!!! It's a gigantic tortilla filled with black beans topped with meat,cheese, onion  and salsa verde. They take a long time But its worth it. The service is always good.
Yummmmy!!!!!!!!!

This place is amazing!!! Real authentic drive thru mexican food!!! Omg! the best.

I was a little sad at first cause their menu showed no vegetarian option so I asked for a specific burrito without meat, the worker then told me they do in fact have a delicious vegetarian burrito.  My suggestion to them would be to put it on the menu. 

Other then that this place is my go to fast mexican food.
Food was so so. I wanted to try them vs Roberto's but the food wasn't seasoned well and i didn't much care for the chicken rolled tacos. The carna asada taco was ok. Im from cali so i know good Mexican food and this isn't it.
Tacos La Mexicana is the place to go for lunch. For only $5.99, you get four tacos, rice, refried beans, and a small drink. I usually get their chicken and pastor (pork) tacos. The chicken is not particularly seasoned and is more like pulled chicken. The pastor is not the best that I've ever tried, but it is definitely decent. The food in general is tasty, and the price is even better.

I also like their small salsa bar. The red salsas are all delicious, and my favorite salsa is the green one (without seeds). It is packed with flavor and is definitely their spiciest salsa.

Overall, the service, price, and food is great and a must-try!
This place rules. I'm guilty of settling for Taco Bell for lunch before, but one time the line for the drive thru was nuts while the one for Tacos La Mexicana, which is right across the way,  was barren. I decided to stop betraying my heritage and give their drive thru a try, even though I knew it would take a little longer considering I was buying real food. The wait wasn't too much longer though: I got my food in minutes, it beat the crap out of Taco Bell, and I've been going here ever since. I loved everything I've had so far, the people are always nice and very accomodating, and the cost won't kill your wallet.
Was surprised of the quality! Had the tacos. The beans were very tasty. Had the chips and guacamole. Was not what I thought. Negative there.
The tacos AL Pastor  and de carnitas are awesome.  The enchiladas are good too. Their green salsa is tasty.  I liked the Horchata because it wasn't super sweet.  We will be back.
I went in here, orderd chicken delizia and BBQ chicken pizza for the first time!!! They were soo good.. I have lived here 10 years and I have not found any better pizza!! They have great prices, and really good quality gourmet pizza, baked on brick stone wood fire oven..  I will have to come back..
I bought a Yelp Coupon to this place a while back, $10 for $20 worth of food and was super excited to check it out based on a few of the reviews but when We drove accross town to get there we found out they were out of cheese. 

About a month later when we were back in that neighborhood we tried again, and Im glad we did. 

We had an appetizer with hummus and pita bread, cucumbers, pepperchinis and olives. The homemade hummus was delicious and the pitta was warm and soft. it was a very tasty appetizer especially with the cucumber and olives. 

The pizza we ordered was called "hearty veggie"  It was a white pizza using Alfredo sauce . Artichokes, garlic, onion and some other ingredients made it a super tasty pie, I added a little sirracha to mine and was in heaven. 

The atmosphere wasn't spectacular, it felt very crammed and messy, but we ate great pizza and thats really the most important thing. Plus the staff were very nice, the pizza maker was proud of his pizza and put a lot of love into it.  I like that. 
We will be back. but probably take the pizza to go. :)
I decided to give them a try and as I parked I found the place closed, even though the website said they were open at the time of my visit. I think they may have closed down the place, don't waste your time.
Got a menu for Pizzalicious a few weeks ago and wanted to try it out because of their large selection of specialty pizzas. I was browsing Yelp and saw they had a $10 for $20 special, which gave me more incentive to give it a go. Got the Greek Marathon specialty pizza, which was a "Must Try" without onions. Instead of red sauce, I picked to switch it to a creamy garlic sauce. Delicious. The staff got straight to work and had it done within ten minutes, which was super nice. I tend to only get cheese pizzas, but I thought it would be a crime not to get something different. Luckily, I was in the right to choose something different for once. It tasted like... biting into a gyro without the meat. The garlic and feta combo was perfect! 

The only thing to complain about is the decor. It screams old pizza joint which I thought was weird because they just opened. I didn't really mind cause I was grabbing it to go, but it struck me as odd. 

But overall, it was a spectacular expedience with the food and staff. I will definitely have to come back to try other pizzas soon!
Lots of coupon offers on website, yelp, and groupon  good prices, good food, just wish they were open later
I absolutely agree with previous reviews. I was about to make a pizza myself but hunger was telling me that it'll take a lot longer than take out :)

Ordered Pesto Extravaganza and Maui Maui... both were great. I usually don't eat the crust but this one was pretty palatable so I cleaned up. It is not Pizza Hut-cheap but it is absolutely worth it.
Ordered a caramelized XL pizza which was fresh tasting and cooked properly, about 4 stars :) Definitely needed a little more sauce, barely any on it, and more shrooms for my $2 up charge.

Up charging me $2 to swap shrooms for roasted garlic after telling me $1 over the phone :(

You're a small pizza shop, who in my opinion, should swap out a topping for nothing if you want to stay in business instead of trying to nickel & dime your customers. And on top of that there weren't very many on them either.

Definitely could've been friendlier over the phone and in person, the girl working tonight. The actual dining area is small and is set up more for eating a quick slice rather than going to dinner there.

So, $26 pizza with an additional $2 for barely any mushrooms plus tax, minus $5 due to website coupon, ended up being $25 out the door. Way overpriced compared to what else you can get locally with the same quality of ingredients.

So, when looking at the star descriptions, "Meh. I've experienced better", was the appropriate rating.
My favorite pizza in all of Vegas! I'm not a crazy pizza critic but out of all the one I've tried... Metro Pizza, Russo, Fat Moes, Happy Pizza and Naked City... Pizzalicious is by far superior. They have variety on top of more variety.  Every time we have ordered delivery they are earlier than expected! Very friendly. The food yum. Simply it's delicious.
Pizza was super yummy. We ordered the thin crust pizza with pepperoni. The sauce is delicious. And probably my favorite part. With the pepperoni it was not too greasy. The cheese was perfectly cooked. They didn't add too much like some places do which was great. I would recommend. We will probably order pizza here more often now.
The guy that owns this restaurant is super nice always helpful.  Amazing pizza & wings !!! Fast service and great food.
I'm lactose intolerant so I order pizza without cheese.My review is based solely on the quality of the toppings and crust.  This places crust is perfect and the vegetable toppings fresh. It has my 5 star review.  If your crust jockey you'll enjoy this place.
We live around the corner, off Russell & buffalo. We had coupons that came in the mail that we were pleased to see. We went with "PIZZA & SALAD
LARGE 3 TOPPING PIZZA & GREEK SALAD ONLY $16.99".  I copied it from their website they have a coupon section.

Okay our pizza was extra cheese, pepperoni & light sauce. I have to say I loved the crust, the toppings & the high quality of the ingredients.  Very delicious pizza! I did NOT like their greek salad.  It was mixed salad blend. Whatever they use for the salad as far as the dark green leafs were so disgustingly bitter, I made a face as if I was having a sour patch kids candy. It was hard to swallow, so I worked my way around the dark green leafs. Again quality of the ingredients was high. I won't be getting the greek salad unless they change the mix to a less bitter tasting flavored lettuce. The artichokes hearts were delicious though.

http://www.lvpizzalicious.com/coupons They have a dinner special deal. "5 COURSE DINNER ONE LARGE 2 TOPPING PIZZA, ANY SALAD, 10 WINGS, CHEESY GARLIC BREAD & NY STYLE CHEESECAKE ONLY $34.99".  You save a few bucks ($5).

The only thing I thought their large was small (14"). I guess we're spoiled compared to our regular pizza place.. pick up special is16" pizza for $7.99 plus toppings being $1.75 each. The ingredients are high quality there also.

I'll still give them a 4 star rating, "YAY! I'm a fan".  Pizza was awesome.
Never seen one of these outside of a mall, so you can imagine my surprise when on my way to my typical sandwich shop, I spotted this hidden gem, and to boot, it had a drive-thru. Shut. Your. Mouth. Service was friendly, just remember that they're frying up your Dog on a Stick when you order it, so it's not lightning-speed service; you may have to wait a bit, but it will be oh-so-worth-it. Keep your peepers open, because if you blink you'll drive right by it!!
First of all, I should tell you I have a serious addiction to HDoaS. I love all their food and drink, and I do not think I've ever had a service issue to complain about. So, this review is going to be all positives. Pretty much you're going to read this for my recommendations!

I always get the same three things here: the beef hot dog and the pepper jack on a stick and a regular lemonade. They're the best things on the menu, I believe, and really the best way to introduce people to HDoaS. See, it's the simple stuff here that delivers. The hot dogs are quality Nathan's (I think) so you're not getting value-brand stuff. It shows when you bite into a hot dog -- the meat is still fairly moist and flavorful, and you can tell it's legit comfort food. The cheese, too, is perfect. It comes out super hot and gooey, and you need to take your time getting to it. There's actually somewhat of a science to this: you can't get to it too quickly or it'll be too hot, and you can't wait too long or it'll be too cool. You really have to Goldilocks it, and my informal scientific study reveals the magic wait time to be around 45 seconds from presentation to consumption. Results may vary, so have the lemonade available for when you burn your mouth. Having said that, I accompany my foodstuffs with lemonade. I don't go for the different flavors they offer (lime, cherry, frozen) because I think the original is perfect. It ain't broke, don't fix it...

As mentioned before, they make the food to order. That means your order could take about two minutes, so don't be upset. It's worth it. Also, just so you know, this place is not a budget eatery like Taco Bell. If you wanna eat a ton for $5, this place isn't your best bet. I spent $18 today on two combo meals plus a cheese. Totally worth it, though. 

This particular location has a more expansive menu featuring chicken and other stuff. I've never ventured outside my comfort zone with their food, so I cannot report on their worth. Probably also really good, though.
Great food! #MustTry Cheese on a stick, Veggie Dog on a stick, Cherry Lemonade & fries Excellent service and very upbeat staff! Thank you!!!
Yes, I'm giving Hot Dog on A Stick 5 stars! I have nothing negative to say about my experience, it was actually above and beyond what I would ever expect from a Hot Dog on A Stick. I had only seen Hot Dog on A Stick in the food court at the mall before, so I was surprised to see a location in a small shopping center AND it has a drive-thru! Score! I was greeted by Casper, who went over the menu and specials. On Mondays & Wednesdays you can get double stamps on your rewards card. After you buy any 13 items you get 1 free! Don't forget to ask for a card! Casper also said that when it comes to drink sizes, the souvenir cup is $4 and some change, but you get $2 refills. This ends up a great deal if you plan on coming back. Casper also gave me a sample of their new orange lemonade flavor and it was refreshing.

I started out with a "Cheese on a Stick" priced at $2.85 and chose the American cheese (they also have pepper jack). Yum! This one isn't as big as the regular hot dog on a stick, but is very cheesy and was my favorite! Next I had the "Beef on a Stick" priced at $3.35 and again was pleased. The corn dog was made with an all-beef Nathan's hot dog. The corn dogs are battered and cooked fresh to order and both of mine were cooked perfect. 

Aside from corn dogs, on the menu you will find funnel cake sticks, french fries, hot dogs (in a bun!) and of course lemonade that is made fresh about every 2 hours in a variety of yummy flavors.
Can't say I've ever been a fan of Hot Dog on a Stick. I wasn't ever really into corn dogs. So this chain has never been on my list.

But they do make a tasty limeade.

Until I heard about this Hot Dog on a Stick outside of a mall, I was mostly oblivious to the notion that Hot Dog on a Stick pretty much only existed inside mall food courts. So to now have a location not only outside a mall, but with a drive-thru? It's like a Hot Dog on a Stick fan's wildest dream come true.

Anyway, if you're familiar with their product, it's the same stuff. When I went through their drive-thru, I guess it took a long time to get my food because they gave me some free fries for the wait. That was a nice surprise.
Love it!!  Really great corn dogs and the Cheese on a stick tastes just like a grilled cheese sandwich!! Yum!!

Great little lunch place!!
I love hotdog on a stick, I hate going to the mall. When I got word of this free standing location, I ignored my gluten free diet and indulged. It was so good, I got 3 corn dogs and 2 lemonades. It was one of the best meals I had in months. It's very expensive for what it is, but worth every penny!
Hot Dog on a Stick, my jam when I cruise the mall.

What's not to love, freshly battered and fried hot dogs, turkey dogs, and cheese on a stick. They are heaven. They also serve up the best freaking lemonade I've ever had in my life. Shout out to Cherry Lemonade, I love you.

This location also offers fries, chilli cheese fries, and just plain ol' chilli. On my visit, I got a turkey dog and pepper jack cheese on a mother freakin' stick. Just as awesome as it is at the mall without all the teenagers behaving like teenagers.

Service was quick and friendly. The store was super clean. 

This location has a drive-thru and a frequent lemonade card. Buy 12, get your 13th free.
What hot dog on a stick with a DRIVE THRU! Hell ya I don't have to go to a mall to get a lemonade and a corn dog. 
They guy in the drive was super nice. Offered us a free sample of their new orange lemonade. I ended up ordering one of those too. It was quite tasty! 
It's a very tight turn though so watch out big trucks.
They have a punch card to earn free stuff too. You get one punch per item you buy. Double punches on Mondays & Wednesdays.
I love this place, always have lol but you will spend some dough there.  The food always great !! But it will cost you ..lol
I think it's neat that they have this location.

Went to the drive thru today and they have the traditional menu but maybe even a bit more. The prices are the same as I remember. The food is also the same. It's good! The girl at the window was nice. The knew the menu well and knew the combos well. 

I get the three lemonade flavors mixed btw. try it!

I'm not giving it 5 stars because they aren't the best corn dogs. They aren't a 5 star corn dog. They are good, very good, but yea.. Not like a fair..

My one complaint is that the drive thru was a bit dirty.

The corn dogs take the same "about three minutes" as the locations in malls.
Being from Texas, and not a fan of malls, I had no idea what this place was when I drove by after moving in nearby. But that changed today.

Swung through the drive thru today after my workout- gotta stay fat somehow, right?
In any case, the line wasn't long but the wait kind of was: was probably probably in line about ten minutes.

Ordered the beef hot dog on a stick and the american cheese on a stick. No clue what to expect, I usually just hit up Sonic when the random corndog craving strikes. But with the rave reviews here, surely this place was something special.

Got home and shared my treats with the BF: I got a bite or two of the dog with some regular Frech's before he inhaled the rest with some spicy brown mustard. Both of us were perplexed by the cheese on a stick (american)- seems like it's supposed to be their take on a grilled cheese, and it's not bad, just... odd. 

Probably won't be by often, but definitely giving an extra star for the spicy brown mustard- will scoop up an extra packet or three next time I go in.
Not like it used to be. Maybe the psychological effects of being in the mall made it better when I was younger. Either that or the quality just isn't the same...like most things. I need a nap now.
This place is just good. I like that the corn dogs are all beef and made fresh to order. I like to come on double stamp days (Mondays and Wednesdays) because my card fills up fast and then when it does I get a free menu item. The employees are friendly and remember you. If you want to sample any of the lemonades just ask and they will give you a taste. The beef on a stick is always good but the pepper jack cheese on a stick goes nice with it. The cheese on a stick isn't too spicy but still has a nice little zing. I tried the funnel cake sticks and they were made perfect. Not much greasy and not as sweet as they appeared. There is a drive thru here if you don't want to go inside.
I love cheese on a stick and I was so craving one but I didn't want to go to the mall to get one so, my daughter said that there was a place on Charleston near her college and so I went to check it out and the service is great and of course love my pepper jack cheese on a stick I sure glad I don't live anywhere close by or else I would be here every other day and that would mean trouble lol and hitting the gym.  This place is pretty big and just like the mall great lemonade and sticks.  Check them out they even have Nathan's hot dogs now so if you like hot dogs this is a great inexpensive place to eat .  

Happy eating  xoxoxo
Awesome!! Hot Dog on a Stick with a drive through! What else could we want in life!!
I love the corn dogs at Hot Dog on a Stick!  Always fresh and hot.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Not having to go to a mall to satisfy my corn dog craving is a huge plus!
This was my first Hot Dog On A Stick experience that wasn't in a mall. I must say I love this location! For the first time I was able to enjoy my food without teenage thugs all up in my business. John was very friendly and helpful and even did a great non annoying upsale. I will be back!
The hotdogs are turkey you can get beef or a veggie a stick . The lemonade is made old fashioned way . They are clean and simple
I remember going to hot dog on a stick at the meadows mall when I was like 13 and it was goooood. I remember the goofy uniforms the employees had to wear and laughing when I saw someone I knew who worked there =p. 

I was hungry after work but didn't want something heavy. I remembered hearing this place had opened up and had a drive thru! It isn't too far from work so I headed over. I missed the place the first time around. You have to turn into the shopping center with the stop light to get into the parking lot otherwise you can't get to the restaurant. Eventually after turning down a side street and turning again I was back on charleston and turned into the plaza. I made it! 

I ordered a beef hot dog on a stick and a pepper jack cheese on a stick. It was almost $7 for the 2 items. I don't normally buy corndogs so I don't know if the price is good but $3 something for a corndog seems a bit high to me. It took a few minutes to prepare my food but when I bit into the corndog it was warm. Same thing with the cheese. I expected hot gooey and cheesy but it was just warm. Even the batter on the outside wasn't crunchy. I was disappointed. The food was good but I was expecting more. Maybe I went on an off night? Maybe that is the normal temp of their foods? I know they are supposed to batter and cook everything fresh to order so I don't really know what the deal was. I probably will try them again if I'm in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
I grew up with this place! My cousins worked at the one in the meadows, and my mom would leave me there while shopping at Macy's. Then, there's the OG at the SM pier. Glad we have a drive through, at ours. Glad I don't have to be in SM! Everytime we go, we get discounts. I don't eat hot dogs, but they offer vegan and turkey. The vegan tastes so much like a hot dog, it's scary.
This is like a childhood favorite. Love that they have turkey corn dogs and that you no longer have to go to the mall to get them. The girls that work there have really good customer service or friendly and polite
My favorite Chinese restaurant in town!  In addition to their normal menu, they offer a very extensive list of authentic Chinese dishes, which are both delicious and high quality.  I think their chef is doing a great job, and I hope that they continue with their level of service and quality into the future.

If you have never tried more authentic Chinese cooking, do yourself a favor and reach out of your comfort zone a bit!  You will not be disappointed.  Many of the traditional dishes are spicier than some of my friends can handle, so if you're like them, don't be afraid to order the dish and ask them to tone down the heat a little.

Here's my history:

I tried the spicy eggplant, which was extremely fragrant and tasty, not to mention, beautiful.  The plate literally glowed purple, that's how fresh the eggplant was.  My friend ordered the Cumin Beef, which was also amazing.  

11-8-13:  Ate there today and tried the black pepper chicken and the pork dumplings (both from the Chinese version menu), and both were amazing!  The pepper chicken reminded me of deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper that you'll find at some of the other more authentic Chinese restaurants in town.  And the dumplings were hand made!!

12-18-13: Ate there again today with others and we tried the cumin chicken.  AMAZING.  We also had the pork dumplings, which are just as good as the first time I had them.  They are a bit smaller now, but there are more of them, which I actually prefer.  At $6.00 for a plate full, it's a complete steal.  We also tried traditional (Chinese style) sweet/sour pork.  It was pretty good, but maybe a bit sweet for our tastes. 

12-20-13: The black pepper chicken changed, it was mostly fried bread this time, a bit disappointing.  Hopefully it was just a bad batch this time.  But their spicy green beans delivered.  AMAZING, they do it better than anyone else in town, IMO.  Definitely one of my favorite dishes there.

I'm really loving the traditional Chinese menu here, and it keeps growing!

Check out my pics...
Got a quick bite while in town visiting friends, nice "IKEA style" interior I like, food is well made and fresh, LOVE the hand made dumpling!! Will come back again!~~
I was wondering what to eat yesterday and when I yelped around, I saw this attractive style place. Double 10, nice name, as a Chinese, I know what that means, it means perfect, and in here, I think "perfectis exactly for the food, oh yeah, and also the environment. I tried almost all the top 5 dishes here, and I can say they are amazing, from service to drink and food, that's kind of feeling that I went home and my mom cooked me those!
Here is a such bright & fashionable place! I like the style they have,it makes me feel warm n comfortable! So glad to know they grand opening! Almost forget to tell, they have wonderful food also!!! Especially dumplings!  Definitely Come back!
This is a decent restaurant. The food is freshly made. 
The waitress is pretty. The renovation is cute. And I like the chinese dumplings they made. I think Double 10 is a good choice when it comes to chinese food. I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family.
The food was really just OK in my book. The Mapo Tofu is spicy(thankfully) but the Egg Drop Soup was surprisingly quite bland and tasteless(no salt). As others wrote - the inside decor is really nice. The service was very polite and professional. I feel like some of the other reviews are fakes(1 review, 5 stars and just for this place)
We loved this restaurant when it was Szechuan but then the food started getting bad and we stopped ordering. Then the restaurant became Double 10 and we decided to try it again and ordered the same thing - mongolian beef, chicken with broccoli and crab rangoons. To our surprise it was great! The crab rangoons were wrapped differently in thinner won ton wrappers and tasted delicious! And all the food was perfectly prepared.

Then we ordered again last night and it was horrible! Probably the worst Chinese food ever. The mongolian beef was chewy and resembled fat. The boneless spare ribs were lined in actual fat. And the chicken fried rice was tasteless. The chicken with broccoli was good but probably because it was mostly vegetables and no chicken. The crab rangoons were back to normal and tasted fine but not as good as the first time when we tried Double 10.

We were so disappointed and not going to risk spending $25 dollars again on bad food that we would rather throw away instead of saving for leftovers.

Maybe they have two chefs? We are not willing to keep ordering to find out.
Double 10 is a decent Chinese restaurant. 
The food is freshly made and tasty. 
I would recommend it to my friends and family.
I'm so glad that I just discovered such an adorable place in town!!! I like the decorations, they're so sweet!!! The most amazing part is that I can have some real Chinese food there.  I think Double 10 definitely gonna be my every day lunch spot!
Fantastic place. Clean and food is fresh. Taste good. The sour napa and the southeast bone are pretty good. Real Chinese food!
Wow! This is my go-to Chinese place. I've had the crab rangoon twice and it was perfect. The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth. The cream cheese filling was tasty. You get 8 for 4$. The house fried rice the second time was not quite as flavorful as the first time, but still had tons of meat and actually had pieces of onion and celery - very tasty. The egg foo young and the brown sauce was delicious. The moo shu vegetable was exactly as I expect my moo shu to be. The pancakes were thin and still moist, not dried out. I want to try the items off of the traditional menu next. The prices I think are very reasonable. I have eaten lots of Chinese food and I compare all the Chinese food I eat to the food I used to get at Danny Wong's Red Dragon in Minneapolis in the 80's. So far what I have had here actually seems on par with the Red Dragon in their heyday.  I am so happy to have found the Double 10. I hope that they can maintain consistency with their cooks as I believe that probably accounts for the most negative review that I saw here.
As I never order from its American-Chinese food menu, this review is limited to the authentic menu written on a piece of paper in the restaurant. Same menu is shown on the website as "traditional Chinese food."

Double 10 is a long-awaited addition to the increasingly diverse Chinese food scene in Madison. Most "authentic" Chinese restaurant serve Szechuan/Sichuan food (spicy)--places like Fugu, Soga, and Ichiban; while some serves Cantonese/Guangdong cuisine--like Wahkee or Lee's Garden on the west side. These restaurant are all good, verified (by myself) as "authentic", but in a way, lack of menu diversity.

And then, Double 10 brings something entirely different to Madison--cuisine hauled from northeastern China. In two visits, we had "slide pork", "pork with sour napa", "pork with dry bean curd" etc. They were items not found in any other Chinese restaurant in Madison, and of course, all very delicious.  

When we visited, almost every table ordered "North East Flavour Pork Bone" and that is something we aim for in our next visit. 

The staff was friendly. The dining area is a bit small, but good enough for small group gathering. The price is very reasonable, too. I hope they stay in business for long.
Madison has way too many mediocre-at-best Chinese takeout & delivery places. Double 10 is a little takeout joint (with like 4 tables if you want to eat in) that actually tries to put out good food. 

I've mostly gotten stuff from the traditional Chinese food menu and it's been reliably tasty. Nice dumplings made from scratch. Hot garlic pork is HOT. And tasty. But be careful. One time I accidentally knocked the container of left over hot garlic pork off the kitchen counter and on to the floor and I was NOT happy. Because it's good.
Went back to Wisconsin to visit a friend and they took me to this restaurant as they say it was one of the best. People are very nice and everythings really good, if you are in LA, then it would probably just be one of the many good Chinese restaurants, but in Wisconsin, i would definitely say go try it ! Really is THE BEST you can find in the area!
Ok, I've been living in Madison for over a year, and had been trying to find a place with decent but inexpensive chinese food. Fugu was ok, but overpriced and their delivery is slow. Ichiban seemed just ok. I've tried others with no luck. Finally I tried double 10, and I'm soooooo happy! It's really good, but also way cheaper than anything else I've found in town. I really liked the garlic sauce they have. They also had super fast service. This is my new go to Chinese place!
Not bad for traditional Chinese in madison, but nothing too special either. The Kung pao chicken (traditional) is the closest I've had to real Sichuan Kung pao. Decent spice level and a good blend of ingredients: peanuts, celery, peppers, and spicy chicken. 

The traditional dumplings;  however, are a total waste. Thick skin (which is fine if they have enough filling) had sparse fillings and were very bland. 

I'd stick to traditional Chinese menu and stay away from the dumplings.
We have gluten sensitivity in our family and they made fried rice without soy sauce for us. Very accommodating and friendly about it.
Hot Garlic Eggplant- not super spicy, but, oh sooo delicious! If you've haven't tried sweet'n'sour eggplant, eggplant w/ fish sauce, or really any eggplant dish from an authentic Chinese restaurant, do yourself a favor and try it!

Pork with Dried Bean Curd- this had plenty of spice, and was very good.

Both dishes came w/ small rices. Delivery was quick (30min). Food was hot, ample, and the closest thing to the best Szechuan Chinese food I've had at Seattle's Sichuanese Cuisine (recommended by a friend from Szechuan province), and St. Paul's Little Szechuan.

Please order off the "Traditional" menu, as Madison has far too many average American Chinese restaurants (I'm looking at you Imperial Garden), and could use a little "authentic" competition.
The location of this place is not easy to miss. It is right opposite whole foods, nice place for a quick stopover before/after grocery shopping. Or just whenever I feel like having some authentic northeastern chinese cuisine. From the outside, however, it looked small (well, it is small), so I almost didn't want to give it a try, thinking that it is just another american-chinese fast food place. But was I wrong! 

My first visit was on a rainy day, when we didn't feel like traveling far, and hence stopped in Double 10. My review is based on their local chinese menu/specials, b/c I haven't tried any of the american-chinese type food. I tried their kung pau chicken, shredded potatoes, fried noodles and rice, fish sauce egg plant, moo shu pork and the four season green beans. The dishes are very authentic. My boyfriend, who grew up in northeastern china, endorses their food too. 

As this is a largely family-run restaurant, and because the dishes are made to order, they are very good at customizing your dishes the way you want it. You can customize the level of spiciness, saltines, substitute rice for noodles etc. This is also the time to be creative. If there is a dish you want that is not on the menu, feel free to tell them about it, and they will make it for you. 

The bonus is that they carry fresh home made chinese dumplings with a variety of fillings, including a vegetarian option. Those dumplings are kind of pricey compared to the other items on the menu, but they are home made, so I would say that is a great trade off. But it depends on how much you are willing to fork out for your meal. 

This is a great place and a great addition to Madison, where traditional northeastern chinese food does not easily come by. For the adventurous people out there who are curious about northeastern chinese food, there is no better place to start than double 10, who are great at listening to what you want and then making it for you. One small note, seating is very limited, only about 5 tables, so ordering ahead and getting it to go is the safest bet, or you can get them to deliver straight to your door.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in Madison.  Authentic menu is awesome... Service is awesome and super nice.  Small dining area is comfortable and homey. Love this place.  Eggplant w/garlic is amazing.
The food was good, and the portions were generous, but the decoration was lacking; it has a strong teen-girl-in-Ikea vibe. Still, if a restaurant's only fault is the decor, you know it's good.
I ordered the lunch to serve 20 people for my graduation talk on Dec 2013. They delivered on time. And the food are great. Most of my talk attendee told me they like the food and ask me to share the address.
Fourth time here and the food is so delicious. Tonight I'm having the Garlic Chicken which is virtually perfect. My son is having the Traditional Kung Pao Chicken which is too spicy for me but the flavor is wonderful.