Expensive for food that is mediocre.  The wait time for the food was incredibly long and they weren't even that busy.  Lame.
As a recent Chicago transplant, I've really been missing Chicago pizza. Imagine my amazement when I discovered that there was an Uno's in Madison! 

Wrong. While the original Pizzaria Uno (at Ohio and Wabash) is wonderful, something is lost in translation here. I can't even explain it. It's just bad. 

The hunt for good deep dish in Madison continues...
solid food....very good service and kid friendly....a sure spot in the dells rotation.
It's OK. We were staying in the hotel nearby and the roads were terrible, so we walked over. Some interesting local craft beers on tap, but not a single pale ale; three stars there. Interesting pizza choices on the menu, and other choices for people who wanted something different. The pizza was good--not great, but better than your average delivery pizza. I like their crust, the toppings tasted fresh, and sauce had flavor--food 3 stars. Service also three stars--friendly & prompt.  For a chain restaurant, Uno's is better than most, though would much prefer a locally owned pizzeria.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FYI From Mens Health (should you care about such things):
 Uno Chicago Grill Chicago Classic Deep Dish Pizza

2,310 calories 
162 g fat 
123 g carbs 
4,470 mg sodium

Downing this "personal" pizza is equivalent to eating 18 slices of Domino's Crunchy Thin Crust cheese pizza.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Of course it tastes 18 time better, so there is a trade-off...
Very good service and great pizza! The staff did a great job with refills and making the 4 kids in our group comfortable. The bloody Mary bar looked great.
Horrible, horrible service.  I went twice before writing a review.  the first time I thought maybe it was an off day.  The second time, they lost me as a customer.  The wait staff was more interested in talking about their weekend plans than serving customers.  The food was okay, nothing special.  But, for the price, I expect a little more service from a staff that realizes they're not working at Denny's.  Hell, Denny's usually has pretty solid service.  This place will have to go to an extreme to get me to return.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.
Great place for lunch. Fast and friendly service. Nice options of combos like salad and soup. Soup and burger. Soup and pizza. I am fan of the soups here. They are really fresh and i can try more than onesoup in all you can eat soup. Great value for the price you pay. I have to try to for dinner sometime.
Good, clean pizza/bar place.  Numero Uno pizza is the way to go and they have a decent amount of beers on tap.  Wait staff is nice and friendly.  

This is a chain, so you know exactly what to expect every time.  Good consistency.
I had the spinoccoli deep dish pizza and i loved it! It was very delicious but the only thing keeping me from 5 stars was that I understand that It was small and the pizza wasn't as filled as I would like it to be for the price. I also had the chi town appetizer platter and it was not bad. I could tell that the chicken tenders were made from scratch and the avocado egg rolls were pretty good! My meal overall was very filling and I'm extremely happy with my meal and service overall.
I've eaten here with my family as well as with coworkers.  The menu accommodates a wide variety of diet choices.  My wife eats gluten free and I work with vegetarians.  All are full when we leave.  Yes, the pizza can be a bit greasy.  But they also serve other foods including pastas and seafood.  Our service has always been wonderful and the food good.  It is a bit pricey though.
Enjoyed a Guacamole burger and fries for lunch a last week. It was good but not memorable.
We called in an order for delivery from our hotel, which advertised them on their room keys and gave us a delivery menu, only to be told they don't start delivery until 5pm. So...take note of that.

The pizzas were decent. We got some crazy deals, I think, because our order *should* have come out to waaaay more. Maybe it was a discount for them not delivering at lunch time...
8/10/13 and 8/11/13 We stopped in to enjoy the bar.  They had Ale Asylum Hopalicious, Lake Louie Warped Speed Scotch Ale, and New Belgium Brewing Rampant Imperial IPA on draft along with several others.  Tasty craft beers found at a chain restaurant are rare from my experience.  We learned it was happy hour all day on Sunday for several food items.  Their chili nachos and Caesar salad were tasty.  We enjoyed their deep dish spinoccoli with sausage.  It's not on the menu, but they still make it.  They play a nice and varied mix of music and have several TV's for sports watching.  We plan on stopping in more frequently.  In the past this wasn't a personal favorite.
Stopped by here after seeing a movie across the street.  The place wasn't very busy for a late Saturday night and I think we were the only ones sitting in the bar area.  This place had some New Glarus on tap which is a must anytime I am in Wisconsin. 

Our server was great and got us everything we needed quickly.  It wasn't till after we were served our food that we realized we didn't have any silverware.  It took a while for our server to come back into the room but once he did we waved him down and he promptly brought out silverware for us.  

We both really enjoyed our pasta dishes.  And there was plenty of food and I ended up taking half mine home.
Great for a quick lunch! Such a large variety on the menu, it will surely meet anyone's needs!
UNO, I truly love your food.  It is decadent and amazing and watching my significant other eat his way through an entire deep dish and straight towards a heart attack is especially rewarding.  However, I am incredibly disappointed in your new delivery system.  I am in the correct zip code and I had food delivered to my house twice with no issues.  Apparently something has changed, because after placing a third order the other night, I was informed that you do in fact deliver to my zip code... Just not to my apartment.  What gives?  Why did this change out of nowhere?  We had just added UNO to our weekly Friday delivery rotation and then you had to go and break our hearts.

But fine.  I understand.  I won't be spending as much money there but I wasn't mad because my apartment is about ten minutes away and maybe that's just too far.  But the girl who delivered this news could not have sounded like she cared any less about the inconvenience.  Just asked if we could come pick it up.  No explanation.  No offer to make things better or take a bit off the bill.  Just a flat, slightly irritated statement.  Thanks a lot.

The macaroni really hits the spot on a bad day.  Real shame about the disorganization and attitude though.  We could have had a beautiful relationship, UNO.
Ordered online and picked up...20 mins later, I was enjoying deep dish and artisan style pizzas.  Pizzas were great and affordable...will def order again. Glad it's very close to me.
Since writing my review, we have had UNO successfully deliver to our apartment three times, so perhaps the glitch in the system is fixed!  Thank you!
The service at this location is slow, the prices are outrageous, the food is totally sub-par, the drinks are always made super duper weak, and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice, but I would suggest going to a more delicious location.
I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it... I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...
They get three stars for the quick takeout and I do like the curry and lettuce wraps.  I'll be the first to admit that the food isn't great, but it's OK if it's one of those average weeknights.
First off, I'll say that it seems like everytime I eat here I'm a little disappointed. It's like I have a craving for it, but it doesn't deliver. I honestly think it's overpriced and not as good as PF Chang's - for a few bucks more I would much rather eat at Chang's...better atmosphere, better food. At any rate we do go here once and awhile since the 44th & Indian school location is by my house. Plus having 2 little ones, it's much easier to do take-out than a sit down restaurant. My husband & I both usually get the teriyaki chicken bowl and ask them to add extra veggies. We also like the crab wontons, but the lettuce wraps are nowhere near as good as Chang's.
I am not sure what's up will all of the negative reviews. The food has been pretty consistent, and actually the service is great. Even for carry out, they usually offer you a drink while you wait.  Never had a bad food experience here.  In fact, I think I am going to head out right now for some soup.
Pei Wei, you give Pad Thai a bad name.
let me start out with the positive: the service was excellent.  really.  for a restaurant where i order at a counter and THEN sit down, i wasn't expecting much.  but the service staff brought my food promptly, quickly removed my plates, and offered me to-go boxes and a refill.  

unfortunately, i have high expectations for asian food (especially thai food), and i was sadly disappointed by the curry.  so bland.  so so bland.  and the crab rangoon was nothing to write home about either.  

i may consider trying it again if i need to grab a really quick bite, but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Oooh, not good for Pei Wei that I can't remember what I ate here. It wasn't even that long ago...3 weeks? I have to say, I'm OVER all these places where you place your order and then go sit down. If the server has to come over to my table anyway, why can't he/she make that first effort? It is also awkward because do I leave a tip? I honestly cannot figure it out. 

Anyway, getting through the line was quick and effortless, though trying to carry 2 water glasses, two beer glasses, a huge sapporo and my table number was not thrilling. I remember rice...tofu...a few vegetables. It was spicy. there was no broccoli. Meh, it was decent, it ended up being big enough for two meals and it was relatively cheap. I'd probably go back, but I'm not sure why.
Well de-Elite me, I ate at Pei Wei!  Isn't the 11th commandment "thou shalt not eat pseudo Asian food at chain restaurants?"  Forgive me Father Yelp for I have sinned.  That's the extent of my religious knowledge BTW.

So I've only eaten at this location, only take-out, and only sweet and sour chicken, which renders my review pretty useless.  But consistently, it's hot, prepared well, and tasty.  It meets my expectations for what it is.  Do you go into KFC and expect your chicken was actually fried in Kentucky?  Oh wait, most of us don't go to KFC at all.  Too early for a good analogy I guess.
I know, don't hate.....but I needed to find something inexpensive for dinner and asian sounded good.  My roomie said she liked this place so I thought I would give it a try.  I consider myself a connesour of good food. I love fancy restaurants with beautiful presentation.  But when you're short on funds you make do.  I have to say that I was not expecting much from Pei Wie.  Maybe that's not fair.  

I walked in and was greeted warmly.  Since this was my first time the girl explained how to order.  I got the orange peel chicken and brown rice and an order of spring rolls.  I know this is not authentic asian food. But I will say this, it was hot and fresh and it was good.  The spring rolls were nice and crispy on the outside and cruncy on the inside.  The dipping sauce was good too.  My orange peel chicken had a little kick to it.  The veggies were cooked just right and the chicken was moist and tender.  And their ice tea was delish!  It went well with the meal.  Our server was attentive and brought us silverware and cleared everything when we were done.  The place was clean.  Even the area where the drink dispensers are was clean and sometimes that is an area that is just hard to keep clean.  

I will go back to this Pei Wie and I will try others.  I think places like this can be hit or miss and that's why they get a bad rap.  But there is a niche for everything and this is one of those niche type places.  I liked it.  So sue me.  I also did not realize that Pei Wie is part of the P.F. Chang's francise.  I like P.F. Chang's too.  There I said it!  So, like Heather C. said......de-Elite me for eating at a place like this that's owed by a francise like that.
It is fast and good
Big fan!

This probably one of the busier ones in town and I am always in and out. I love that you can order online!!! Just quick pop online, order what you want, the web page even guids you through the manu easier, and even pick exactly when you want it to be ready.

My favorite is the lettuce wrapps and the PeiWei Spicy Chicken! Must try them!

Moral of the day, when getting take out, order online! Way fast and you even get 25% your entire order the first tiem you do. Love it!
For quick fast food.. this is my choice.. I usually call ahead and get take out.. Dont expect super friendly.. but its just take out.. not clear table service.. even if you stay.. I always get the chicken salad with sesame vinagrette on the side but I will say, Im not a fan of the pungent dressing.. I get the chile sauce instead.. vietnamese rolls.. and its not so unhealthy.. NOW my friends that usually nosh with me.. hate the foods they get.. they say it every time I suggest this place.. who knows? Since I  havent really tried anything from my norm salad.. I cant say.. but for me its a strong 3..
Big fan!

This probably one of the busier ones in town and I am always in and out. I love that you can order online!!! 

The service is NOT the friendliest, but you can not go wrong with their Spicy Pei Wei chicken salad
This is our local Pei Wei, and I love Asian food.  This is the only real place my wife likes.  So we eat here alot.  This location is sometimes slow but I alwasy enjoy the food.  We order online, and orders always come out exactly the way you want with all the substitues.
I've tried and tried to find something I like at these restaurants and I just can't come up with a reason to go back. 

I tried the Lo Mein with chicken. It smelled good but, what I got was 3 lbs of noodles in an overly sweet sauce with a few julienne carrots and few sprouts. The chicken was dry and chewy. I just don't get the draw.
Pei Wei has always been a HUGE favorite of mine. I've been to a couple locations in The Valley, but this one I've been going too more than others. I've always ordered online and picked up the food after about 15-20 minutes, and every time it's always there waiting for me! 

Wait time? Hardly! If you do wait, it's a total of maybe 2 minutes? By then you're just walking back from getting your soda from their new touch-screen soda machine. Yeah...it's touch screen. There's so many flavors of drinks in this thing! My favorite is to mix Orange Coca-Cola and Vanilla Coca-Cola. Mmmm, goes great with the Orange Peel Signature dish! 

Aside from the epic soda machine and tiny (if any) wait time, the staff is super friendly, even during its busiest times. And trust me, this place can get packed during the lunch hour. 

PARKING TIP: If you're looking for a parking spot during the lunch hour it's nearly impossible. However, if you park on the north end of the Walgreen's next door (under the trees), there's almost always a spot. If that's full, then the spots at the front of Walgreen's on the east side are always opened. All you have to do is walk around the corner and BAM! You're at Pei Wei.
This is my #1 take-out restaurant. I call in my order, give my phone number, and they know it's me. It's quick and easy. I have take-out menu at my house and order my dinner for the evening. Most times it only take 15 minutes, therefore by the time I order, I get in my car to travel to Pei Wei. I get out of my car (they have a location where you can park in if you are grabbing and going). In the end, I come home, have a nice dinner! I even have leftovers too! Out of all I said, remember it's quick and easy!
I'm giving this 3-stars because Pei Wei is what it is. It's not PF Changs. BUT It does offer some gluten-free selections, which is all I can really ask for in a restaurant. 

I always get the gluten-free sweet & sour chicken, and they have a non-GF breading on the chicken that's pretty legit. You can also ask for the edamame to be GF - which means they cook it separately from the other edamame (although don't ask me what it's cooked in). I wish they had more to offer on the menu, especially the dessert offerings like PF Chang's. 

There's always 4-5 parking spaces reserved for pick-up orders, which is good because that parking lot gets SUPER full with Pita Jungle in the same area.
Met D there for lunch.  It was her pick today, she needed to get out of the office.  Wow, this place gets busy after 11:30am.  Get here or stand around looking for a table.  CRAZY!  

The food is you know "Americanized" Chinese food, so it is OK.  I got the usual honey sheared chicken with brown rice.  It is a little sweeter than I remembered.  Or it could be old age kicking in?  The green ice tea was good.  

All in all, OK.
The lettuce wraps alone would be a 10 star review. Unfortunately when it comes to Pei Wei, I've yet to really have anything else at any location that's blown me away. Wei Pei is about as standard as Americanized Asian food gets. It's just prepared here in quicker manner than full service chain restaurants, and usually in a better manner than fast food Asian restaurants. 

I went because my girlfriend had a craving for the lettuce wraps. While a few better places have similar wraps to Pei Wei and PF Chang's, I'll give these two chains credit for having the best. We jokingly said before ordering our meal that we should just have gone with two orders of the wraps. Ironically enough, we were right. We also Order Chicken Lo Mein. When I took the first taste, I was shocked to taste pretty much nothing. When my girlfriend took a bite, she realized it was sauceless. She then asked one of the "servers" (I don't know a better term for guy who brings food you ordered from counter to table and cleans off plates but didn't take your order) for some. We tossed it into the noodles and it made a big difference, but it still was a rather plain and boring version of a popular Chinese dish.
This is a great place to go when you want something quick but don't want to put fast food in your body. This is quality food without spending an hour and a half getting a meal. They also add a seasonal or new dish quite often so there is always something new to try. Think these would do well in CA. They should expand.
Went here with friends and have been to other locations. This location was different than the rest though.the food came out overlooked to the point of tasting burned. Was not impressed.
This place has been a favorite of mine since it opened as a cheaper and faster alternative to Pf. Chang's. I almost always order the Pad Thai and/or the Lettuce Wraps. Both of which are amazing. I always make I stop at Pei Wei when visiting AZ. Oh and the new Soda machine is amazing.
If you like P.F. Changs, you will love Pei Wei! It's essentially the same thing in a less formal dining setting, & Take-Out! I can't tell a difference between their Orange Chicken, or the lettuce wraps minus the price tag!!!
My favorite dish here is the Dan-Dan Noodles! (It's Hot. Spicy, & Pure Indulgence Pleasure for under $10!!!)

If you have not heard; "Pei Wei is not authentic Asian food!" Well neither is Panda Express, but I'll tell you Pei Wei is better than Panda Express & most Authentic Asian restaurants in the US! 
Yes I said most Authentic Asian restaurants! (NO MSG!)

"Can you believe the balls on this guy!?"

We'll I have had Chinese food in China Towns in San Francisco, LA, NY, Vancouver & Dallas! I've even had Peking Duck in Hong Kong; don't be impressed it was not that good! I love Chinese food, but I really love Asian Fusion! Roy's, PF Changs, & Pei Wei really wet my noodle!

The other nice thing about Pei Wei is their take out! 
I have them on speed dial...
So when I'm on my way home from work I'll call, & as I pull in I pay, pick up, and go! It's freshly cooked & No Wait!!!
I think Pei Wei is delicious. My favorite, although it isn't the most "authentic" is chicken pad thai. I only go to this location for lunch, as bossman loves their teriyaki, and it's nearby. I always order online and for take-away. The food has always been consistently good. These, though, are the reasons I don't like location: A) Parking is horrible during the lunch rush. Even with the dedicated spaces for to-go orders, I sometimes have to park at the other end of the lot. I think some people abuse those special parking spots! And B) The order is never usually ready by the time stated on the online order. Most times I wait about 5 minutes past. The staff is always friendly and until they do something horribly wrong, I won't stop my patronage!
Only thing I've tasted so far that was palatable is the Wonton Soup.
i have their phone number programmed into my phone!

their lettuce wraps are just as good as p.f. chang's

their pad thai is not bad at all!
I like Pei Wei, its good when I want something fast. But the main reason for my review on here today was to say HOW AMAZING the manager was at this location. 

I came in at lunch and it was VERY busy. There was a line to the door. There were some arguments about someone stealing a seat (unhappy customer, complaining because a seat was saved and they had waited in line, wanted to be comped because of it.... so dumb if you ask me. I mean just deal with it people! Its busy!) But the manager dealt with it so professionally, and when I was next in line he did not act rushed, he was very helpful, and told me that if I did not like what I ordered to just tell him and he would get me something new. I work in the restaurant business (a much higher priced place) and this manager was awesome! Good job man!
Love the food.
This location is in my 'hood so I'm always ordering take out on weekends. This place is packed the majority of the time but it's always worth the wait. My faves off the menu have to be the crispy pot stickers and the lettuce wraps I can make a meal off of those alone. The food is pretty consistent and extra points for having brown rice and being able to request that my chicken be steamed instead of breaded and fried. Though the wait time for take out orders can be a little long especially when I decided to order on New Years day, one of the employees gave everyone that was waiting to pick up their order a cup for a free drink! Though a little gesture that went a long way in my book!

I will be back soon, Pei Wei maybe next time I'll even dine in for a change :-)
This location, as all others I've been to, have friendly cashiers, long waits (since it's so popular and food is made fresh, not like Panda Express).  I love the lettuce wraps, soups, crab puffs, etc.
Yesterday was my first time at this restaurant.  I had never had lo mein before ( I thought it was similar to chow mein) and I was unpleasantly surprised.  Not the restaurants fault- I just really didn't like it.  When the manager noticed that I was picking at my food, he asked me if everything was ok.  I told him that I didn't like the noodles so he offered to change it out for me.  All of the people who worked there were very friendly and pleasant, but the manager was really on top of it and I have to give him credit for being observant!!  I wouldn't have went up to complain because I ordered it.  But I wasn't going to eat it and I was kind of surprised at that kind of service! 
Way to go Pei Wei!!
The staff at this location was very friendly but I was not impressed by the food. It was too salty and lacking in other flavors. It may have been the dish I had because I have heard good things from others. However, I'm not tempted to try it again.
If you go Veggie, pick a dish where the Tofu is fried in the wok, not steamed. So much better.
I do love Chinese food, and for such a big city I find that Phoenix (or at least Scottsdale) lacks in options, either because they aren't the most welcoming of places, or simply because there aren't that many (compared to sushi restaurants for example. I've been to this location maybe 3 times since moving to Phoenix (8 years ago) and must say that I usually go because a friend as a "Pei Wei" craving. I found the food to be ok, but I'm typically one who doesn't like spicy food as I find it takes away instead of enhances the flavor. I wasn't too hungry and decided to take the chicken fried rice. I have to say that my favorite chicken fried rice is the one from Tottie's in Scottsdale that not only is delicious but always gives me left overs for lunch the next day. Portion was ok though the fried rice was a little sweet and the person I was dining with had the chicken lettuce wrap which wasn't too bad either. Service was disappointing as our food took about 10 minutes to come, but I must say the staff was helpful when I was asked where to get takeaway boxes as well as a takeaway cup. I'd give it 4 stars if after a handful of experiences I had Pei-Wei on my "must have" list but with Pita Jungle, Sack's , Subway, Rubio's, etc. nearby, the competition for "fast casual" is stiff and Pei Wei just doesn't cut it for me unless I really had a craving for Asian food that day.
The hubby said he wanted PeiWei for his father's day lunch. So PeiWei it was. I order the pad thai and j orders the mongolian steak. J loved his dish.  My pad thai was seriously underseasoned. So I reordered the honey sear chicken, which was awesome!! 

On non food note - this place is bathroom baby friendly with a changing station. And as a new mom, that's a necessity in my book.
Step between Asian fast food and something a little nicer, and for that it's okay. The teriyaki sauce is too salty for my taste, but the caramel chicken and Thai dynamite chicken are both pretty good. The crab wontons always seem to be cold and not at all crispy by the time I get them, but the hot and sour soup has a good level of flavor. I tend to get takeout from here as opposed to eating in the restaurant, and it's always ready on time.
I love the pad Thai!
Chef cooking in the open facility. Mostly noodles. Pad Thai noodles, beef. A most desirable appetite for the hungry man. Couldn't take this to heart.
I cannot believe I've not reviewed this place.  Maybe it's because after eating their sloppy, over-cooked noodles and sugary fast-food combinations, I always feel a bit queasy.  Kids seem to love it for some reason, and all the Chinese places in the neighborhood are Americanized versions of real Chinese food. Don't even get me started on that swill they call "Hot and Sour Soup"  It is neither hot nor sour and it's consistency is the only relation to soup.

Pei Wei is convenient and satisfies the kids, but I typically pass on it because it simply holds no appeal for me.  So, I guess in that respect, they fill a need for when you don't want to cook for your hungry teenager.  

The other day, while feeding my kids there, one of the cooks got up on the wok table and started scrubbing the backsplash.  It's nice to see they like to be clean, but is it appropriate for that heavy cleaning to go on when you have customers in the dining room - and other cooks still cooking stuff?

Okay, well, on second thought, I can believe I've not reviewed this place.  On a positive note, service is great.
This Pei Wei is consistently good, and this particular location has always been good to me. For a quick meal this is about as good as it gets. Pei Wei is a step above any takeout type Chinese food place, but not quite 5-star restaurant quality. To me, it's about a 4 out of a possible 4 for the type of restaurant they are. The quality is always good, the service is quick, they listen/care, and they'll let you adjust any meal to how you want it...exactly what I expect from any restaurant, but I'm always shocked how many don't do those basic things. The management team here has been excellent as well. If they screw something up, they've offered to give it to me for free, remake it, or just ask me what I want. They do all the basics right, and deliver a quality tasty product.
I don't consider myself a connoisseur of Asian cuisine, especially streamlined Asian-American cuisine that's one step above fast food, but I will say this. The caramel chicken takeout dish comes with a separate small container for the vegetable slaw that goes on top. There is absolutely no excuse for a piece of broken eggshell the size of a thumbnail finding its way into the slaw container. Not to mention there was raw egg goop still attached to it. This has been one of several issues I've recently had with this location's food and service. The previous two times, the pad thai I ordered contained NO tofu whatsoever, when I know that's part of the Pei Wei pad thai recipe, having ordered the exact same dish at other, more competent locations. As if to add insult to injury, when I called and spoke to the manager about the aforementioned eggshell incident, he claimed over the phone that he would refund what I paid for that meal and that the money would go back onto my credit card. Guess what never happened. And... Guess who's never going back to this sucktastic poophole ever again. Thanks a lot for your disgusting food preparation and deceitful management. If someone from Pei Wei company corporate is reading this, please do yourself and your customers a favor and FIRE the manager running this joint.
I feel bad that I haven't written this review sooner...the manager really deserves some recognition. 

I have celiac which requires me to order gluten free food. Pei Wei provides quality gluten free options and though the gf menu is rather small, I'm always satisfied. 

A couple months ago, my little sister and I decided to call ahead to get take out. When we arrived we were told it would be about 10 minutes.
I'm perfectly used to waiting longer for gluten free food. I understand that it takes a couple minutes longer because the cooks have to change their gloves, change pots and pans to prevent cross contamination ect ect. So we waited maybe a minute or two over ten minutes and I really couldn't have cared less. However the manager was so very apologetic for the delay explaining that they had to remake mine because it got contaminated. Hey I'm perfectly willing to wait a couple extra minutes to not get poisoned!! I told him everything was fine and he proceeded to give me a $10 gift card just for the short delay. I didn't even make a peep about waiting and yet he made it clear that he cared and we were important and that means a lot! 
I wish I had asked his name but I didn't :( so if you ever read this sir, thank you! 

And about the food...yeah it's awesome. I love the sweet and sour combo (chicken and shrimp) on white rice or the spicy chicken!
I used to be a huge Pei Wei fan, but the past few times we've gone there--especially last time-- I've been EXTREMELY disappointed. 
I go to Pei Wei for the spring rolls and the chicken lettuce wraps. We usually order for lunch, so their lunch combos were always great because they came with an eggroll or spring roll. But recently they've changed their menu so I ended up with Pei Wei Spicy Beef combo which, per usual, had chewy meat, not enough sauce and too much rice. I also ordered the Thai lettuce wraps and let me just say STAY AWAY FROM THESE! It was such a confusion of flavors.. it was tangy and there was the hint of cilantro and mint... MINT! Gross! My boss took one bite and almost puked, he's a bit picky so I tried it and almost puked as well. We also ordered the Steak Lettuce wrap which was gross too. Super disappointing. 
This place is way too pricy and now that they've essentially eliminated the ONLY thing I like there... they can close up shop as far as I'm concerned.
I'd prolly eat here again if it was thee LAST place open and McDonald's has exploded. But for now, if I never eat here again, it'll be too soon.
Compared to other Pei Wei locations across the valley, this location is by far the worst. 

I've gotten takeout for lunch about five times, and each time has been worse than the last. Even after two of my coworkers ended up with violent food poisoning after eating the food here, it took finding an EGGSHELL with bits of raw egg in my Caramel Chicken to realize that something was seriously wrong with this joint. Not only was the food extraordinarily disgusting, as an added bonus, it contains pieces of kitchen garbage. 

When I called the manager to complain, he offered me a refund to my credit card over the phone, which never actually happened. 

Thanks for the lies. Thanks for the disgusting food. And thanks for asking Yelp to take down my previous review.
I used to like Pei Wei but something about their meat tastes different.  It does not taste right.  I tried it a few more times but haven't been back since and will definitely steer clear.  I told a manager right away and he made a new plate, but the new meat tasted just as strange.  I told him and the sweet fellow apologized although it was out of his control.  

 I hope this is not another case of quality suffering because of quantity.  Is it easier to buy from sloppy, poorly regulated slaughter houses and inject meat pieces with filler - creating a mystery meat that the masses will most likely still enjoy as long as there's a distracting sauce or glaze?
I like this in comparison to PF Changs.  Each dish is $5-$7 bucks cheaper and its set up like a take out or eat in.  Fast service and really good food.   Some of our favs are the Vietnamese chicken salad which is like an egg roll in rice paper.  If you have never tried them check it out.  Also love the Chicken Pad Thai and pretty much everything else they have for that matter.
I ordered some food to-go and my order wasn't right so I came back. The manager, alex I believe,was very understanding about the fact that I was upset about having to come back so he compensated for my time. This experience wont keep me from coming back. The food was good as usual
My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross
The food is great. We always order online and take out. They are quick and always have the food ready on time. This particular location is in a nice area. Just be careful getting through the dangerous parking lot. It's crazy!
I really like this Pei Wei. We always order online and then pick up the food at the restaurant. The take-out process is fast and easy and the staff are nice and friendly. The food is DELICIOUS! I have never actually eaten in the restaurant but it looks very clean and spacious.
Ate here the other nite. Have eaten here many times in the past.  What can i say. Service is always top notch. And i know theres some healthy food with the vegetables and brown rice. Its just its very borning to me. Im vegetarian and They leave much to be desirered for a vegetarian. Yes you can get your meal made with veggies and no meat, but thats it. Theirs really no plates made especially for vegetarians. In their defense i will say the veggies are always crispy and not over cooked.  The down side is they dont give you many vegetables. Its such a small portion of vegetables You'll go away hungry. and if you ask for extra veggies they charge a dollar and some times the increased portion is really just the normal portion. pei wei is a  ok as a good go to stand bye restaurant. i  only wish they had more choices for vegetarians and gave better portions especially when it comes to vegetables. I also dont understand why they dont have Indian food or tiebetan food or Kashmir food. Its Called  an Asian Fusion restaurtant and They dont include India, Tiebet, Kashmir  as Asian food. Is not India part of Asia. 

I defintely recommend Pei Wei. the prices are reasonable and although for me its a bit boring. its a nice place to get a decent meal in a clean friendly atmosphere.
Tasty Asian American style  food. I go there about 4 times a week. The food is always hot and fresh. Clean restaurant, not too pricey and Friendly employees,,, Deserves not less than 5 stars!
manager Veronica delivers the best service. I ordered a dish that was too salty and she was courteous all the way and made sure I got a different dish. Thank you for the excellent service!
The food quality is hot and cold, sometimes it's great sometimes mediocre.  It seems to be best eating in.  The soda machine is the coke product machine where you have 85000 choices so that's nice.  They have updated the menu sizing and offering some new items.  My biggest pet peeve there is often you receive your appetizer and entree at the same time.  For 2 people it could look like 2 pigs at a trough lol.  They are getting better at it though.  Best place for Kung Pao
Gosh, I'm embarrassed to say I eat here. But Pei Wei, is a predictable, safe and tame alternative to figuring which Chinese take out places haven't violated any Maricopa County Health Dept. codes.  Amen on the more preferable wait vs. its monstrous cousin PF.  Personally, I dig the orange peel chicken and minced chicken lettuce wraps similar to the big cousin, but much prefer the more laid-back environs here.  Go Pei Wei.
This food is Americanized Chinese food-- not challenging, not different, and certainly not offensive to the American pallet. The food tends to be very salty (which Americans tend to like). It is dependable pedestrian food, the place is noisy, the parking lot crowded. 

There are better places to eat Chinese than any of the Pei Wei's in my opinion.
So disappointing.  I do not know what happened to this place... it has progressively gotten worse over time.  I ordered the Mongolian Beef with brown rice-- my very favorite and it didn't taste very good.  It was okay- but just not as good as usual.

The 2 star is for my dish and the zero stars are for my fiance's soppy noodle mess called Chicken lo mein--- ewwwwwwwwww!  I think Ramen noodles tasted better and cost only 11 cents.  They were so mooshy that they barely could stay on the fork-- really gross.  They were tasteless.  We threw it out.  


Pei Wei-- I miss the good times.
Really tasty, and a good variety on the menu. Food is served quickly and the place is always very clean. Love the crab cakes and spring rolls! I agree with the previous review about the parking lot, but you can't blame that on the restaurant really.
Hmmmmm..... Chinese? I think not. If you are expecting a great meal, go elsewhere. Pei Wei is a good not so fast version of fast food. It isn't fine dining, but it certainly serves a purpose. I'll always pick Pei Wei over a fast food burger, and how anyone can go to Panda Express when this is a couple blocks away is beyond me. Pei Wei is also a bit overpriced for what it is. 

For a long time before the airlines went insane over carry on, i used to bring a Pei Wei kids meal as my personal upgrade. It's small, well packed, and used to make the other passengers jealous. 

I don't go to Pei Wei so much anymore. Long lines and inadequate service keep me from venturing in their door on any whim. I will order ahead and pick up. They rarely get my order right, but whatever i get usually tastes pretty good. I just never go with the expectation that I will get my correct order.
Menu is smaller than other Pei Wei's. I wanted pad thai, not available. Also more expensive. Won't be going back to this location.
Stopped for dinner. Lettuce Wraps are amazing.. Crab Ragoons could use some more cream cheese.. overall not a bad meal.
Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 06/02. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.
I was a little skeptical to go here because of reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered Mongolian beef, curry chicken and Szechuan green beans. It was all really good and reasonably priced!!  Loved the green beans!!
I've been eating Pei Wei for since 2002 when I worked there in college and have always been a fan, but a couple years back this location turned into a marketplace type setting, which really turned me off.  I think this was done for a lunch crowd and more appropriate vibe for lunch, but my take-away is smaller portions and higher prices.  Don't get me wrong, I still love Pei Wei, but I have to go to 44th and Indian School to get my fix since that location is true to the original concept from 2002.
I love Pei Wei, but I dislike this particular location. I went to eat dinner with my friend yesterday and the service was not very good. The guy at the register didn't seem to know what he was doing. He was trying to give me my change and was out of pennies. He asked his other two co-workers what he should do ad they didn't seem to know either. I told him don't worry about it because it seemed as if I would be standing there for ages waiting for pennies. We sat down and ate and when we were finished we both had leftovers. Usually at other locations, the employees come and check on you and give you a box. This was not the case here. We sat for almost an hour and no one ever came. We were fine just talking there anyways, but when we were ready to go I went and grabbed my own containers from the counter. The employees were just hanging out at the register talking to each other. Poor service. I won't be back to this location again.
This is the first pizza place where I haven't eaten the pizza. My visits usually consist of the spring salad with their made-in-house dressing and either a sandwich or pasta. Every sandwich is excellent and filling no matter which you choose.

The atmosphere is excellent with sports on in the backround and this Nello's location has the friendliest wait staff out of all of them.
Ate here many, many months ago.  A favorite pizza place for Mom and me!!  She absolutely ADORES the spinach pie, while I enjoy it and many other varieties, including the Margherita and Alaskan (white sauce, seafood).  I really appreciate the fact that whole-wheat pizza crusts are available!  Wish more establishments would offer alternative options, such as whole-wheat and gluten-free for those w/ food allergies and issues...

If thin-crust pizzas rock your boat, like they do mine, then check out Nello's!
I love this place.  The pizzas are great, but their salads are my favorite.  I love the antipasto salad with their house made dressing.  I have eaten here more times than I can count and will keep coming back for more.
A darn good Pizza!

We've been here twice so far, through the recommendation of a friend. The location is not the greatest and you would never expect how great the quality of the pizza is. 

The first time I went there, I got two 7 inch pizza's, I'd say this is a personal pan pizza size. I got the Spinach Pie and the Santa Fe Chicken with Original Deep Dish Crust (they have a Thin Crust option as well). The Santa Fe Chicken was good, eventhough the chicken was a little dry. The Spinach Pie was AMAZING!!!! This is what a vegetarian pizza is suppose to taste like...pure awesomeness!

The second time, I got a 12 inch (enough for 2 people and/or left overs): half Pesto Bianco w/ chicken and half BBQ Chicken with Wheat Deep Dish Crust. The chicken yet again was dry, so I was noticing a team with the chicken. Luckily I don't judge a pizza place by it's chicken, so that bodes wel for Nello's. I can understand how chicken can dry out during the cooking process. As for the pizza itself, the BBQ was decent (it reminded me of a generic CPK BBQ chicken pizza) and the Pesto was pretty good. All in all, it was the wheat crust that sold us this time.

Thus far, I would recommend the Spinach Pie with Wheat Deep Dish Crust!
This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Their pizza is great! Their salads are packed full of the good stuff, with the best house dressing around. The staff are very friendly and my favorite part is you are asked what you want to drink right away and don't forget the glasses are HUGE! There is nothing worse in restaurants than small glasses and the impossibility of getting a refill!

I have ordered many different kinds of pizza from this Nellos and have yet to be disappointed. The buffalo chicken pizza is so tasty and they will give you extra buffalo sauce and ranch all you have to do is ask. They will make you pizza any way you like it and the wait is never that long. I am always able to keep my lunch at an hour, which of course makes my boss happy!

Don't forget the salads that come piled high with meat, cheese and tons of veggies, you never feel you paid too much for a salad once you dig in! Their dressing is pinkish orange and just superb! 

In a part of town that is lacking great places to eat lunch, I am glad Nello's is in my neighborhood!
This place is as good as I'd heard.  We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband.  She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.  Both were so delicious!  He also got some chicken wings which were tender and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two great sauces, ranch or marinara.  The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges.  I usually have no problem quitting after two slices but the  flavor squishing around in my mouth was so good I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place. 

The decor was pretty and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything.

 I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here.  


On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!

62010
I havebeen eating at Nello's proabably for 17 years or so and I have to say that I am a pizza fan and think that they have THE BEST CRUST I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!! Also their spinach salad is to die for...they make all of their own salad dressings and their pesto bianca pizza with sausage and mushrooms is my all time fav!!!!
This place has really good pizza but their "deep dish" is definitely not Chicago-style deep dish.

I really wanted Chicago-style (sauce on top) but wasn't disappointed by Nello's.  It's pretty inexpensive and actually good.  The crust is also really yum.  I got the Murphy's and loved the bacon and onion combo... Bacon strips on pizza are difficult to eat but totally worth it.  

Definitely give Nello's a try but know it's not Chicago-style.
Best buffalo chicken wing pizza and awesome service!
Great pizza. The also just started making their own pasta. The house salad dressing is just about the best thing there. I use it to dip my pizza in.
Nello's is great, I've eaten pizza from all over the country and can honestly say this is great pizza. We usually go there for Pizza every sunday afternoon. They claim Chicago style, the thick wheat crust emulates that. The quality of ingredients are amazing, I usually order a Chicken-Bacon-Pepperoni combo, which is always awesome. My wife always gets their Turkey-Avocado sub with extra house dressing. The house dressing is amazing and worth pouring all over a sandwich or salad.

Every one of there locations has a nice midwestern pizzeria feel, growing up outside Detroit, one thing I miss is an old-school pizzeria. The bonus is that they carry local brew from Four Peaks on tap and always stay seasonal, and for a "beer snob" like me that's worth giving 5-stars!
WOW! Can you imagine the stoke of luck when we moved in right behind Nello's? It took us a year to decide to try this place. I can't imagine life without Nello's. You have to try the bacon & mushroom deep dish. Or go crazy and get all meat! Feel the arteries clogggggg... seriously folks you can't go wrong. They have a faithful following who show up every Friday and Saturday night so go early or go late so you can get a table!  Also try the canollis!
Always love coming to this location. Good service. Great pizza. I'm  crust lover and everything I've tried is great. I'm definitely a fan of the sausage there. I'm quite the pizza lover and there are a lot of let downs in the valley. This one has never let me down! Thank you Nellos
I finally made it to Nello's and am so happy I did.  Laura A. called and said she was craving pizza and since I'm the pizza addict anytime this rare occasion happens I am down in a heartbeat to go.  So since she lives in Mesa we decided to check out Nello's as the reviews were all top notch.  

Upon arrival we were greated and we said we were ordering a to go order so we were shown the to go window.  Brian greeted us there after giving us a brief minute to scope out the wonderful menu.  We decided to get two 10" pies to get a good trial run at this place.  He was very nice and gave us some ideas and we went with The Murphy which has strips of bacon and onions on it and I got a custom pie with sun dried tomato's, gouda cheese, and green peppers.  

When we got home we devoured both pies the sauce was great and we had one deep dish and one thin crust.  I preferred the deep dish but they both were great.  

I will for sure be back for more pizza and to try their sandwich's as they sounded very good as well.  The service was great everyone was very nice it felt like a great neighborhood restaurant.  I think that feeling at a lot of restaurants has been lost today so it was very nice.  

4.5/5
I'm usually picky when it comes to pizza.... Most nights $5 is good enough, lil ceasars, quick, cheap and edible,,

But then there's Nellos !! The best pizza i have ever eaten!! I have been in many a country, many a state, and nothing compares yet.. Pizza Bianco ,, naw,, not worth the wait,, 

I would recommend this to anyone, and if they didn't like it, i would pay their bill "for close friends who i personally know" don't think this is a free coupon to go there n try hit me up with a refund  hahahaha


The price is a little up there, but we go here for Kids bdays, good grades, special achievements, etc...
I absolutely love this pizza.  This is my comparison place when I try other places and I'm still saying Nello's is better.  I've never had a bad pizza here.  Their thin crust pizza is the best and they don't overdo the sauce, so you can still taste the bread of the pizza. Of course the staff is always friendly. Bonus part is being able to have a good red wine here with the pizza. Yum.
The wife and I took the kids here for Valentine's day.

Coming from Chicago, I'm a bit of a pizza snob. Chicago deep dish pizza is THE only way to go. It's a meal, you eat pizza with a fork and a knife. Not that paper plate crap. It's about the crust. That buttery flaky tasty goodness... mmm... I can feel my arteries clogging as I write. 

The reviews that I read, led me to believe that Nello's would be the place I've been searching for, since moving to AZ over 6 years ago. As their motto states, "In crust, we trust", so I took it as gold and I trusted their crust. Boy, was I disappointed. We got the heart shaped "Valentines Special", with their signature crust, half cheese and half pepperoni. 

Let me reiterate, I am a pizza snob and I have high expectations for great pizza. Sadly, this was just mediocre. It was pizza that I would get if I only had $5, was pulling an all nighter and needed a quick pizza. The crust was dried out. Not buttery. Not flakey. Not tasty. In fact, my kids and I didn't even finish the crust; which is my favorite part of a pizza.

The ambiance was great. The decor, lighting, bar and even the seating was comfy and inviting. The staff was excellent as well. So, as for what might bring me back, it's the staff.

In the end, it's an okay place. I'll probably come back sometime to give it another try. It really has potential and has received a ton of awards, so maybe I just caught an off night.
Food and service at Nellos is pretty good. Portions are a good size and the bread they give you to start the meal is delish!
Great pizza, AWESOME salads with their house dressing and as always, a fun and lively atmosphere.
The food here was really good.  We started off with the garlic bread covered in tomatos and mozzarella, which was tasty.  My wife and I split a salad with the house italian dressing, and it was huge!  We ended up splitting it with the whole table, and it was fantastic.  I guess the dressing really makes a difference, because I'm usually not that enamored of salads!  I had the murphy pizza, which was very good.
I've always liked Nellos. My boyfriend loves it so it's always been one of those places we go to regularly. The service is always good. My favorite is their BBQ chicken pizza and the skinny. I occasionally treat myself to an Italian soda as well which are also really tasty. Just recently I went there after one of my art shows with a group of people. I called ahead to let them know we were coming and when we got there the table was set up and ready to go. The service was good, we made it easy by ordering pitchers of beer and a few large pizzas. The server did a great job by getting the dirty plates off our table when we were finished. We wanted to sit and drink more, and I personally can't stand it when dirty plates just sit there. We ended up ordering a few more pitchers and staying longer. All in all it was a pleasant evening. I'll be suggesting this place for it's great pizza, good service, and It's good accommodations for bigger parties.
Exxxxxcellent pizza (had the spinach pie with wheat crust) and delish beer (Four Peaks!)  Service was perfect (left us to talk but was attentive when needed.)  Would definitely recommend for casual pizza & beer night!
Everybody claims to know great pizza when they taste it. I'm no exception. Born and raised in New York, I've had the opportunity to try some really great pizza. And I've eaten pizza all over the country and even in Italy. 

Okay. Now that you know I'm an expert... Nello's serves up some really great pizza. I had a "mini" size with pepperoni, jalapeno, and anchovies. Perfectly done! Great flavor (although you might wonder how with anchovies). They have got really great pizza sauce as well. 

All I had was the pizza, so can't speak to other dishes they offer. But I heard no complaints from those around me, and the food I saw looked attractive and appetizing. Nello's has a very good staff (read attentive, quick, and friendly). I hate to say "you can't go wrong". But Nello's seems to be a great choice no matter how you slice it.
I used to love Nello's can't wait to try GF!  It's hard to find
My husband and I love Nello's pizza! Not only is the pizza wonderful but well, I'm a big salad person. I love the fact that you can actually take home the salad dressing you had eatten that night on your salad. Everytime we go there I always pick up a bottle of their house salad dressing- it's so good! 

I just wish they would deliever- if they did deliever all the other pizza places we use would go to waysid and mind you, in this house we are very picky about pizza.
The Strawberry fields salad is soooo good. The service is amazing. The ambiance is romantic on a cool night out on the patio. I can't say enough about this place!
I have been eating at this Nello's location for the last 15 years. The pizzas here are awesome and always piping hot. The owner Brian is friendly and willing to make your experience better if it is lacking which it never is at this Nello's. They make the salads fresh to order and the house dressing is SO good! it is even good to dip the crust of your pizza in! I have had every pizza on the menu. I have had the pizza in thin crust and deep dish. Either way you prefer the crust is tasty. I like too that they offer a wheat crust for those of us that are trying to avoid the bleached flour. NELLO'S YOU ROCK! Keep up the good work Brian!
I don't get it.  To be fair, I've only had their pizza, while eatable, I would never go back. Its definitely a huge jump up from the Domino's & Pizza Huts but not even close to a Spinato's Pizza (my favorite) or a Casanova Brothers Pizza, as far as chains go, I think NYPD is much better than this.  I know I'm in the minority here & I love pizza but just not Nello's.
Maybe I just don't get it, but I really don't think this is the greatest pizza in the world. Not even top 5. It's good stuff and I support local businesses so I'd visit again, but it's not my top choice.
Nello's you never do me wrong. Your pizza is tasty, your Italian Beef is delicious, your appetizers are on target; I only wish I could say something about dessert, but I'm always too full to try! 

Maybe next time!
Me and my husband LOVE LOVE Nello's! We have been going for years and it is by far our favorite place to go for a night out!
The house dressing is an absolute must especially on the Old World Classic Salad. Bottles are available for purchase & I believe a dollar off is given for bringing the bottle back for refills. Servers are young and hip, my daughter used to say she wanted her first job to be here! Try the spinach pie, you won't be sorry.
Awesome Aweome Awesome !!!!

We do not do pizza night often but every now and then we do and I suggested Nellos since I have driven past it several times as in the neighborhood and I'm always into finding new spots by the house. We check out the menu online and I am in LOVE with all of their ingredient choices! I'm a woman of variety and Nellos has it. We ordered 3 small pizzas and created two of our own and also tried the Bianca pesto Pizza as well. Everything was absolutely heavenly!!! The thin crust what eggplant/artichoke one we created was my fav.... you will never get eggplant at Pizza Hut people but Nellos is def worth the splurge! I picked up our pizzas about 25 minutes later and when I arrived pizza was ready and I was in and out in no time to get back to our Sunday evening of Guitar Hero. Cute spot inside and we well def be back to check out the bar and try out happy hour!
My daughter said it all when she said, "There  are no words to describe this pizza!"  We ordered a garden salad, which fed our family of 4.  The house dressing was awesome!  We then Had the buffalo wing pizza.  It was so flavorful, and the crust was amazing!  Good selection of beers!  We will return!
This is one of the good Nello's!  Good service and usually packed with local Mesa and Chandler townie families, baby chairs included.  They serve Grolsch in the bottle which is rare.  Always decent and never quiet.  We love it for eating in or take out.
Nello's is our favorite neighborhood pizza place, hands down.  It's a family owned restaurant, been open for 20+ years, and the quality is outstanding on every menu item.  Our favorite is the Garden Salad with the house dressing, and a pizza that is not on the menu -- we call it the Rich Ihle special -- BBQ chicken, pineapple and jalepenos.  Ask for the whole wheat crust; it's the best.  We also like the lasagna, the eggplant parmesan, the wings (ask for them to be double baked), and all the other pizzas on the menu.    You can't go wrong with Nello's.
went back and hung out at the bar and enjoyed some craft beer while waiting for pizzas we ordered to take home. I absolutely love Nellos even more than my first encounter. The people here are super friendly and there are a lot of regulars. They just make you feel so welcome. Tried the eggplant brochette while we waited for our custom ordered pizzas and the brushetta is ummm how can i explain it..great? Marvelous, splendid? Superfreakingdelish? yup superfreakingdelish works..
I would just like to thank Jennifer from the Hotel for telling me about Arizona's take on Chicago style deep dish... This place was very good and I left full and thinking I should not have this pizza memory when it is so hot out... ;) It's 32 degrees in Chicago not a balmy 78.... Ehhh Whatever the pizza still rocked.


"The Good"
- The staff... our waiter played to the table and was able to feel comfortable and crack a few jokes and recommend a few beers... all of which were great calls. The best was when the meat laden pizza arrived and was introduced as the veggie pizza... our side of the table immediately object and told him it was the guys at the other end but when it landed on the table it was a beautiful sight :).
- Great beers on draft including a few local favorites that escape me at the moment... ask the wait staff, they know which ones move.
-Service was great for a busy Saturday night speed-wise as well. We were not waiting that long and the pizza arrived in two beers time.
- The pizza... Its really good. The kind of good that as I am writing this my mouth is watering remembering how delicious it was. I'm a fan...


"The Meh"
- Nothing really meh to comment on...


"The Bad"
- The fact I did not get a chance to try the Italian Beef ... but man did that look good as well.
Dear Nello's, 

I love you. You may think I am moving too fast as I just met you last week, but I have never been so sure of my emotions. Every bite filled me with happiness. Each slice of your pizza was a flavorful perfection. I love how you give me the choice of getting a wheat crust. There are so many flavors I want to try. The spinach pie will always remind me of our first encounter though. Your pizzas are affordable and amazing. One of the best I have ever had in my life. You beat pizza in Italy. Sorry Italy.
All I had was a pepperoni and pineapple pizza and hands down it was the best pizza I have ever had in the Phoenix area.   The crust was light and just flat out tasted amazing.  I wish it was closer to me in Queen Creek.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  The whole group loved their pizza too.  Agreed it was some of the best they have had in the area.
BEST PIZZA: 5 Stars all the way!  Nello's famous motto; " In Crust We Trust!" forever holds true!  This is the BEST deep dish Chicago pizza in the Valley of the Sun bar none! 

My sister originally found Nello's over 28 years ago (some of their original customers) when it was a one or two table small outfit located in a single wide strip mall store front at McClintock and Southern.  We loved the Numero - Uno with gourmet sausage and mushrooms ever since! Telling hundreds of people over the years how good the place was has caused them to grow into a doublewide store then triplewide and now currently four or five valley locations!  We make it a point to bring every one of our guests here and they never leave dissappointed. 

What makes Nello's soooooo good has to be the crust and sauce! We make it a point to ask for a side of the pizza sauce to dip our crusts in total enjoyment.  Make sure to start with a Mozzarella Platter for an appetizer while waiting for the pie to arrive!

My favorite after the #1 is the Alaskan King seafood pizza with white sauce w/ mushies, green peppers and fresh tomatoes. Sometimes I special order the Numero Uno with the Alaskan Crab extra if you enjoy the red sauce more - Delicious!

Our kids love the Hawaiian topped with loads of mozz, ham and a generous portion of pineapple chunks. 

Where else can you order up an Enchilada Pizza??  Southwestern red sauce topped with tender grilled chicken, black olives, onions and green chiles sour cream and guacamole.  Mmmm SPICEY!

Deluxe Combo can't be beat fully loaded, or try the Skinny: Homemade sausage, pepperoni, salami, meatballs, and bacon! That is the Pie of all Pies! 

For side drinks, my wife from South Africa loves to get a picher of Guava Juice to soak in a flavor from home and this is a great place to take kids or buddies for a game on the many TVs.

The Murphy with bacon and onions or what used to be known as the Popeye: Fresh Spinach, garlic, mushies, tomatoes, olive oil, mozz and feta cheese. The list goes on from BBQ Chicken to the Buffalo Wing Pizza that packs a punch!! 

What more can I say?? I'm gettin' hungry writing this FIVE star review! Go and see why they have won the New Times Best of Phoenix some 10 or 15 years!

PS: A little tip if you order 4 pizzas ya get da 5th one FREE :)) Stock up and put 'em in your fridge.  Also check out my review for the Aloha Kitchen next door to Nello's as it is the best Hawaiian food in PHX....Cheers!!
Wow, I'm impressed! Years ago the past owner was one of my patients & we visited Nello's every so often & ALWAYS enjoyed it, but I lost touch with it.... I will not do that again! We stopped by on a fluke today because my husband was in the mood for pizza & there is no doubt about it - Nello's delivers! (no pun intended) I have known the food is great but today we received Superb service from our bartender Nick! From the moment we sat down it was like he was reading our minds... No questions asked just AWESOME customer service! Definitely want to mention since we are beer fans, that they have a nice selection on tap & you can't beat the price. Great Happy Hour Prices on Pitchers! My hiatus is over & we will definitely be back! Oh and they have a fantastic Napkin Artist - that's right I said Napkin Artist! Go check it out - it's pretty cool! Thanks Nello's (& Nick)!
They accommodated our big group in the separate dining area to the right of the arcade once you first enter. My friends have raved bout this joint and wanted to try it out. Upon entering the place, you would think it's one of the smaller chain restaurants with greasy pizza (barros). But the food actually surprised me here. 

Got the old world salad which was filled with all kinds of goodies like feta cheese, olives, red onioin, peppercinis, roasted peppers, cucumber, etc. I think the best part of the salad was their tomato house dressing which is phenomenal. It has a tangy balsamic taste to it which is awesome with any salad I would imagine. Maybe even dip ur pizza in it.

Next time I gotta try some of their pizzas though and I will report back!
It's a really good pizza place. I don't have anything to compare it too, cause this place is close to home, has the best reviews, and fulfills all my expectations - so it's the only pizzeria I've been to since coming to AZ (way to retain your customers Nello's :) 

I can't comment on service, because I always pick up, but the person by the counter is always very respectful and nice. 

I really like their original thick crust pizzas - I had spinach pie pizza (EXCELLENT), BBQ chicken pizza (it was OK) and the margarita pizza (simple but tasty). 

Overall, this is definately a place to try if you haven't been :)
Reminiscent of Midwest pizza. Liking both the thin and thick crust and the Italian Beef sandwich is very nice! I also am a fan of the Kiltlifter beer they have on tap. Comfortable place to meet friends and have a couple brewskis!
I am from Chicago and have only found places I like.  Hadn't tried Nellos and heard it was good, so my wife and I went there today for lunch.  We had their thin crust deluxe.  Was disappointed.  It was very thin, but crust was not airy, like I am used to.  And being from Chicago, I like my Italian Sausage, not pepperoni.  The sausage was bland and was almost freeze dried.  No flavor, not moist.  It crumbled.  Very disappointed.  Sorry.
Great deep dish pizza, great salads. Deep dish always hits the spot.
The Good:  Great, friendly service with a smile and laid back atmosphere.

The Bad:  The crust was not all that I thought it would be. Instead of being dense and buttery, it was really light and fluffy. Not what I was expecting from a deep dish crust. Normally eating 1 or 2 slices of Chicago deep dish is enough to make you throw in the towel but I ate 4 slices and ehh, not so much stuffed. The sauce was awesome however.

The Ugly:  Spinach on pizza was undercooked and slimy. Probably just a fluke this time but still off-putting. If you are looking to listen to loud tv's and drink, go to Native New Yorker. Several people found this out the hard way that they can't turn the volume up louder after ordering 5 pitchers of beer, only to give it away for free to people sitting behind them so they could leave for Native.
Consistent, delicious and fresh. My all-time favorite pizza place as of now and lucky it's so close to my house. Found this place on accident from google and decided to try it, but an unforgettable experience.. I just keep coming back, trying the Numero Uno, Deluxe Combo, Murphy, Spinach Pie, and Buffalo Wing pizza. Pizza is usually cut crooked, some pieces way bigger than others, but I think it gives it some character. All ingredients are customizable, flavorful and not greasy. Nello's kicks ass.
Great, friendly service. This was our first time here. We had the combo deep dish pizza. It was really good. Loaded with fresh veggies & ingredients. Good beer selections and TV's if you're looking to catch a college or pro game.
Great pizza with great salads!
How can this place have nearly five stars?  The atmosphere is fine if you're looking for a casual, family friendly kind of restaurant.  The service was fast and cordial, but the pizza left so much to be desired.  We ordered two pizzas.  One was a thin crust "Deluxe Combo" (pictured) which was passable, but nothing to write home about.  The other was a "Pesto Bianca" with chicken added (pictured) which I almost sent back --- and I never send food back.  The crust was burnt to a non-edible char; my teeth literally could not bite into it.  The chicken (which I paid extra to have!!!) was dry beyond belief.  It had a texture that made me think it was day-old chicken tossed onto a grill to merely reheat was had previously been overdone.  I was surprised that someone in the back-of-house allowed this pizza to leave the kitchen.
First of all, a bowl of iceberg lettuce with an unripe tomato and 4 massive carrot shavings does not qualify as a dinner salad. This pizza we ordered was mediocre. The sauce was far too sweet and everything else was just 'meh.' The service in general was lackluster. The restaurant wasn't very busy at all with just a handful of customers, yet our waitress managed to bypass our table numerous times before collecting the check.
Lots of different options and good pizza too! Our server was a little off, but mayeb she was just having a weird day.
Came in on a busy day, and thought to sit at the 2 Tables between the bar and the order pick up window... 

I did not realize this means no service area, as all waiters n even the hostess didnt look at us, or ask us if we could be helped,,, Maybe they assumed we were waiting for a pickup order... 

Well thats about 60 buck that walked out the door.. Hope that gets communicated so someone is responsible for those 2 tables.. I went for lunch one day with my friend and we had to kind of be rude to get service there,, thought it would be addressed after that, but i guess not...
I want to be able to give Nello's 3.5 stars. 

Great:
I love the attentive service, the REALLY great beer selection (wine too) and portion sizes. Family run joint, that you have to stop into if you live in The Valley. You just do.

Meh:
I can't say I am overwhelmed by the food, it's standard fair - Done right. But I am fairly underwhelmed.

Overall:
The restaurant is cozy and has that "easy going" family atmosphere. I do appreciate Nello's for staying in business all these years. It has a great nostalgia for a lot of us on the East Side.
Yummy Pizza!!
Awesome pizza and great service. Super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here! Don't forget to try the grilled wings!
Good place to go for some cheap pizza and beer.
Best pizza you will ever eat!
Nellos is consistently good and I have been going for over 20 years.  Love their Garden Salad with the house dressing.  Keep up the great work!
Here is my detailed review:

I went here for my birthday with my wife after reading the great reviews of this place.  It was a Friday night, so the place was packed.  Be that as it may, the wait was reasonable (20-25 minutes).  The place was buzzing and it got me really excited about the food.  I waited with bated breath to get a taste of the food that all of these people were getting so hyped up about.  The anticipation was mounting heavily, not only because of the buzz, but because I have failed to find a place in the area that makes a half-way decent pizza.  Maybe, I thought, just maybe, I've finally found the place.

We get seated, waitress comes over, I order a Guinness and me and the wifey order an app which consisted of mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, basil, bread, pepperoncini peppers, and some oil to dip it all in.  It was decent.  The bread was extremely heavy on the rosemary.  It wasn't out of this world, but I couldn't complain all that much.

For entrees,   me and my wife both ordered 10" thin crust pizzas.  I ended up getting a buffalo chicken pizza and she got a deluxe pizza.  The first thing that I noticed when the pizzas came was that, whomever cut it, either had a sense of humor, didn't care, or just didn't know how to cut a pizza.  

Normally, when you get a pizza, the pizza is cut into 8, triangular sections.  However, Nello's fails to provide its customers with this modern convenience, instead opting to cut the thin crust pizza more like a flat bread, but in random, strange angles.  What this ends up creating is shear frustration as now, in order to not make a mess, I must dissect my pizza like some sort of stupid jigsaw puzzle.  If I wanted to solve a jigsaw puzzle, I would've bought one.  But all I wanted was a slice of pizza.

And do you think that it was worth all the hassle?  Of course not.  My wife's pizza was under seasoned.  Indeed, upon its creation there was n'er a salt shaker in sight.  The buffalo chicken pizza, on the other hand, was the exact opposite and I mean this to the utmost extreme as it tasted as if the "chef" dumped an entire salt shaker on the thing.  It tasted horrible.

On top of this, the crust was far from crispy.  When you order a thin crust pizza, you expect the crust to be crispy.  However, in our case, it was not crispy largely because the pizza was under cooked.  Normally, you're looking for the pizza to have a golden brown bottom when cooked.  The bottom of this pizza was pure white, which says to me that either the "chef" in the back doesn't know what he/she is doing, or doesn't even care.

So, I thought that, maybe, they just can't cook a thin crust pizza.  Their normal crust appeared, at first glance, to be more along the lines of a "Chicago style" crust.  So, out of curiosities sake, I ordered a large, pepperoni pizza to go.

I took it home, and of course the box was chock full of packs of crushed red pepper flake, a topping that I've never heard of going on top of a pizza in my entire life until I moved to Arizona.  In fact, I've never even heard the two in the same sentence before.  Needless to say, I discarded those.

Now, in case you've never had a "Chicago style" pizza before, let me inform you of how it is supposed to be.  It's a deep dish style pizza with a thick, chewy crust, and is loaded with toppings.  A good "Chicago style" pizza can even be eaten with a fork and knife because it's more like a pie then anything else.  A beautiful, tomato, cheese, and meat pie.

What I got here was far from that.  Again, the pizza was underdone.  There was hardly any cheese on it, the crust was more like white bread than pizza crust (are they even using pizza dough?  There is a difference between pizza dough and bread dough - pizza dough contains more gluten than normal bread dough).  It had absolutely no flavor at all as, again, it was under seasoned.  I mean, I guess that I can't blame them there - things like garlic, basil, and salt (especially salt!) are pretty dang exotic.

I think that what disturbs me even more than my experience with this place is how vehemently people defend this place and how insistent they are that this place serves good pizza.  What, are you people paid to write these reviews or something?  If you truly think that this place serves a good pizza, then frankly, you have no clue as to what a pizza is.  In fact, you don't have any clue as to what something even closely resembling a pizza is.  I truly pity you all.

And for those of you that are insistent on the fact that the place is good because it makes good salads - come on.  How hard is it to make and dress a salad?  Their salad dressing is good, you say?  Yeah, it's really hard to mix up red wine vinegar with extra virgin olive oil, some salt, pepper, garlic, and oregano, isn't it?  Phew, I'm breaking a sweat just thinking about it.
Normally, I'd give Nello's a better rating, but with the combination of a bad meal and even worse customer service bia phone, It's not.

I ordered a small pizza with a large salad for pickup.  Ticket says time of 4:52.  I ran to safeway just next to it to grab a pie and then proceeded to pick up my meal.  Now the charge came thru on my phone at the time of 5:22 so total time from phone order to pick up was a half hour.  By the time I got home (less than 5 minutes from the location) the pizza was so cold we could not eat it nor the bread that came with it.

I promptly called and asked for the Manager and was given Jason.  I explained our situation and was promptly told that it had been sitting there an hour, when by time proof it was 1/2 hour total time, call in to pick up.  I did not call for anything but to give a heads up about our situation.  The call ended, no thank you for calling, nothing.  He just hung up on me.

Uniquely, Jason's name was on the receipt we have with the time stamp.

Although we have been going to Nello's since we moved down the road  over 2yrs ago, we will be driving farther into chandler to Floridino's due to the poor customer service we received today.  If the customer service from the "manager" on duty was better I may have given Nello's another chance, but it won't get my $$$ now.

Mark Linkfield
Chandler AZ
Great place. Traditional pizza joint. This place has been here forever and I know why. Quality food, great beer and great service.  I would recommend the pumpkin porter.  Jessica was our server and she was great.
One of the best pizzas in the valley. Especially if you are looking for a thin crust pizza.  The half baked cookie Sunday is also to die for.
I love Nello's pizza.  I have been a fan of Nello's since the 90's.  The pizza is always hot and cooked, ingredients are fresh and the options are plentiul.  They have local beers on tap, including my favor - 4 peaks peach ale!!  I would recommend trying out their deluxe combo or the pizza bianca with sun dried tomato, mushroom and sausage with a side of marinara. You will always get quality when you go to Nello's and you can expect that get great pizza everytime.  

Top food recommendations:

Pizza Crust with Cheese
Garlic bread with tomatoes and cheese

Old world classic salad

Deluxe combo
Pizza Bianca
Pesto Bianca
Skinny


And a cold beer from the draft to go with it, you can't ask for anything more!
Chicago style pizza with GREAT crust!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Love Nello's... Been going there since the late 80s/early 90s.  Crusts and sauce are a great appetizer or an inexpensive meal.  Deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage is fantastic.  Try the house dressing.  It's a local establishment with a small business feel.  Just remember closed on Mondays.
LOVE Nello's. We've been here about a zillion times, not sure how I haven't reviewed it yet. Love the thin-crust pizza, and their salads are awesome. Consistently great service. Place is always packed and has a ton of regulars - a good sign of a good joint. I've also had the deep dish pizza and it's great too. Also have tried a few pasta dishes, and have never been disappointed. Can get pretty noisy on a busy Friday night, as the acoustics aren't great and if you mix in a few screaming rug rats, it can get loud. But I consider it part of the ambience of a family-type joint. Highly recommended!
My wife and I was looking for somewhere to eat dinner when I mentioned we had not been to nello's in several years.  We decided to give it a make it our place for dinner.  We arrived just in time because our wait was only 15 min and shortly after we were seated the wait time jumped to 40 min.  We go our drinks and ordered promptly.  I had the eggplant parmigan and my wife had the old world salad.  Now I have to mention we both had the half orders and still brought food home.  The eggplant parmigan and the salad were both excellent.  The sauce was not to acidly and the pasta was cooked just right.  We had forgotten about this little gem and will try to make it for dinner more often?
Not sure how anyone can really enjoy deep dish pizza...waaaaaayyyyyyy too much crust to eat.  It's kind of like eating a loaf of bread.  

Their thin crust pizza is serviceable.
Love Nellos pizza. We don't have it that often but when we do it's usually on celebrations. The cheese is so good and fresh. I do not care to much how the pizza is cut oddly? We love the Hawaiian pizza. I wish they could deliver, but we are never upset with the flavor and seasonings.
As usual, my experience at Nello's was a great one!  If your a fan of deep dish, this is the place to go in AZ.   I've been a frequent visitor over the last 20 years, and as usual,  they did not disappoint.  

First, Its great to see that they have Four Peaks on tap, I had a Hop Knot IPA.  My wife and I then ordered the 1/2 Spring Salad with the both the House Balsamic Vinaigrette AND the regular House, since they are both  some of our favorite dressings from anywhere.  Then we ordered the Eggplant Brochette for an appetizer, the first time trying that item.  The Brochette had plenty of cheese and eggplant, but it had a soggy feel to it, almost as if the bread hadn't been toasted enough, and gave it more of a cheese bread taste and texture.  

Then I had the 10in Skinny, which was the shinning star of the night.  It had every meat on the menu, and the cheese was piled on heavy.  The bacon was thick and cut into quarter strips, sausage had a great flavor, and their sauce and always thick and soft deep dish crust was excellent.  Truly one of the best deep dish pizza's i've had.

Our waiter Zach was extremity efficient and nice,  The place was packed, but he didn't seem fazed by it at all and he gave us great service the whole night.  We will defiantly be back soon.
We have been going to Nellos for years. Last night the hubby and I went for date night.  We started off with the Eggplant "brushetta" .  The toppings were heavy and the bread soggy. While tasty it was definitely NOT brushetta worthy.  Rename it to Eggplant Cheesy Bread and then you will get what you expect.  We also ordered the Spring salad with the house Balsamic. It was delicious!!  Nellos makes the best house dressing and this was equally as yummy as the original. We each order our own pizza. Hubby loved his pan crust Skinny. I being a creature of habit ordered what I ALWAYS get, the thin crust wheat spinach pie.  Here is why I only gave three stars... I think they must have a new chef. The pizza was soggy and I had to get a magnify glass out to find any feta... Oh no!! The main ingredient I was craving!  :( I voiced my complaint to our very attentive and friendly waiter Zach.  He had them make another. I requested it To Go  as by then hubby had finished his meal. Unfortunately the second pizza was the same as the first.  I will probably go back because the salads are just so wonderful but unfortunately my favorite pizza is no longer an option I will take a risk on again.  So disappointed after craving it all day!
I love Nello's! Pizza, sandwiches, or wings you won't be disappointed. The wait staff is prompt and personable, and the food is always top notch. Drinks come in giant cups so there is no slow down while you're enjoying your deep dish. This is a great destination for a lunch break.
I have been going to this Nello's since I moved to the valley. 

I have tried pretty much very pie they make and they are all delicious ! But I absolutely love their deluxe combo on thin or original deep dish. They even have gluten free crust!

Great pasta dishes that are large enough to share. I love their homemade Italian sausage. The salads are enough to feed a small army and their homemade house dressing is a must.

Great friendly service, at a great price!
Get the "fat free skinny pizza" it is a carnivores dream. You will not be sorry. My friends ordered the "kilt lifter" beer and loved it.
Wow, amazing pizza. Saw this on check please and came for the chicago style. My wife and I had that and the thin crust also. I have to say we like both but I have to give the nod to the thin crust. It was bbq. The other was the skinny. The bbq thin was so great, especially when dipped in ranch, which my wife introduced me to today. This place is awesome. Really fast and efficient service. The ice tea is good. The is place is lively. We came at 4pm on Sat and it filed up by 5pm. We will be back soon!
I have been going to this place since I was a kid. This is hands down the best deep dish pizza in the valley! "Food so good make you want to slap yo mama!" 

If you like bbq chicken pizza, Nellos has the best there is!
Probably the best pizza I've had. I've never dined in the restaurant, but we order from here for work all the time and it's delicious!!! If you're looking for a tasty fair priced pizza visit this location. The staff is always friendly too when we pick up our order :)
Delicious and love the gluten free option. I went with a friend for lunch last Wednesday, we got a gluten free deluxe, thin crust deluxe, and pizza we created using a variety of toppings. All of the pizzas were amazing! The server was attentive and very nice. 

When I told another co-worker about how delicious my pizzas were, she told me it's been a long since she ordered  a pizza there because she loves the salads so much she forget to order a pizza.

Tonight, we phoned in a to go order. The person that answered was very friendly and confirmed my order with me before ending the call. My husband is one his way to pick up a world salad and two gluten free pizzas :) We definitely recommend you give them a try.
This is our fave family spot: dine-in and take-out! The service, the food and the friggin crust keeps us coming back over all these years. We can't tell you much about the menu bc we always get the Deluxe Chicago style pizza with the ever-so-amazing Garden Salad (add turkey & ham) with their house dressing that is to die for!
This is hands down the best pizza in the southwest. Nice crust with amazing sauce. Best pizza from cheese pizza to loaded Chicago style pizza. When you step in you are visiting chi-town. With the cubs, bears, bulls and Blackhawks memorabilia! Best pizza in town. Renember to go to the one in MESA.
PIZZA HEAVEN

My favorite is to get a pepperoni and sausage.  They make their sausage there, and it's delicately seasoned.  The sauce has a good amount of garlic in it, and herbs, and it is wonderful beyond words.  Best deep dish pizza I've ever had.
We ordered a meatball sub,   a sausage sub and a deep dish pizza. Very nice sauce on the subs and meatballs and their house made sausage is quite nice. The pizza is just so so. Not bad but also did not rock my world. Very friendly staff.
Affordable eatery and the food tastes pretty good too. Changs Spicy Chicken is pretty good though the Hot and Sour soup could go easy on the sodium. Dimly lit interior fits in with the whole vibe and style of cuisine. Pretty friendly waiting staff and the service is above average. Lots of drinks to choose from. PF Changs is a nice establishment to venture to every few months.
The staff is always polite and friendly and are quick to fix any problems you might have.  The portion sizes are great if you want to do family style dining, or get something just for yourself and have plenty left over for lunch the next day.  Not a place you want to go if you are looking for a quite night out, but otherwise the atmosphere is romantic enough to take a date to on a Friday night (just be sure to make reservations!) .  Personal favorites are Chang's Spicy Shrimp and the Banana Egg Rolls.
I'm not going to judge you for eating at PF Changs, after all, I did eat at Pei Wei two nights ago-thus the 2 stars, not just one. However, I did wake up the next morning with the shits.. maybe I oughta rethink that extra star!
3.5 Stars!

I have always liked P.F. Chang's. 

The food is delicious.  The appetizers from their famous lettuce wraps to their salt & pepper calamari.

Nicely lit - dim yet, easy on the eyes - brings comfort to a very loud place.  Not a romantic place.  More on a good place to eat out once in a while with a fun group of friends and family - and I now have my parents doing take out on occasion.

They are good to hook you in and make you want to go back.

They should think about opening up one in SOMA here in SF.  They would have my business.  Otherwise, trekking out to the one in Emeryville isn't so bad - but, it seems so far across the bay bridge... hehehe (san francisco joke).
I really love PF Changs.  They offer lots of vegetarian options (even lettuce wraps - YUM).  I went there the other night with a large party for someone's birthday.  We had reservations and the place was slow, so we sat right away.

The waitress was very prompt and attentive, even though we could all tell that she was a little worried about having a large party.  

We hardly waited at all for our dinners - which were a combination of vegetarian and meated dinners.  

I had the Ma Po Tofu.  It was so good - and when I went home and looked up the fattiness thereof, it is a reasonable and healthful choice!  How exciting and refreshing is that?

I will definitely go back to PF's.  (and it's little sister Pei Wei.)  Yum!
PF chang does not serve real Chinese food, they serve American Chinese food. It is different thing. Typically American Chinese food does not require a lot of skill to do it. Unlike authentic Chinese cuisine which requires a lot of skill and time to cook. 
The problem is PF chang does not even know how to cook a simple dish. I have had the worst roast duck in PF Chang, house special pork rib was aweful. I don't understand how they can screw up such simple dish. My wife and I can make better dish than them. Price is way too expensive. I can easily find a bundle of Chinese restaurant better than PF Chang around Phoenix area. Sigh
I have had hit or miss experiences here.  Many good ones but the last one was so bad I will NEVER go back.  I ordered the crispy tofu with brocolli.  It had very little sauce, the tofu was so uncrispy and the brocolli was not cooked at all... not al dente but HARD.  Then within 20 minutes of leaving I was sick as could be.

When I complained about my food they took it back to the kitchen and I swear brought the exact same food back to me.
What the heck happened to PF Changs?  They used to be one of the best Chinese food places around!  Wife and I went there a few weeks ago and both vow to never return.  Her food had zero spice mine had double...had to send it back...after a 30+ minute wait on it the first time then another 15 the second.
Good lettuce wraps, lots of selection, attentive service. Overall a good place
Whenever I go here I feel like everyone knows a secret about this place that I don't. The food isn't Asian in any meaningful sense, and it isn't particularly good in general. So why is it packed out and the dishes so relatively expensive?
I just had the new Lemongrass Prawn, which was pretty good as far as that goes, but not even remotely Chinese. The fake Asian decorations are more annoying to me than anything, and the dim ambience is destroyed by the TVs playing at the bar since they can be seen from just about every table in the restaurant. The general pretense of classiness was ruined for me when I went to the bathroom only to find spanish profanities written all over the stall.
Someone in my party was served the wrong dish, and it took a while for us to get the right one. We were mistakenly given an appetizer which we had not ordered. Clearly, the serving system is incapable of handling a full restaurant. I also saw people being moved to different tables to make way for other, larger parties. I understand the business sense, but that's a completely classless move. Our server was very friendly, but rushed us out as soon as we were done eating.
Bland food, poor service, long waits, and high prices? I'll pass.
Don't go aggro on me, Chain haters! Yeah, I like P.F. Changs. Deal with it in a constructive and mature manner.

So I go here last night with my wife and son.  I didn't have to wait, for I called in earlier and got on the list (smart thinkin' bro!).  We all meet up and walk into the joint.  Oh, and exterior decorators... My son LOVED the ginormous horse outside, BTW thx!  We get a table and order.  I can't recall what my wife ordered.  Some sort of garlic shrimp plate with snow peas... It was worth a nom. My dish, however was the full triple nom. Double Pan Fried Noodles. Freaking amazing.  It tasted like the Kung Pao Chicken had rolled around on a bed of noodles so FAST that it cooked them to a delightful crisp and then left its tasty juices behind on its bed. Nom Nom Nom.

We also order Crispy Green Beans for my son, but we ended up eating most of them ourselves. Sorry Conor :( but they were too good to pass up!!!! Tempura coated green beans lightly cooked and served with a spicy ranch style dipping sauce.  It was equally delish!

Not to mention our waiter was on key that night.  He stopped by a few times and filled our mango ice teas and even bagged us up some extra sauce for the beans. Score!

Overall, it was a memorable night with my beautiful fam... good freakin times, yo
I have been to PF Changs before, but not to this specific location.  I dined here on Sunday night, and it was a pleasure as always.  We were seated right away, and the place is pretty big and well laid out.  Had a decent crowd for a Sunday night, and our service was great!  you can actually see this location from the road, making it easy to find, and parking was a breeze.

I ordered the Sweet and sour chicken.  I forgot what my date ordered, but both dishes were good.  I upgraded this time, and got the fried rice...with shrimp!

Food came out in a decent amount of time.  Server was smart, friendly, and did not make us feel rushed.  My serving of shrimp fried rice was HUGE!  Did I also mention that it was tasty?  Sweet and sour chicken was done just right, and it was tasty!

I would definately return here, and was happy with my experience at this PF Changs location.
We go to PF Changs at least once every couple of months. I have never been disappointed by their food. Their orange peel shrimp is the bomb. We like it extra spicy. You can ask for white and brown rice. The black pepper prawns served with the mustard sauce are amazing but are best eaten fresh right over there. They get all soggy if you do takeout. Have you ever eaten their desserts? Try the Great Wall of Chocolate. It is huge. One order is good for like 6 people. Or if you are a chocolate lover like me...maybe good for just one. Giggles...

The service is sometimes not up to par but eventually it all works out. Lately it hasn't been that busy when we go, even on weekends but it is always good to call about half an hour before you get there on weekend nights because you never know how long the wait is going to be.
Usually a great experience here! I used to work for P.F. Chang's in California as a waitress, and I'd say that we have great service 99% of the time we dine here. 

I can almost swear that the little things that have changed are starting to annoy me. The proportions must have shrunk 30% in size (check out their new serverware, they're not fully round anymore, they more assymetrial and odd-shaped, to give the guest a more "full" visual affect that they haven't cut down in portions). But they have. They have switched to the cheap, off-white, plastic chopsticks, (they used to be dark brown or black). I think they have decided to cut back on costs by doing these things..but then their prices are higher now? That doesn't make any sense. How is it $6 for 2 spring rolls? 

Other than the price gouge and portion's continually shrinking, the taste of the food is amazing. Yes, it is not real Chinese food. Duh. I'm Chinese. lol. But it sure beats walking into a hole-in-the-wall chinese restraunt with bright florescent lighting, awful music, and pink table clothes. You know what I'm talkin' about. Authentic Chinese food cannot be beat. Hands down. But P.F. Chang takes the cake for interior design, not necessarily the food.
My husband and I had lunch here yesterday. The food was delicious, they also have a nice wine selection....and our waitress was perfect. Would definitely eat here again.
I love PF Changs. I have never had really great service in Tempe but the location in Chandler always has terrific service. Large menu, lots of yummy and different things to choose from. The staff seem to enjoy themselves a lot. I heard one waiter telling his table that he has been with the company since 2001. Their egg drop soup is so good and you can eat off the lunch bowl menu during the day and your entree comes with the soup. We had the egg rolls today and our waitress prepared a sauce at our table-medium and it was amazing! The drinks and desserts are really good too. You can go here for a special occasion or just lunch. Most likely the manager will pop over to make sure everything is ok-and most likely, it will be!!
I was shopping at the mall, and I got hungry
So I thought about my choices, and decided to try out PF Chang's.

I haven't eaten PF Chang's in like... 10 years.

I ordered their lettuce wraps, and man o man, I loved them!
I could eat them every day.

So yeah, that's all.

I did like that when I told the server of my peanut allergy, she totally took it seriously and had the kitchen use separate pots and pans for my food.  I'm such a princess.

:)
This place was what i was looking for!
it has a pretty good size menu
i had the Dali Chicken (very very very spicy)
service is very good
I have to tell you that as many times as I've been here in different locations and eating different dishes I've never been dissapointed! This time around after eating burgers, ribs, cups and cups of beer at the Phoenix Open and Chick Fil A I was in the mood for something healthy. I had that ginger salmon cuz I wanted something healthy and I was craving fish, lobster or oysters settled on fish and I gotta tell you it was something special. I wasn't really all that hungry because of all the appitizers I was munching on but at the end of the meal the plate was empty.

Changs needs no introduction. They're good at what they do and everything else just kinda falls into place.
Yes, I am a fan of Pf Changs. I love coming here and when I do, never disappointed. Despite the harsh critics out there claiming it's not "real" asian food, well have you actually had real asian food? I like to consider this asian food with an american flare. Who cares, as long as it's good, I don't care who cooks it! This place is fun to go to, I enjoy the ambiance of it, I enjoy their mixed drinks and I really enjoy their food. Oh and if you haven't had the calamari, the best!!
I just want to say thank you to the Management and staff, especially Amy for their fantastic service and wonderful meal.

Let me explain how wonderful they were...we took our 87 year old grandmother out to eat.  She loves the egg-drop soup and lettuce wraps.  When she picks the lunch spot, PF Changs is her place of choice! As we walked to the door pushing the wheel-chair, Amy, who turned out to be our waitress, politely opened the door and helped us to our table.  She was patient with our order and pampered us the entire time.  Amy cheerfully completed all our requests and even went overboard.

The food was well prepared, great portion sizes and straight from the kitchen to our table in amazing time!  Yes we enjoyed grandma's favorites as well as a couple of ours!

When it was time to leave, as if Amy hadn't bee fantastic already, she boxed our leftovers and spoiled grandma with several extra fortune cookies, just to make sure she got a good fortune.  Then she suggested we use the side entrance from the patio, which gave us a straight shot to the handicap parking spots and kept grandma out of the sun.

We really enjoy the food from Changs, but Amy really made our visit!  Thanks Amy, for everything!
Best service I've ever gotten at a PF Changs. I love when a waitress actually takes the time to talk to us about something besides what we want to drink and eat. Ours did just that and made us laugh. The food was the same as always, but her animation regarding our mutual guilty pleasure, Project Runway, made the lunch memorable. Cheers to that.
Went again last night as a Moms Night Out with a group of 7 friends- I did not pick the restaurant.

I ordered a tofu and vegetables in a coconut curry sauce.  YUM!  Hot sake for $4.50 was huge and a draft Kirin beer.  Total bill with tax and tip was $23.
I generally don't write reviews about chains that I rarely visit, but sometime rely on when I in a pinch while travelling... but this was just to classic to not share for posterity... 

Sit down at the bar (you know travelling by myself) - looked like the right spot with appropriate elbow room for Me, Myself, and I, but lo and behold picked the spot with the dark mushroom on the counter, and the sticky hidden mess where I put my rental car keys.

Nice enough waitress/bartendress offers me a drink, I get a slightly chilled (54 degress perhaps) Malbec, which was good.  Ordered my peculiar dish (the only reason I ever come to this chain) - stock velvet Kung Pao with loads of veggies added to make it almost healthy (minus the heartache inducing sodium levels).  Figured it would be all normal like it usually is in a chain like this....  consistency for the sake of authenticity and the fact that Chandler is almost devoid of good cuisine.

First dish out - fast.  No veggies, they send it back... back in 5 minutes, chicken is not stock velvet, I didn't notice at first... waitress did, plates sent back... 10 minutes later.... food now in front of me to consume.  No problem, I can handle two screw ups, I will be gone soon from this place.  However my journey has just begun.... 

Young manager comes by, says sorry I talked to the "chef" and chucks a free appetizer card at me.  Good only for Chandler...  I let the waitress know later in a nice manner that they can keep it, because I don't live here.  She says oh, let me get you something else.  Then ensues some discussion with suave young manager and older manager..  older manager comes by and tells me that being that I didn't order an appetizer I couldn't redeem the appetizer card.  He repeats this twice because I couldn't fathom that he would be saying that the card that they just gave me, which I didn't want, I was now in trouble for trying to use???  He finally understands my confusion... and says, oh I will be back.

He comes back with a appetizer card I could use anywhere in the world!!! Yippeeee!!  And then he gives me his card in case I have trouble getting a table when I want to use the appetizer card back home - because he opened all the restaurants up there.  Trouble getting a table at PF Changs?????? !

I left going holy mother of cows, then I saw the UFOs over Phoenix and realized I was in the Twilight zone.
Sad and disgusted I will never come here again...

I went for the first time to Pf Changs last night with the suspicion that I shouldn't because I hardly ever eat at chains because they are generally overpriced, over-hyped and have poor quality of food while trying to pretend that it is so hip. Boy was I ever right and this just goes to tell you that you should always listen to that little voice in the back of your head instead of the louder one in your stomach. Instead of going to a noodle house where everything is made fresh my partner and I opted to come here because it was in the parking lot of the mall where we were and he was ravenous. 

Decor is nice et cetera, et cetera, and I ordered a glass of Malbec and some spring rolls. When the rolls arrived, they looked like they came out of the freezer bag and the sauce tasted like it did too. Not only that, but they did not even taste as good as the freezer rolls do lol. Completely void of taste and the only highlight was the arrival of my slightly chilled Malbec.

I ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef. His arrived looking fine, nothing extraordinary and mine arrived looking like someone had gone out and purchased one of those Yakisoba noodle packs and just plopped it into a white plate. It didn't come with any rice and the lame oil and pepper trio they tout wasn't very good. The broccoli was undercooked and it was completely void of flavor. I was so pissed off that for a small ass portion which sucks by the way, they charge you $9 which you could get somewhere else at a mom and pop operation for about a buck less and it tastes so much better.

Good service but that's not enough to save their lackluster food, maybe just this one in Chandler sucks. Either way, I don't really want to find out.
I've been to this place a couple of times, mainly for team lunches, so I thought I'd review it this time.  When you walk in, you get that classy Asian vibe.   It's fairly upscale looking.  But the first thing I noticed was how few Chinese people there are.  I think I was the only one.  

We had the chicken lettuce wrap for the appetizer. The chicken was not as tender as some other lettuce wraps I've had, and the soysauce may have overpowered the taste of the chicken.  But it was edible.  I tried one of the lunch bowls: pepper steak.  It said it should by spicy, but I couldn't feel the spice.  The beef was cooked well, but they ODed on the sauce making it too salty.  

I thought the dessert shooters were really cute.  It's a good portion for those who want to have some desserts but not overstuff ourselves after a heavy main course.  The tiramisu shooter isn't as good.  But then it's not expected to have a tiramisu flavor in a Chinese oriented place.  It tastes more like a tiramisu cake instead of the traditional soft and creamy tiramisu I'm used to at an Italian restaurant.

What I do like about the restaurant is the different tea flavors you can choose from.  And they bring it out for you in a traditional Chinese/Japanese like teapot to set the Asian mood.  It's a good alternative for a tea house. 

Pf Chang's is good to have food for the people who like the Chinese-American fusion.  It may be a good place to start if you're scared of "real" Chinese food.  It's not a good place for authentic Chinese food.  And the price is more than I would pay for average tasting lunch.
I have not been to this place in forever and I will tell ya why. Because Pei Wei exist! It is the sister company of PF Changs so alot of the dishes are the same, in fact, I think they taste better at Pei Wei. In addition, its way cheaper and you get alot more then what they give you at Changs, Although its walk up and order and get your own drinks, utensils, etc, they bring your food to you. There is no tip necessary which saves ya $. Its just better all the way around. 
Now I am not completely knocking Changs. Their food is very good. I especially enjoy the lettuce wraps and crab wontons (which I can get at Pei Wei), the orange beef (Pei wei has it also!), the Changs spicy chicken (only at Changs), and their lo mein (Different here then at Pei Wei). However, I feel like I have to order all of these things when I come here just to get full!!! That in turn comes out to over 80.00!
K to sum it up, this place is not bad, not good, simply ok in my opinion but I will probably never go here unless someone else insist on this and I cant talk them into Pei Wei. Haha
My mom, I swear. She can't get past wine in a box, Costco, or chain restaraunts. But anyway...This was where she took the fam for my brother's birthday this year, because he's into Chinese. Whether it actually was Chinese is debatable.

We started with the lettuce wraps,because that's what you do at PF Changs. Yeah, they were ok, a bit salty.

We got big plates of a bunch of different dishes. Nothing memorable. 

My dad sat with his beer and ate nothing, which really cracked me up. He hates Chinese food and there is not any American alternative to choose from. Occasionally we would hear him grunt in displeasure at the whole experience. 

Over-hyped, over-rated. 

My mother's take: This place is great! We should come here for your birthday Nesto. 

wow.
While my experience with P.F. Changs is usually based on their takeout, last night my mother-in-law and I had a rare evening together and chose to eat in the restaurant.  We arrived around 6:00 PM on Friday night, and the place was very crowded already - a large party of 35 was taking up much of the table space so nobody was going anywhere for a while.  Nevertheless, the greeting staff were all calm, polite and cheerful, and we put in our name, were told we'd wait about 35 minutes, and headed for the bar.

Our bartender was a hoot, and gave us terrific service while we stood behind other patrons at the bar.  When our table was called (35 minutes later, right on the button), we were seated and joined by our server Brianna.

Despite what clearly must have been a hectic evening for her, Brianna was calm, focused and made our experience terrific.  When our food arrived, she commented on how beautifully my Oolong-marinated sea bass had been cooked (and she was right).  She was just delightful.

A number of people checked in during our meal to make sure we were happy with everything, and the managing partner offered us his business card and suggested next time we could contact him directly and he might be able to seat us more quickly.

The only reason I can't give 5 stars is due to the noise level in the restaurant (which can't be helped given their layout).

The evening was great, the food was terrific, and Brianna was one of the best servers we've ever had.  We'll definitely be back.
We came in for lunch on tax day to receive the additional 15% off.  The promotion is definitely what brought us in.
Ordered the chicken chopped salad, beef and broccoli lunch, and the spring rolls.  Everything was excellent and came out quick.
If you like iced tea I would suggest ordering it because it's unsweetened and very good.
I am so very impressed!  having recently discovered an unfortunate gluten intolerance (boooooooooooo, especially due to a lifetime of carb-lover syndrome), I have to be more selective about where and what I eat.  lame.  anyway, my girlfriend and I dined at P.F. Chang's last night, and we were greeted by a terrific host (who was terrifically funky), and had a terrific server who was very attentive to our needs AND new all about the gluten-free items on the menu, down to the sauces!!!  she even brought me out a special sauce.  Chang's offers a GLUTEN-FREE menu on the back - this is so awesome!!!  I cannot tell you how much I appreciated that.  And, the selection is widespread, so you're not limited to a few things with this setback.  I had the Fried Rice with Shrimp, and it was delicious, and definitely affordable.  The ambience is really nice, the drink menu looks interesting (though a little pricey), and there is plenty of seating

Because I spent a great deal of my younger life in the service industry, I fully appreciate having great service, because I was a great server - and this means a lot to the customer!  You can tell that P.F. Chang's really emphasizes the value of service.  Kudos!!  Will definitely be back, and will definitely recommend!
Background:  I have wanted to try this restaurant since they 1st opened, and the rumor of their prohibitivly expensive food is what kept me away for this long.  Since it was Father's Day, and one of my daughters wanted to help defray the unethically high cost, I agreed to finally try.

Service:  Friendly, warm, and usually nonexistent.  There were 4 times out of 10 table visits where the waitress was unexplainably missing for over 15 minutes.  It took us over 110 minutes to get out of this restaurant-- we just kept waiting for the server.  I can also say that whenever she did arrive, she had a plastered-on smile, a soothing voice, and pretended to be attentive to our every need.  It's tough have a good family experience with her kind of ungenuine performance.

Price:  Unnecessarily expensive, and horribly overpriced.  Food from Pei-Wei (at cheaper prices) is easily comparable to these dishes.  Most of the entrees were $15-25, so this can only be a family restaurant for special occasions.  They will easily miss the entire market of routine family meals, because of their ridiculously high prices.  Please stop creating restaurants with price lists like this.

Taste:  The food was wonderful, and exactly what I'd expected.  I also would expect a 10-out-of-10 taste of food for this kind of money.  The portions were enough for a 2nd meal later, so this part was A-OK.

In summary, we won't be back.  My 1st impression when we sat down was that it sounded as loud as a cafeteria.  The concrete floors must have echoed the sound of all the diners clinking their silverware and talking needlessly loud in the dining room.

We will archive this visit in the family history and refer to it as, "...remember the time we went to P.F. Changs?".  I've enjoyed Wolfgang Puck's shows, advice, and attitude, but the prices are too prohibitive for any type of return trip.  I'm kind of stunned that they would pin their future hopes of success on the hope that another 1st time visitor will keep this restaurant going.
P.F. Changs used to be the place to go for unique and flavorful Asian/ American cuisine. Not anymore! 
Over time this groundbreaking restaurant chain has slowly declined. 
It is sad because it WAS a great place to eat. Now corporate cutbacks and shortcuts along with the  gradual substitution of cheaper sauces and meats have rendered this eatery a mere shadow of its former self. 
We tolerated it for sometime but most recently it became intolerable.
Coincidentally the boys upstairs have released a frozen for supermarket consumers version of the recipes. It is marketed under the P.F. Changs name.              Frozen food!..Yuck. I might as well stay in, save money and put in a Marie Calendars or P.F. Changs TV dinner.
 
Did you not see  The movie "Ratatouille"?
This is the kiss of death.
We went to P. F. Chang's last night and I was really impressed with their service and of course the food. When we walked in, it was obvious there was a wait. We were pretty hungry and almost left, but the two hostesses working were just so sweet that we decided to wait it out anyways (which turned out to only be around 10 minutes). One of them even checked on us a couple of times and told us that there was only one person in front of us and we were next. Such a sweetheart. Our server was Claire and she was just as sweet! Usually when restaurants are busy, you can tell the servers are stressed out and they tend to kind of rush you to make a decision, but she was the exact opposite. We ended up deciding on the chicken lettuce wraps and split the Mongolian Beef. NOM! It was so good. I wish we had leftovers because I can't stop thinking about the deliciousness that was P. F. Changs! The manager, Mike, is a very very nice man, too which I think must rub off on all of his employees. Great food and amazing service. I have NOTHING to complain about!
Four stars for service, comfy chairs and classy surroundings. Two stars for the food. 

Chinese food has always been about inexpensive tasty food with some different flavors. PF Chang's is the antithesis of this: moderately good food at an expensive price. It probably costs so much because of the huge horse statues out front--I mean, really? 

We were with a group and joined them late, but waiters whisked over to the table, brought us menus and drinks, and got us some rice right away. They quickly took our order and rushed it to the kitchen. We were eating in maybe 20 minutes. Considering that it was a very crowded Saturday night, that was very impressive. The servers were helpful with suggestions and very friendly. The kitchen was fast. 

What I liked about the food was they came up with a little unusual and creative ideas: my wife ordered a lamb dish and they put some cilantro in it; not a classic Chinese ingredient but a good use of local flavor. I also liked that the kitchen was able to substitute shrimp for pork in my dish, although not on the menu. 

What I didn't like was that my Mu Shu vegetables seemed overcooked without that much flavor, and the pancakes started toughening up at the end. By comparison, an independent Chinese restaurant in Phoenix made this dish with fresh-tasting vegetables with more flavor, and the pancakes were so delicate they practically melted in your mouth. 

This place is okay for a larger group, and in this area, but for value and food quality, I would go elsewhere.
P.F. Chang's offers a nice selection of vegetarian fare that I have been consuming since my switch to vegetarianism last year. Its been good for my family as well since they all eat meat. My husband and I can get what we like, they can get what they like, everyone leaves happy.

My favorite dishes are the vegetarian lettuce wraps and the spicy eggplant. My husband prefers the ma po tofu and the vegetable curry. We also like to get take out. Did you know that you can order those little mini deserts to go? Ya, I found that out a few weeks back and ordered four of them. They are pretty good. 

Beware though, P.F. Chang's food is extremely high in sodium. So if you have high blood pressure or something, you should probably eat somewhere else. Otherwise you might die. But for those of you who don't care about your sodium intake, they have a warrior card you can sign up for online and get 10% off every time you eat here. You even get emails sometimes with 20% off coupons.
The typical chain restaurant. This is to Chinese what Olive Garden is to Italian. Except that Olive Garden is a better value for money. Ambience and service are very good. Food is okay. I wouldn't particularly recommend it for vegetarians.
Yummy American Chinese food! Hunan Fish, Sichuan Scallop, shrimp with garlic sauce... U name it! And they serve Samuel Adams beer on draft as well as lots of other standard bar drinks, which is rare for a Chinese restaurant.
As for dessert, they've got carrot cake, key lime pie etc.

The service here is really good too. 

Now I totally see why PF Chang is running so successfully because of its finely culturally adjusted business model.
Have you ever eaten Chinese food?  Real chinese food?  Trust me, it's not like this--this is decadent, greasy, rich American food with Chinese names.

Ma Po Tofu is not supposed to be crunchy outside, soft inside, and sweet/sour.  But here it is!

Also, don't ever order a coctail or drink not on their menu.  I got an unlayered B-52 in a brandy glass.  More like a Yak-2.
Ok,......for a chain. I try to support local business as much as possible. Pricey, good for a date night I guess.
I love PF Chang's.  I realized I hadn't written a review of the location closest to me after my hubby and I had dinner there tonight.  The food was as good as always - the great thing about this chain is their consistency.  This particular location has great service, too.  The only bad thing is that there can be a long wait and it is usually packed due to the proximity to the mall.
Okay, this is another instance where I officially state that I don't often go to chain restaurants and then go home and rate them a 4-Star only because most of my experience are usually 3-Stars.  Also, I'd like to clarify that I am giving this rating based on service and not necessarily on food, though the food was on par and as expected.

We had a great time at PF Changs today... only reason we went here was because my sis was craving "chinese".  Anyway, our server J was awesome and so was the manager (with whom we had a lengthy, funny, conversation about burgers, of all things).  The food was as expected but I was mostly impressed w/ our server who, when I told him in a joking manner that I might start gnawing on his arm because I was so hungry, he said, "give me a sec" and ran back to the kitchen and had them whip up our meal pronto.  It came out quickly and everything except the Buddha's feast was exactly as ordered.

Our server was not a fake friendly guy, he was just real though friendly, funny, and quick.  He didn't do any of that annoying interrupting stuff (I hate that, esp when you're in a deep conversation with someone and they interrupt you to ask if you want water.. yes, it's empty 'cuz I've been suckin' it down so please go for it) and walked by often enough so that if we needed something, we could grab him easily.

My martini (Dragon something or other) was pretty good, though a bit too sweet for my taste to order again.  My eggplant was really good (then again I was really hungry).  But like I said, our server was great and provided the kind of service that makes you want to come back because it's rare to find.  Yeah.. I know, I wasn't expecting that at all.

Also, they had a decently sized Gluten Free offerings for those with Gluten allergies - that's great to find!
The black pepper chicken and lettuce wraps are perfection.
Food is always great here. Not a bad spot for a lunch special quick stop either.
Good food as always!!  The waiter talked a bit too much. I like to talk to my wife during dinner, not the waiter.
I came here involutarily with a group of 10 for a family birthday celebration. Not my side of the family, of course, but it's one of the sacrafices you make when you get married.

To psych myself up, I got there early to catch the tail end of happy hour. I was decently impressed with the black tea gimlet. It was served in a coupe glass, and the St. Germain made it sweet and smooth.

I ordered the Buddah's Feast steamed because I didn't want to deal with the usual 5 pounds of water weight gain that comes from consuming quadruple the RDA of sodium in one meal. 

When our food was brought out, there was lots of confusion. The two servers started auctioning off our food, yelling down the table. One of the meals was wrong, and three other entrees came in its place. My entree was no where to be seen. I'm surprised they dropped the ball so badly. I thought part of the reason you eat at a souless, corporate grubateria was to experience a well-oiled machine that is able to execute orders correctly and efficiently. Splitting the checks was also a bumpy, drawn out experience.

Hopefully, I won't have to come here again.
**Carry-Out Review**

I really do enjoy the food from P.F. Changs, so imagine my delight when I received a couple free gift cards. Not having time to dine-in, I opted for carry-out at this location closest to my gf's house. 

Pro's: 
-Courteous and efficient staff on the phone. They cut right to the chase, offered me the typical add-ons and gave me a time frame to arrive.
-Delicious food! We ordered chicken lettuce wraps (never disappoints), cashew almond chicken (large chunks of chicken and tasty sauce), beef with broccoli (my personal fav).

Con's: 
-Tardiness. I showed up on the later end of the arrival range and waited 10-15 more minutes.
-Busy waiting area. The carry-out cashier is the bartender and there's not really a great place to sit or even stand if the bar is full. There is a small seating area but it's directly adjacent to diners, so rather awkward ("hey, mind if I steal an eggroll since I'm practically at your table")
-The broccoli beef leaked all over the bottom of the bag. Unfortunate.

Bonus points:
-I was offered water a number of times. Mostly because I was standing in the way of the kitchen, but it was still nice of them to ask.
-Very nice staff who apologized for my wait.

Bottom line:
Unless you absolutely need to do carry-out, this P.F. Chang's China Bistro is really set up to give you a wonderful in-house dining experience. Gift cards or not, take them up on that!
I came here for dinner with a bunch of friends. There were eight of us on a busy Thursday night. We got sat right away with our reservation. The food was a axing as always. I highly recommend the hot fish! And our server (forgive me for not remembering his name) was probably the service I have ever gotten! He was very quick and precise. He took care of us with our drinks and refilled when needed. Bagged our food for us and even kept up on clearing the table with our empty dishes. Again the best service I have got in a very long time! Thank you for a wonderful evening with my friends!
Went here with my new family for Chinese New Years.  Sat next to the kids and once they had their rice they seemed happy.  It was late and they were tired.  

There were 12 of us including the kids so I think we tried most everything.  Ok not everything but we had fish, shrimp, beef, chicken, fried rice, veggies and of course some yummy drinks.  Dessert was fortune cookies.  Mine said better luck next cookie. LOL!
I haven't eaten here in a while but for some reason it sounded good so we dropped in for some grub last night. Wait time was 20-30 minutes and after 45 we finally found ourselves a table. They must have been understaffed, unusual for a restaurant on a Friday night, because there was plenty of tables available  & no one was getting seated. Not really sure why other people were sat before us when they arrived after us but who knows how the greeters really handle things.

Since we had plenty of time to study the menu ordering our food was handled promptly. The waitress was wonderful & quick to provide service. It took a while for the food to arrive so we had another bit of a wait. 

Food wise-it was great, appetizers, egg drop soup & our dishes came out great & we enjoyed the meal.
I like to think of Chang's are the Area 51 of Asian dining.
Mainly because the executive chef is constantly changing the menu, and whenever this happens, my favorite dishes become conspicuously absent from the menu.
Until you ask the server for your menu-absent favorite.

"Oh we still serve it...its just not on the menu anymore."

Why is this, I wonder?

Apparently, there was room on the menu for the shellfish disclaimer.
And the peanut allergy disclaimer.
And the gluten intolerance warning.
And how we should notify our server if anyone in our party has a food allergy.

Oh, and I almost forgot, the undercooked meats warning....the one about how they may increase my chances of a foodborn illness.

I imagine a conversation between Chang's lawyers and the executive chef...it goes like this:

Legal team:

    "We're afraid we're going to need about six inches on the bottom of the menu 
      for all the legal disclaimers."

Executive chef:

      "I suppose I could pare down the menu if need be."

Legal team:

      "Yeah, well start by losing the spicy eggplant with ground chicken....no one eats
        that shit, and get rid of that weird salmon dish too." 

Chef: 

        "Why yes, I believe I can get rid of those and a few more while I'm at it."


I'm afraid there will be a day when the menu has no  food items on it any longer, supplanted by a dining contract, replete with fine print, indemnification sections, and hold harmless clauses. 

The world's getting weirder by the moment.

In the meantime, if you like eggplant, they make one fine dish that kinda sorta makes up for the legal warnings that managed to oodge out my favorite entree.
Went to PF Changs yesterday. Hadn't been there in a couple years. Went for happy hour and got the Pork Dumplings, Calamari, Chicken Flatbread, and Egg Rolls for appetizers. And had Moo Goo Gai Pan. Everything tasted awesome. Not sure why I hadn't eaten there in so long.
I do like PFC.

I had the pork pot stickers and the shaking beef.  Quite yum,  It wasn't until my buddy received his dish (mongolian beef) that I realized his dish was what I wanted to order.

Oh well.

The beef lettuce wraps are worth ordering too - fairly scrumptious.

Ya feel me?
Look, I know there are things are the menu that are better than others. And at first about 10 years ago when they opened I wasn't that crazy about them. But now, their menu has really improved. The cucumber salad is incredible. The side veggies are fantastic. It always tastes the same. No surprises. That's good.
A monthly staple of our eating habits the food is consistent, hot, usually quickly served and the drinks affordable. PF Chang's is however not an inexpensive night out. For a party of two with apps and drinks as well as your main course one should expect to shell out a quick $80-100. The early bird apps and drink specials can tame this some and soften the blow. Plan ahead as the place fills up quickly. 

My only negative comment would be the extensive "dust bunnies" behind the bar on the ceiling. Someone needs to look at the big picture a bit more and stay on top of things.
I had such a lovely evening, with delicious food and great company. It is super cool that they have vegetarian and gluten free options, I am definitely a fan of that.

The server was extremely personable & very knowledgeable about the menu. I started off with a Key Lime Pie cocktail,  it was really sweet so I wouldn't do more than one or two but definitely worth a try. For the appetizer I did the Gluten-Free Chicken Lettuce Wraps and for my entree the Gluten-Free Lemon Chicken. Both were very delectable and I would definitely recommend both dishes. Unfortunately I was too full to get dessert this time, however if you go just for dessert only or have room for something sweet I would recommend the Banana Spring Rolls.

Side note about this particular location: it is a very busy and the wait times can get a bit ridiculous.  If they accept call ahead seating/reservations I would definitely recommend it, or just go at an odd time of day.
Okay this place is perfect. My favorite place. The food is always outstanding and the service is always great. I've never had a rude server. The food is kind of expensive but we go occasionally because the food is just so good. 
We are going tonight on a double date, they've never gone before so they must try it! 
My favorite meal is sweet and sour chicken :)
Wonderful service.  Wonderful food.  Pf Chang never disappoints.   One of the best Hot n Sour soups ever.  Lettuce wraps are great.  All entres were excellent.  A great experience.  Thanks Stefanie for the nice service.
4 of  us went for lunch and it was wonderful.  Stefanie, our server was great.  Loved the Hot & Sour soup, egg rolls & lettuce wraps.  We all had different entrees and we all had smiles on our faces.
I visit this location only twice and the reason I give this place 2 stars is because the first time that I've been there was exactly very nice: great food, great service. Just like you would expect in a dissent restaurant. The second time was awful!!!! If it was my only time there I wouldn't even give this restaurant 1 star if I could. The waiter was seems like his having a really bad day or he just didn't like me and my friend for some reason. At first his recommendation for the food was pretty flat and he couldn't explain any dish that had "traditional taste"  in his opinion. Now yes I do get that sweet&sour or orange peel chicken is very popular in Chinese kitchen but it has nothing to do with his attitude that evening. He was rude, uninformative and always speak super fast and ran immediately off the table when he was done talking (and no the place wasn't packed at all). Me and my friend were complaining that the time we were waiting to get our entrees was too long and my friend mention that we are in a hurray. Then first we couldn't find our waiter for a while so we spoke with couple of different  waiters to check for the food. When our waiter came by with his "cheerful" mood he decided that we didn't informative him that we are in a hurry and we are not waiting long enough. By the time It came it was 40 min from the time we order. I think 40 min it's a lot of time to wait for a fish and chicken. Even with the starters the gap between the courses was just too long and if the kitchen is on pressure at least the person that serves the food should be nice!!
I told one of the employee about my experience that evening and he said "he will tell the manger". also explained him that I go to restaurants 3 times a week and I've never had such a bad experience in my life. When I finally ended my visit before I got out I asked from the host for a pen so I could sign my visa because the waiter was "too busy" too remember to bring one.  I told her that I hope the other waiters are nicer but she couldn't care less. This is my very first time I didn't tip a waiter, if that's how I felt after this visit I feel that I need to share my experience.  The only thing I can do is saying that the "traditional" sweet & sour chicken was tasty. And I would have come back for some more if I'll get treated better.
Amazing lettuce wraps and tiramisu! Much better than the Mesa location.
Average Chinese-American restaurant. As far as service goes, I live next door and gotta say this store cannot compare to the one in Vegas. The staffs here are not as friendly and enthused.
Always enjoy the Teriyaki chicken bowl with brown rice and no veggies. So much so that it is all I ever order there. However, my girl has tried every other dish there and been very please with 99% of them. They have good tasting water, nice napkins and tasty fortune cookies. Good service most of the time and very reasonable prices.

My only complain would be that on their website they showed the Teriyaki bowl to be only 500 calories but they actually split the bowl up into 2 servings which makes it 1000 calories so you must read the fine print before calculating your caloric intake.

I can't wait to go back and get another t-bowl!
Would have been 4 stars, but they recently raised their prices on the entrees.  It's caused me to just get noodle dishes or avoid the place all together.  Too bad...
We order takeout from PW quite frequently when we're in the mood for Americanized Chinese. It's right across the street and a quick stop on my husband's way home from work. I love their order on line feature that allows you to customize any dish in so many different ways -- add more protein, add more veggies, less spicy. PW has it down pat, at least at this location. And if they are not sure about something, they call first before making your order, so virtually, every order comes just as you specified. And its always on time, too! A big plus! 

I give PW high marks in their value. The portions are hefty. Sometimes I feel like I need weights to lift some of their heavier noodle items! Seriously, they are jam-packed in those nice plastic containers (not the cheap paper or Styrofoam types that leak)! We often have leftovers that we can use as a side dish for the next day's meal! 

One of the things we have noticed recently is that their dishes are tasting saltier. I don't know if this is something new, or just a change in our taste buds. Or maybe it is just this particular location? I thought everything was pretty formulaic for all the locations so that there would be no variance. 

Loves: Vegetarian Spring Rolls (but you have to eat them right away as they go from crispy to mushy in about 10 minutes), Hot & Sour Soup, Dan Dan Noodles with chicken (original) or Shrimp and Extra Veggies ($2 more), which comes with plenty of shrimp (tails off!). The original spice is not overpowering and doesn't make my nose run as some "spicy" dishes. 

Since moving to way-North Scottsdale we haven't found a favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant that we call home, so for now PW is our go-to when the hankering for Chinese-style tempts our taste buds. I've searched most of the review sites and still haven't been able to find "the one" who will satisfy our New York style Chinese cravings that's within a few miles. Any suggestions are welcome -- remember way-North Scottsdale!
One of my favorite places to eat  and in a good location.  Although a few times  we've had to wait for a long time until all the plates are on our table. Bad timing, you don't want to start eating when someone in front of you is still waiting for his plate. And they might give you too little sauce  on your teriyaki bowl. Ask for extra. I like the beers they carry.
Nice lunch place when you want quick gourmet food.  I like the Kung Pao Beef - flavorful, somewhat spicy, and a good quantity.  A good place to stop when out doing errands !
After the Pei Wei identity theft closures and subsequent reopening, this Pei Wei has gotten even worse! My Japanese Teriyaki with shrimp tasted off as did the vegetable spring rolls. The shrimp in the Teriyaki bowl was the smallest I have ever seen them use, and the vegetables in the spring rolls were hard and tasteless. This is the second time this has happened. The first time I thought it was an anomaly; this time I am wondering if Pei Wei changed their "formula"??? Don't waste your time or taste buds!
Maybe time heals all wounds . . . decided to give takeout from Pei Wei another shot since they had some new menu items, including small plates. I have to say that their new Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls are simply delicious! Totally refreshing and a nice portion to eat alone as an entree for lunch or dinner or split it as an appetizer (3 rolls). It comes with two sauces, peanut and sweet chile. For peanut fans, you'll love it, rich and creamy. I love the little kick from the sweet chile. Hubby really enjoyed the new caramel signature dish with chicken. I'm not yet willing to give Pei Wei four stars all the way around, but I'd give the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls a total five by itself!!!
I love this Pei Wei, Tim the manager makes it a fun place to be.   The Thai dynamite is always good.   I love the black tea.   Mix it up and order the brown fried rice.....
Food is inconsistent at this location.
It's easy to forget this location is here. Tucked away between the Safeway and the corresponding gas station is this run-of-the-mill Pei Wei establishment.

I usually order Pei Wei Spicy or Mandarin Kung Pao chicken. Though, Kung Pao beef is surprisingly tasty. Then, I load it up with their chili sauce and spicy mustard. I like to add extra veggies too because they tend to skimp on that. Stay away from the Curry because it's bland and runny to me. 

Tips: Asking for brown rice and steamed chicken make Pei Wei a fairly healthy and tasty alternative. 

Though not the cheapest or most authentic, I'm been a fan of Pei Wei's attempts to stay true to their Asian roots (Pei Wei's Market online) and provide good value with every meal. And, I like the cool touch-screen soda dispensers.

Looking forward to the new Siracha Chicken (arrives Oct 8)!
Sometimes service is slow.
Super yummy and cheap food! Employees are always nice and fast at what they do. I've never eaten inside this exact location but i'm sure it's as good as eating out. I do take out usually with my family and they always give the food right away when you walk in even if you are a little early. You don't have to wait usually more than 15 minutes for your take out order to be done which makes this place awesome!
The food is what you expect from Pei Wei but the service is horrid. We waited an hour to get our food and our meals weren't even served at the same time.
Always consistent and fresh! We have never had a bad meal here and we've been coming here for years! New fresh menu items awesome! Our fab is hot and sour soup and Vietnamese Rolls!
I have to say that today Pei Wei has perfected the Chicken Broccoli and Sesame Chicken today. Great flavor! Also special props to the Expo who ran the food. Hes keeping the place clean and tidy
This was the highlight of a wasted 2 hours or so on the way from Tucson to Sedona yesterday.  This and the magnificent sculpture of the horse in the parking lot of the strip mall that houses the restaurant.  The horse is a combination of chromed and rusted metal and found objects, larger than life and probably comes from a gallery here in Sedona.  We were on a fool's errand, looking for an arts and crafts show that was described as one of the 3 best in the nation.  Not by MY standards.  In fairness, I didn't look at all the offerings, probably not even half, but was I saw would have been juried out of the Brookside Art Annual in KC.  But on to this wonderful restaurant, a homey little cafe that we wandered into by chance.  It was fairly new but our waitress was an older woman who called us darlin'.  Tam, don't read any farther...  We both ordered their special green salad topped by small scoops of chicken salad, egg salad and tuna salad, each one excellent.  It was a light, pleasant lunch and very satisfying.  And Tam, I know you didn't listen to me and you just threw up in your mouth.  One of these days you'll learn...
I had the tuna salad here the other day and it was great.  Fresh and tasty.  I liked it so much, I took my out of town guest there for breakfast and that was pretty good too.  Friendly service and good food.
I visited the Octagon Cafe during my visit to AZ with my fiance and we had a wonderful time. We chose to sit out on the patio as it was a beautiful day and the view of the gigantic fountain is breathtaking! The food is fantastic! I had the chicken salad which I was told it is a homemade recipe.... it was delicious. The iced tea is amazing as well...be sure to try both flavors.They have a full bar and beer on tap....including Stella which is one of my favs. The staff are friendly and the owner Jim takes time to great every one who enters and made us feel right at home. If you find yourself in Fountain Hills do yourself a favor and check out the Octagon Cafe!
I love Octagon Cafe for lunch. It has been nice to watch it develop over the years. I always get the turkey and avocado sandwich with the lunie birdie salad (a awesome take on Waldorf with candied pecans and AMAZING chicken salad on top). Their salad is one of their strong points (don't get me wrong their sandwiches are great too, but I actually crave the salad). Another big win for them is the iced tea. I am a huge iced tea person. They have this apricot mango tea  (unsweetened) that is just awesome. 

Octagon is a great place for lunch conversation with its relaxed quiet atmosphere. You can sit on the patio if you'd like to watch the Fountain as it goes off. 

Also, once you are done, if you are still hungry, they have great frozen yogurt (not on the menu) and you can add toppings to it. I like to get swirl with Oreo and the candied pecans. Talk about yum!
Must've gone on an off day, because I didn't find the food here very good at all.

Stopped in here with my son after some splash pad fun at the Fountain Hills park.  We sat outside and it was a gorgeous day.

Service was great--our server was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  

I wanted a steak caesar but they didn't have steak.  So instead I got a cobb salad.  Bad, bad, bad.  The chicken was sooo overdone, it was beyond dry.  The avocado and egg were fresh.  The lettuce was nasty--bitter, hardly any leaf, just nasty.  My son just had a hot dog and chips, which tasted like...well, a hot dog and chips.

I may try this place again if we're at the splash pad again.  I hope if I do that it's better the second time around
Cute little place, directly adjacent to Fountain Park. Nice patio, with great view of the lake, and the world famous fountain.

Free Wi-Fi, and the house coffee is delicious!

Distinct lack of available outlets (I spotted two in the dining area), so don't plan on spending too much time here if you need power.

They serve The Republic of Tea brand tea, so if that's your thing, you're in luck.

Server Julia was friendly and smiling, but not terribly speedy.

The Foursquare listing has a "tip" that reports $400 pancakes, however the menu offers no evidence that is true.

Men's room lacked soap in the dispenser, a pet peeve of mine.

Given the location, I'm not highly likely to return. However, if I were in Fountain Hills, visiting the fountain, I'd probably drop in...
Well the waitress was really nice and was working hard.    But she had to do the place on her own.   Food came out cold.   :(
I have NO idea how on earth it stays open.  The only thing it has going for it is the location on the Fountain...and that is it.
this place started out real good but then it kind of went down hill.  The food is usually good only if someone serves you.  My friend and I went in for breakfast, the wait staff sat us and gave us menus but that is about it.  She never came back even after we requested our order be taken, she basically ignored us so after 45 minutes we got up and left.  Then we emailed the manager who said he would fire the waitress and low and behold the waitress is still there.  I went back and tried to order again on a different day and again the wait staff ignored me and the same story avoid this place.  The wait time and sucky service does not make up for the food or the management
Pei Wei is okay . I am not thrilled by Pei Wei much anymore. There food keeps me full , it's relatively healthy and everybody in the family can find something they like. But as far as earth shaking yummy..nope  ..not here. 
I like that I can get brown rice. I am pleased that I get veggies in my food. But the flavors are overdone and some seem sticky sweet. 

BTW , Pei Wei if you want customers to feel welcomed you might want to great them , and take their orders instead of sitting  and talking .  We waited for quite a bit while one hostess took phone orders and two other gals sat and talked .
Same owners as P.F. Chang's.  Keep in mind this is FAST FOOD, and judging it by what other fast food is like out there, Pei Wei hits a home run.

For modest prices, you get an order that easily feeds two people.  So, for less than $10, two people can eat a freshly prepared meal that is fairly healthy.

Very busy at prime dining hours.  Suggest early, late, or takeout order.

Blazing noodles is excellent.
Good fast food!
I am SO addicted to the vegetarian Thai dynamite. I don't think I will ever be able to order anything else. The tofu lettuce wraps are also a must EVERYTIME.
I love the Kung Pao with chicken. The Fried Rice with Chicken is excellent too. The food is excellent. Decent sized portions too. Once of my favorite places to eat.
A wise man once told me, "Don't teach the 'gwei lo' new tricks."  I never understood what that meant until I ate here.
This is like a fast food PF Changs.  I think it's a bit pricey for what it is.  I ask for them to go light on the sauce as I think they sometimes drown their meals in sauce.  In a pinch, this place is ok.
I find their food to just be OK. I know it's P F Chang's fast food, but the food choices don't even come close  Their prices are a bit higher than other fast food Chinese restaurants with comparable meals.
I love PeiWei! I rarely eat in-store, but their call ahead pick-up and curb-side pick-up is amazing! Every time I call-in it's usually a 15-20 minute pick-up time which is just perfect. They never fail to not have my food ready on time! The staff is decent; sometimes they are very rushed because of large crowds, so they are kind of short, but never rude. They usually still smile despite running around a mile-a-minute.

 I've ordered pick-up meals for a few years and there was only one instance when my order was not correct. I realized it when I got into the parking lot: missing the lettuce wraps! Uh oh. Walked back into the store and had to wait a few minutes for my lettuce wraps but they were very apologetic about it and gave me an unexpected $20 gift card because of the inconvenience. Now that's good customer service!

PeiWei also came out with a new mobile ordering site which makes ordering from my iPhone very easy. Sweet!

Food quality is always tasty. Always tastes fresh and flavorful. It's not as good as PF Changs, but for the price and the wait time you really can't complain. Yum!
What can you say about great, reliable, consistent Asian food every time.  I just found out that they have a gluten free menu for my kids, YIPPEE!  I could tell you what I order but it would be easier to call it in and after I give them my phone number they tell me what I ordered last time so I can just duplicate it....are we all creatures of habit?  It's great!  I love this place, the atmosphere is awesome in the high end shopping center on the SW corner of 67ave & 101 near AJ's.  The service is always fast and the Mongolian beef on noodles is heaven.  The wife likes the Dan Dan bowl and my daughter always gets the honey seared chicken and of course we always get the crab won-tons.  If you have room you can hit up the cold stone creamery next door....but that's a whole other YELP!
Love Pei Wei.  Just tasty, ALWAYS.  

This location is very easy to get to and cool that you can take it all to go.

Service has been pretty good every time I have gone here.
Picked up dinner last night,  The hot and sour soup was good but cold when I got home 5 mins later, the potstickers were good but the japanesse ramen was just yuck,  I ordered it with vegies and they all tasted old and soggy and the noodles were sticky and way overcooked with just a bad flavor, thew most of it in the trash. Havent been here in ages and now I remember why It's just not good. For half the price I could have went to panda and got better.  Time to step it up.
I give this place 4 stars, mostly for being one of the few places to get some Asian food in this area.  I moved to AZ after living in Florida and DC, where there was a decent Chinese place in most grocery store plazas.  I got here to the NW Valley and had a hard time finding anywhere to get some rice and noodle dishes, especially good take-out, in my neighborhood.  Now I know PEI WEI is a chain, but I think they're pretty decent at what they do.  I have yet to be disappointed by any dish I've ordered.  (I usually order the Pad Thai with chicken, to go.  The portion size is large, enough for 2, for about $8.)   For takeout or pick-up orders, they have a separate entrance and register, which is nice because sometimes there's a line for indoor ordering.  The dining area inside is a little crowded looking but very clean.  They also have outdoor seating in a little patio area.  Most of the tables inside are small, so I'd say it's not great if you have a very large party.  Bottom line:  it's tasty Asian food at a decent price, in an area that is lacking an Asian food presence.
Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted. 

Now, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty. 

I've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected. 

In fact, he even commented that the place was "classier" than he expected. 

Just a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food.
I love Pei Wei!! They offer up some truly tummy Asian dishes! And the awesome thing about it is that no matter which location you go to, the food is consistently the same!
My favorite dish is the Kung Pao with tofu, brown rice and extra sauce on the side. Seriously, even folks who don't care for tofu will love this!
Thanks Pei Wei for being a mile from my work and easy to get to!!
always great food and they will prepare just the way you ask.

Sometimes I ask for Dan Dan noodles a little less spicy, or chicken a little more crispy and they do it nicely every time.

It's usually pretty busy during meal times so sometimes it's hard to find a seat, but if you have a few minutes to wait it's no problem at all.
Love Pei Wei, very consistent food.  I tried their online ordering for pickup because they had a 20% off special from their 11th year anniversary yesterday.  It was ready as promised, and the food was yummy as usual.

And when I eat in, I like that the seating is well spaced out, not too packed in.  And the place is always really clean.  This is for the three locations I've been to in the valley.
ehh, not good and not bad. This place is ok and if you're craving chinese and don't wanna travel to far, this place is fine. The price is not very expensive and food comes out quick. The atmosphere is cool as well. The food quality was not bad but not something to go around raving about. Overall, i would choose a different place to eat, but this isn't a bad choice
Pei Wei is one of our favorites! That's partially due to the wonderful food but the management of this particular restaurant exceeds all others. The manager, Jimmy, knows how to keep his staff and patrons happy. We've been in on weekends and even on a Valentine's Day where the line was nearly out the door, but because this establishment runs such a tight ship, we have never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table on their busiest of nights. Highly recommend  their Honey Seared Chicken, Kung Pao and Mongolian Beef but it's the service that earns them this 5 star rating.
Long wait for to go food on the weekends. An hour today from call in to food ready. 

Cashiers are always very friendly.  

Restaurant is noisy. People talk loudly in there for some reason, even though the cooking is quieter than the loud customers talking when they should be eating.

Love that the food is made fresh, thus the extra wait.  

Sometimes they put rice stix in the lettuce wrap meat when I request them to be left out, but they resolve the problem quickly and without trouble at all.  

I always order online ahead to avoid waiting after ordering in store.

I wish they had their own stock, separate from PF Chang's, because Pei Wei's are always packed no matter the location it seems.  Weekends, forget about it, lines are long and they even stop taking orders while they wait for people to leave to free up tables.  Just remember to be patient if you plan to eat in when it's busy.
Not a fan.  I know this isn't supposed to be authentic Asian food but the dish I ordered (can't remember what it was called) was inedible.  The description of the entree I ordered gave no indication that it would be sweet in flavor.  I'm not a huge fan of sweet entrees in the first place but this dish was sickeningly sweet.  I had to send it back.  The reasons why I give this place 2 stars is because of the nice ambiance, the service is good, and they were nice enough to swap out my entree for something a little more palatable.
No surprises here, but this location is very reliable and family loves it.  Coke machines are new favorite.  Fun to make up new concoctions.
Staff are very friendly and customer oriented. I love the trendy look and the food. The new coke machines are fun and trendy. I have been going to this location for years. Food is tasty and very filling. Fresh and healthy.
This is good Americanized Chinese food.  The portions are huge and meant for sharing.  The wait times are long on the weekend, but you can order online.  If you do eat in, don't miss the customizable coke machine with the touch screen interface.  This is a great fast casual restaurant.
This place has delicious food and great service. Just cant get enough of the shrimp fried rice!
3.5 stars for food, 5 stars for decor. 

It's good, not great, but pretty good. I can't seem to find an actual spicy dish. I order the korean chicken extra spicy and it's like, barely spicy. Cmon!

A little expensive, but I also don't go that often. Still trying to find a "really good" asian place.
Excellent food this place is always busy. Good for takeout also. Very different food and I think you will enjoy it. Give this place a try.
Menu is very similar to PF Chang's.  Good quality American Chinese food at reasonable prices.  Order cafeteria style with limited table service.
In a word: decent. This is the salty variety of Asian food with canned-tasting sauces and meat. It's about as good as the frozen dinners you can get at the grocery store, but it costs more.
Excellent place to eat in Arrowhead. I've been here at least 30 times but this is my first review??!!!??!?  Ha

Anyways anything on the menu is good! I've had most of the featured entree and its all good recently the black peppered chicken is awesome!!  The wife is in love with the Carmel steak or chicken.  Big entrees so good enough to share but we had a buy 1 get 1 free so we ate like royalty!   

Always clean and good service. If you are looking for a good place in the Arrowhead area to eat look at Pei Wei!
I love sitting at the counter with my Kids looking at the food being cooked and watching them lost in amazement at all that is going on.
Food is served fast, hot with great presentation, love the coke machine, seems to have 1000 combinations of flavors.
This kind of food isn't my favorite, but I did enjoy the crab wontons here as well as their Japanese offerings. The prices are a little high for what it is, but not too bad. I would probably return every once in awhile when I feel like Asian food.
I ordered the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Thai Wonton Soup as take-out.

Service was quick and ahead of schedule--no complaints there. 

For about $14, this was an adequate dinner that was enough for lunchtime leftovers the next day.

The Thai lettuce wraps were quite good. Chicken was a little dry (maybe due to lack of fat--not all bad). It was actually better the next day once the flavors melded. 

However, the "Thai Wonton Soup" has not one ounce of Thai flavor. If you have the flu, get the soup. It's essentially an extra brothy chicken noodle soup. The name is misleading. The wontons are fine, nothing to write home about. I would have expected some thai basil or something to jazz it up. It had a minimal amount of floating greens, but these flavorless morsels added specks of color and nothing more.

I've tried many things at Pei Wei and it is adequate chain take out, but I go about once a year and that is enough for me...
I will never go back to this pei Wei again.

Every time I go I'm disappointed my noodles are sticky and soggy etc
I love this place the food is delicious and healthy! One of the best things is their take away service. Just call in your order and they will have it ready in a few minutes it's a great way to avoid the long waits at lunch time.  Highly recommend.
Pei Wei food ranges from decent to mediocre. I say this because there isn't a single dish that stands out or makes you want to come back for more. Everything on the menu is something you've already seen and eaten more than a dozen times. There is nothing wrong with serving dishes that are popular or easy to cook. But one would at least expect these run-of-a-mill dishes to be made properly. I've eaten at Pei Wei multiple times and most of the times the food was just OK. But there were also times when the vegetables (especially the Broccoli and Carrots) were very dry and sauce (Kung Pao or anything other sauce for that matter) not mixed evenly with the entree -  there is just no consistency. The only good thing that can be said about Pei Wei is their service that is extremely fast. 

Choose Pei Wei if you need to take your colleagues for lunch during work hours or if you are desperate for some average Chinese food.
Pei Wei is always great! My family and I go and get edamame and chicken lettuce wraps! Lines get extremely long around dinner time. Best to go earlier in the evening or after 7ish. Fairly priced also!
I'm not the biggest fan of Americanized Asian-inspired food joints, but I enjoy Pei Wei. Right now there is a promotion for a BOGO, so for $8 I was able to feed two mouths with plenty of leftovers. 

I had the chicken pad thai, which had an ample portion of meat and tofu. I really can't complain about it; it tastes like any chicken pad thai I have eaten before. Unfortunately my boyfriend's chicken fried rice wasn't so great. He asked for no red bell peppers; instead they put in green bell peppers and a ton of scallions.  The menu doesn't even say green bell peppers in the description. 

I'll come back for the pad thai. It cost less and comes in a bigger portion than ordering from a Thai restaurant.
We ordered the Dan Dan noodles and Thai coconut curry chicken. The noodles were a little over cooked but still very tasty. The curry was bland, peppers were cold, and green beans were hard(not crunchy but not cooked). The service is very slow and employees are visibly arguing with each other. Very poor training and leadership at this pei wei.
I have been to this Pei Wei multiple times and it never fails I am always disappointed! I have dined in and they lose my ticket and I have to show my receipt to get my food. For take out they forget my sauces and utensil and just tonight I called to order take out the girl was very rude and it was an hour and a half wait! My recommendation go somewhere else...
Pei Wei is a decent Chinese restaurant in Arrowhead. I am always disappointed at the long waits and sometimes there are flies. I once waited almost 45 minutes for take out. Come on.. One should never wait more than ten minutes for Chinese. Other than that.. Food is good and the portion sizes are big.
Was looking forward to a good dinner for the wifes bday. She placed the order 50 minutes before the scheduled pick up. Still had to wait 25 minutes more once I got there. The customer service, or lack there of sucked. It was good food, but won't return to this one because of the service.
This place is high end panda basically but id rather go to panda and that's something I wouldn't say ever but this place just isn't good. The food is okay nothing to brag about the portion is so small like very small after your done eating you'll want so much more because it just doesn't get you full and the pricing is just dumb..
Not gun friendly!
Love Pei Wei so much! Great employees and even better food... They have so many gluten free options and I always leave with left overs!
People seem to love Sammy's. They have quite a list of salads and single-person-sized pizzas on their menu, among other items.  If you check out the photo on the website the place seems to have a nice, warm and cozy feel, but I didn't find that to be the case at all- at least at this location.  Instead I found the decor to be extremely faux and the hearth-like atmosphere to be superficial- no warmth at all for me.  But the space is clean and inviting, the food is good and the service was fine.  No real complaints.
Bad service, no knowledge of the menu, and the meat on the pizza had freezer burn. Good for a chain, but not the gourmet experience they strive for.
If you get the chance, don't eat there.  

I had  the BBQ pizza - eh.  My wife had the chipotle cheese chicken tacos - which were disgusting to look at, never mind eat. The cheese was huge chunks, not melted and the colors of all of the ingredients were muted (not and adjective I'd like to use when discussing food).

Out waiter was just plain awkward - making jokes that were playfully sarcastic, but inappropriate for any dining environment - chain restaurant or not. 

The experience furthered my belief that chain restaurants should be avoided at all costs.
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza in Henderson sits along the back of the shopping center that holds Joe's Crab Shack and Barley's Casino.  Walking in, I get the feeling that this is definitely a family kind of restaurant, where you spend a simple dinner out with the family on Sunday evenings.

We both decided on their pizza for dinner.  (But did start off with bread and butter, it's upon request.)

* Vegetarian Pizza "Grilled vegetables including eggplant, onions, zucchini, bell peppers and red onions with fontina cheese, roasted garlic sauce and roma tomatoes." ($9.95) - It was a good pizza, although I wished the garlic sauce was heavier, it was only faintly there.  Some mushrooms would make it that much better!

* New York Style Pizza "Our homemade tomato sauce with sauteed mushrooms, pepperoni, salami, and Italian sausage." ($10.95) - The Husband tried to order this with their Artisan thin crust for $2 more, but the waitress didn't really suggest it.  She said it was cracker thin, so he decided to order it as is.  It came out just fine, and the thinness was good too.  His pizza was saltier than mine, and definitely had more kick.  I overheard a couple of neighboring tables order this same pizza too. It must be a favorite! 

Service was good.  The waitress refilled the Husband's soda without having to ask, although I could have used a refill on my water. She did come by and check on us and she was friendly, so we didn't really have any issues with service here.

3.5 stars.

They have a happy hour daily from 4 pm to 6 pm; at the bar only on Fridays and Saturdays.  Half-price tapas and house wine.

They also have a Tasty Bytes club.

A kids' menu is offered for those 10 and under, with items under $6 (and that includes a soda or milk).
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza is a reasonable choice for salads and pizza.  Also a good option for families.

I generally have had good service here, and this restaurant offers options that will appeal to a wide range of people - somewhat middle of the road - solid food and service, but nothing unique or remarkable.

The salads are particularly good in my opinion (chopped salad and green salad with walnuts, chicken and balsamic vinegarette) and they are large, a large salad can easily be shared by 4-6 people, a small by 2-3 people.

Pizzas are good but not spectacular - again - solid but nothing groundbreaking.  Some good options for variety here.

Good restaurant for families and kids.  Outdoor seating here is nice, weather permitting, although a bit loud as this location is right under the flight path from McCarran Airport.
We tried this pizza when they offered take-home valentines packages for $6 a piece. It was pretty good, so we decided to go in and eat. We fell for the fancy pizzas which for me were good but I wouldnt order it again, if that makes sense.  I ordered the Sun Dried tomato, with pine nuts and basil with goat cheese. Sounds a lot better than it tasted. I guess I expected it to taste as good as it did when we made it at home with pep & basil. Sometimes you just need to stick to basics. Surprisingly enough the salads everyone else in the restaurant had ordered looked way better than our pizza. If i go back I'd def. go with the salad.
I have visited Sammy's locations in California and Arizona. I am not sure if I forget that it was just okay or if there is a lingering hope that I will have a meal that changes my mind. But, alas, I had the same experience at the Henderson location. It was simply okay - a little bland, nothing special.

My husband had a pizza and the amount of grease on it and the plate beneath it was simply astounding. Now he eats a lot of crap and thinks that greasy is good so when he started soaking up the grease with a napkin, I knew there was a problem. 

I had a Chopped Chicken Salad. The chicken was lacking flavor and the olives were so pickled that they made it difficult to taste much else. The other items on the salad - lettuce, tomato, mozzarella - did nothing to make up for the mediocre chicken. 

We also shared the Garlic Cheese Bread. The seasoning was odd and uneven. So, some pieces tasted really nice and then other pieces left a bad taste in your mouth.

On the bright side, the waitress was attentive if just a little stand-offish. 

I am glad that we decided to visit Sammy's when we had a coupon for a free entre. Even with the discount, the food was overpriced. So, unless you are just visiting Sammy's for the Messy Sundae, find another pizza joint.
This is the best place ever !!! Other that it's a very beautiful and comforting place to come and eat pizza with your friends or family, it's one of the best places to have a birthday party for your child.I had a birthday party for my daughter and the staff was extremely professional and nice.Everything was ready on time, organized tables. They even helped us to entertain kids with doing messy Sundays . Kids had a blast ! Pizza taste great, fresh and hot . A lot of varieties.I would recommend it to anybody.This review is for a Green Valley location in HENDERSON .Manager is the best !
Very good gluten-options. Sammy's is a classy pizza joint with affordable prices. Join their email club and get free stuff. They usually feature coupons in the Entertainment Book.
Went to Sammy's wth friends that came to visit from out of town. We wanted to go to a quality restuarant without the prices The Strip has to offer. We landed at Sammy's Woodfire Pizza. From the moment we walked in to the moment we left, we were catered to perfectly by the staff. Service, to me, is just as important as the food. I had the angle hair pasta and my friends shared a pizza. I tasted all that was present at our table. Everything was tastey and our served, Sean (?), was amazing. He filled our glasses when needed, he talked with us for a small time to get to know us and he made sure anything we needed was provided. I most certainly will be returning.
I enjoy Sammy's. It's a good, casual locals place. It's like a Chili's or Applebee's without the poor food and bad decor. And they have decent happy hour specials.

My three favorite things are the hummus (so yummy!), mac 'n' cheese, and goat cheese pizza.

The main thing here, obviously, is the pizza. And I have never been disappointed with any of the pizzas here.

The service has always been pretty good. And they've been quite accommodating when I've gone in with a large group.

The food isn't a culinary revolution or anything, but it's good.
I love the LaDou's BBQ chicken pizza, the balsamic grilled chicken salad and the messy sundae. They have an amazing tapa's menu with Baba ghanoush, duck tacos, chicken satay, etc. I have dined and carried out at this location since 2002. I have never been disappointed by the product or service.
The food at Sammy's is terrific. The woodfired pizzas are excellent, the pasta dishes are delicious, and even the more traditional items like hummus and kobe beef burgers are great.  They truly have something here for everyone. The service is always good even when they are busy.
Food is pretty good but the serve is horrible!
My bff and I were especially excited to find out that this place offers vegan pizza options. I'm not just talking about some dough with tomato sauce and a few veggies sprinkled on top...they have actual vegan cheese! The tasty kind that melts and all! The kind that you find on a freshly baked Whole Foods vegan pizza. Yes, very exciting indeed.

We went there for happy hour and some pizza a couple of weeks ago. We had the hummus as an appetizer and some red wine to compliment our meal. The hummus was quite delicious and warm pita bread with olive oil and basil atop was served along with it. 

It wasn't very crowded, so the service was terrific and the servers were friendly and attentive. Liz(bff) ordered a margherita pizza and I ordered a pineapple pizza, both vegan stylie. We were on cloud nine. Needless to say, this is one of our favorite happy hour spots.
While the vegetarian pizza is my absolute favorite, save room for a nutty, fudge sundae! yummmmmmmm
I've been to this locatio several times and even though it's a pizza place, i have yet to try any. On most occasions i have split a sandwich and salad  with my wife. Here is what i have tried..
-Steak sandwich-grilled steak on a baguette with carmalized onoins topped with a mayo-mustard spread. Served with fries or coleslaw. Very tasty but a little expensive.
-Fish Tacos. Pretty good for a pizza place.Slightly fried with corn or flour tortillas. I would get them again.
-Chopped Chicken Salad. A nice mix of greens, chesse but the kicker is the kalamata olives, they really stand out.
-Lobster Bisque- not bad, i'd say average.
I am going back just for a sundae soon. Several tables got them around us but i've always been full.

A bit expensive but always something good to eat, very consistant.Was going to say 3 stars but the service has always been pretty good so four stars is accurate.
Duck tacos. Duck tacos. Duck tacos.

I know, it's a pizza place, but duck tacos are the only thing I order when I come here. I find Sammy's to be hit or miss most of the time. Besides this location I have also been to the one on Sahara once. However, I spent a birthday dinner at this location in Henderson a couple years ago.

Besides the duck tacos (I know I just confessed to only eating them) I have also had their pizzas. Well, of course I had to considering the place has "pizza" in its name. But alas, I have always come back to the duck tacos. I've never had them and not loved them.

Service is typically decent. I've never run into a down-right rude server, but some have been kind of stand-offish. 

The place can turn into quite a family magnet during certain times of the day or on weekends. I usually go during off-hours when it's not as busy and I won't be bothered by large crowds.
**Summary**
       - Flavor - The pizza was average. Nothing gourmet.
       - Price - It just seemed from the menu that they were trying to squeeze every last penny out of you. For a pizza they had the following options: $1 more for whole what crust, $2 for artisan thin crust, $3 for gluten free and $2 for vegan cheese. It just seemed excessive.
**Ordered**
       - $12.50 New York Style Pizza - The pizza was decent but it just seemed over priced. It tasted just like domino's with the same toppings only greasier (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/MW6hyPt6Xz6cIVyp_r1yLg?select=Pip7KP3jfZao0cKK_eK0EA).
**Recommendations**
       - I wouldn't really recommend this place. It's ok food at above average prices.
This restaurant and this location in particular is my favorite place to eat in the Las Vegas Area (that is since the closure of Quarks). The tapas are incredible. Being a registered Duck-a-holic, I am a huge fan of the duck tacos. I also enjoy the creative pizzas. The happy hour special can't be matched, half priced tapas, beer and wine from 4 to 6. 

Sammy's helped me out with a fundraiser dinner last year as well. They have an excellent community outreach program. They gave me fliers and a percentage of every meal served if they had a flier. It was raining and the staff together decided to allow all of the meals ordered into the percentage for my fundraiser. The Crohn's and Colitis Foundation was the recipient of their generosity.
I ordered a Hawaiian pizza here and was unimpressed.  I got thin crust ($2 extra, BTW) and it was so soggy, it was almost like a tortilla.  All the ingredients slid off and it was a mess to eat.  I ordered the same thing at CPK a couple days ago and it was much better, so I know it can be done well.  Kind of pricey, so I won't be back.
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza is a good place to go for pizza (duh) and tapas.  It is located in a very safe neighborhood.  Parking is easy.  Service is a hit or miss.
The night that I came here was relatively slow. Nice music and ambiance. The servers, I will say, were there the second we were done with a course to remove our plates and to refill our drinks. My one star is primarily based on their food. 

For appetizers, we order the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes. 
First off, the presentation was tacky. Shredded cabbage? Lame.
The artichokes weren't crusted in parmesan, they were buried underneath it. 
Once I took a bite, my mouth dried instantaneously. There was waaayyy too much parmesan. The "creamy herb dressing" was just ranch. 

For the entree, I ordered a Sun-Dried Tomato pizza. 
The crust was flavorless. It tasted more like hard tack than anything. 
I don't know if sauce doesn't come on their pizzas or if they just don't put enough on it, but the lack of sauce was depressing. Sauce really binds a pizza together and gives it that extra kick. In fact, the sauce can make or break a pizza. No sauce = No bueno. The only flavor on the pizza was the sun-dried tomatoes, and there weren't enough of them. The pine nuts didn't enhance the pizza in any way. It just tasted like it was thrown on there just for the hell of it. The basil that was supposed to be on the pizza was so shriveled that I didn't even recognize it on the pie. Despite its small size, the pizza had an abundance of grease. The grease made the pizza taste extra bland and oily, which only added to the level of distaste I had for my meal. 

I couldn't even go for dessert because I knew I would be thoroughly disappointed. I ended up going to Cold Stone where I knew I would be happy.
came with a group of 6  people and were pleasantly impressed by the food, decor and knowledge of our server. My appetizer was great. The asparagus was SO good. I tried my friend's chili and it was absolutely AMAZING!  I will definitely be back!
In the past 3 or so months this place has gotten a lot better. The staff is always friendly the food taste great. You can always find a manager now and the service is one of the top notch they have really stepped up their game. Keep it up they have a great happy hour 7 days a week as well.
Service was super slow, and it was not a busy night.  Pizza was not exciting.
I've been to Sammy's a few times. It isn't my go-to place but when I'm in the area and we are all craving something different it will do. The menu is very eclectic. On my last visit I ordered the sliders and fish tacos and split both with my daughter. The sliders won hands down. I would not order the tacos again. The wine list needs to be updated but the service is always good.
I was really hoping to order one of my favorite salads but since we were at a different location, different menu items. Not everything was different, but it forced me to try something new, which wasn't bad. 

I ordered a Thai Chicken Salad (I think) which was really good and my boyfriend order a hawaiian pizza with sausage and jalapeos. We both enjoyed our food very much.

The strange thing was the service. It was kind of on the bad side. There were probably 4 groups outside (including us) and 2 inside, so it wasn't very busy. And we waited a long time to get our waters, get our food, refills, and our bill at the end, we became impatient and got up and handed our waiter the bill as we were leaving. Eh. They were nice, but slow.

Luckily the food tasted good.
This location is definitely not the best. I'm on E Sunset Rd a lot and you can totally miss it. I like the southwest location on Arroyo Crossing or Sahara much better.

As for the food and service, I'll honestly say I've always enjoyed what I ordered. They even have a decent kids' menu for my son. A good variety of salads, pizza, and pastas. I love their pizza dough and appreciate that it's not greasy.

I'm very happy if I'm there for happy hour, since their tapas are half off and very creative. However, during regular hours, I think paying full price is a bit steep for appetizers, averaging around $10. Even their serving for only edamame is $6. I've paid much much more for appetizers, but for a pizza place, I don't think it's worth the regular prices. I'd definitely recommend going during happy hour!

I'll definitely come back to Sammy's, even if it's going to the other locations..
My girlfriend and I are both big Sammy's fans. We live on the northwest end of town so our usual location is Elkhorn and Durango. We found ourselves in Henderson running some errands and craving Sammy's.

The location is a little difficult to find. Upon entering the restaurant most of the people were outside, however we wanted to sit inside. We were promptly taken to a booth per our request. We waited at least 10 - 15 minutes before our waitress came over and took our drink order. They took so long we were ready to order food as well.

Once we ordered drinks and our food the drinks came quickly. The food followed a few minutes after. Our drinks went empty for prolonged periods of time. I found myself continuously looking around the restaurant for a waiter/waitress. There were approximately 4 waiters/waitresses. The restaurant was mostly empty. The manager was outside sitting with friends. She was completely oblivious to what was going on in her restaurant. There was another table with a gentlemen waving the check he was waiting so long. 

Out of the entire wait staff there seemed to be one girl trying really hard to cover the tables, everyone else wasn't concerned about the guests at all. This was a very disappointing experience and I will definitely not be going back to this location.
The regional manager for Sammy's Woodfire Pizza contacted me based upon the unpleasant experience I had. I can proudly say she went out of her way to correct the problems that occurred and make it up to me. I was really impressed at the dedication to improving the customer experience. It is rare to see that these days, thank you!!
Met up with a high school friend who now resides in Nevada.  We had just finished a tour of Hoover Dam (because we're nerds) and decided on grabbing dinner in Henderson somewhere.  So we were left with Sammy's Woodfired Pizza.  I don't know how this came to be the only choice.  But seeing as to how I've never had it before, I was a go.

Had the LaDou's BBQ Chicken pizza.  Not bad at all.  In fact, I finished the whole pizza minus one and minus the crust.  I think I may need to give this place a second try in California.
What I enjoyed the most: 
Barbeque chicken pizza on wheat dough - they're perfect together

Other dishes were delicious too but not my favorite:
New York Style pizza - needed more mushrooms to balance out the salami, pepperoni, and Italian sausage
Grilled shrimp salad - very good salad that accompanied our pizza, will definitely order it again!

What dish they can improve on:
Duck tacos - go easy on the sour cream!

Service:
We came in a few minutes after happy hour had ended but our waiter was gracious enough to give us our first round happy hour prices! 


Why they didn't get four stars:
No beers on tap!
After several bad experiences at another Sammy's location, we have finally found one that makes up for past issues! This location has a wonderful staff that seem to work well together and don't mind helping each other out. We have had several delicious meals here (with a 2 year old) and have always been very pleased. It's nice to see good customer service is still out there. Keep up the good work!
One star up!

After my most recent visit to Sammy's, I believe they are deserving of a better rating. 

As far as the food, we ordered the Kobe Beef chili, the kids' pepperoni pizza, LaDou's BBQ Chicken Pizza, & the Brie & Truffle Oil pizza on gluten-free crust. My boyfriend said the chili was tasty, but thought there wasn't much beef. All three pizzas were great. The Brie & Truffle Oil pizza is a new addition to their menu, and it was DELICIOUS! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it...

I still don't care for the location, I wish they had more visual marketing to show they're back there with all the offices. I still think that the tapas are pretty pricey (unless you get there for half-off happy hour). Regardless, we loved the new revamped menu (labeling all vegetarian, vegan, & gluten-free items), and service was awesome! 

Thank you for replying to my previous review. We'll be back. Hopefully during happy hour!
Had my two grand kids with me and wanted to grab something we all could enjoy. Ordered the sun dried tomato artisan pizza and I had the BBQ chicken pizza, we were hungry so I also ordered fried. everything was delicious.  the amount of sauce was just right, unlike other places that put so much sauce it overpowers the pizza. The sun dried tomato pizza was very flavorful with the goat cheese. this is good considering I am not a big goat cheese fan. the flavors seemed to be perfectly balanced. the grand kids loved the pepperoni. Even the fries were better than most. cooked in fresh oil and seasoned well, we really loved them.
Close to work so how can I pass this place up. I frequent this place and really like heir food. Went today with a colleague. We split he duck tacos and I had a Caesars salad with grilled shrimp. As always food and service were both stellar! I still have not ordered pizza, just doesn't jump out to me when looking at the menu. Someday...Maybe!
Great gluten-free pizza! Fast service and friendly servers, Greek salad a must!  Lots of seating indoors and out.
Oh me oh my! Delicious. Went to this restaurant and this location for the first time about two weeks ago and I am beyond pleased. They have Gluten-Free and Vegan options. Oh AND they use natural and organic products when possible. Absolutely amazing. I have had their Gluten Free Vegan Pasta and their pizza and oh my goodness, mouth watering good. The manager Dina is such a delight. There was a teeny issue with my order ( nothing to get upset about) and she immediately fixed it without asking me. I was beyond surprised and pleased. Been there twice since and both waiters were fabulous. The most important thing for me is the service then the food because I can not enjoy my food with eeky service. The service A+ and the food A+. The patio area is such a nice place to sit at night when the weather is nice. They also offer Herbal Teas that my taste buds truly appreciate. Yum, Go visit. Great place!
I've been here several times and the pizza is always very good.  But...since the new Galaxy Luxury plus theater has opened and they've started to get really busy the service has fallen off a cliff.  On our last trip it took about one hour for our pizza to arrive and our drinks never got refilled even once...very upsetting to say the least.  Maybe they're in the process of staffing up, because if not, they're going to need to staff down...all the way down, if you know what I mean ;-).
We were excited to have a salad and pizza for dinner and we were  quite disappointed in  the food quality  and service . 

Sammy's does not offer Sweet & Low or Equal  as sweeteners , just Splenda and Stevia, both of which I cannot tolerate . So I had to send my iced tea back :(


The Cesar salad took 30 mins to arrive  and it was THE WORST Cesar we ever had ...Drowned in an awful dressing ( way too much of something) , limp lettuce , croutons that could break your teeth , and served on a non chilled plate ...We barely ate a few bites.

Our pizza was served literally 2 minutes after our salad so we had to send it back . We waited 15 mins before someone had the thought to bring it back to our table  . Oh, we added peppers to our NY pizza   and were charged a $1 for 6 juliiene strips , SERIOUSLY!!!
And the pizza was COLD when it was returned to us .

Do not even get me started on the lousy waiter !!!

I used to like Sammy's Woodfired Pizza but it would take a miracle to get us to return anytime soon
My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant for the first time tonight, with my parents and my six year old daughter. Our server, Brandon, was one of the best servers we've ever had, anywhere! The service was so good that even if the food had been lackluster (which it definitely was not) we'd chalk it up to a bad night and give it another shot.

We had an Asian chicken salad and a New York pizza. The salad was absolutely delicious, with a slightly spicy dressing that was very flavorful. The pizza, which we ordered on wheat crust, had mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni, and the sauce was terrific!

My parents shared a Hawaiian pizza that wasn't terrific, but as I'm not a huge fan of Hawaiian pizza, I may not be the best judge. They also got a pepperoni pizza to go, and I peeked into the box... and almost tried to sneak out with it! It looked and smelled FANTASTIC.

We will definitely be back to Sammy's. My only complaint is that we didn't discover them sooner.
Menu not filled with foods that sounded good to me. 

Service sucked 

Chopped chicken salad boring all lettuce

Mini burgers not even worth 11.50

I will never return to Sammy's!!!
Never. Again.

About twenty of us were here for dinner last night.  It took a while for all of us to arrive, and when they took our orders, I was one of the last people at the end of the table to order. I asked for a barbecue chicken pizza, no special crust or anything.

A while later, they started to bring our orders out. It probably took close to 10 minutes with all the people, starting with the opposite end of the table. After they got down to my end of the table and got everybody else their orders, I was still waiting for mine. A few minutes later, I asked the server what happened to my order. She went to the kitchen to check, and apparently they didn't start it. OK, I guess. Everybody else is already eating, but I can wait a while longer because they may have missed my order.

My friend had ordered the same pizza, but with a gluten free crust. She offered to trade me a piece now for one of mine later, and I gratefully accepted. At least five minutes later, the server brought out a pizza. But I realized that it was gluten free, not the standard crust. This second mistake was absolutely not acceptable.

Yes, they did finally get my order correct on the 3rd try. But at this point, everybody else had either finished or almost finished eating, and I upset and embarrassed that I had yet to start. The pizza didn't taste as good to me as it might have tasted normally, although I found the slice from my friend to be just average anyway. On top of this, all I got was an apology from the server, not an apology from the manager and definitely not some sort of coupon or discount to make it up to me. That would have saved them at least another star on this review.

Moral of the story: Do not take your large group here. Maybe one companion or a small group is fine, but look somewhere else if you want to make a large group happy.

It's a real shame. I wanted to try their duck tacos during happy hour some time, but it's not going to happen now.
We had the same experience as Jennifer D.  We enjoyed our meal of Hawaiian Pizza, salad with the nonfat cheese making it somewhat healthy.  But I am not writting about the food as the server, Brandon, he was excellent.  He cleaned the tables, swept the floors, worked as a hostess, knew the menu well and made several helful recommendations.  He created substanial added value for the restaurant. Lucky GM Dina.

Gary and Lynn,  5/30/2013
Pretty darn good pizza and great appetizers.  The staff was friendly and the place was clean.  I enjoyed the atmopshere.
Its not the food that made me not want to eat here ever again, its the service. Twice Ive been here and they f@*k up my order every time.

The first time I went, I asked for the glutton free crust pizza. We basically ate the whole pizza and found out later we got the regular crust. The place was pretty much empty on a week day for lunch, so why was service so slow? We had to ask several times for water and basically didnt get any.
When I asked for a box, he took my plate of leftovers and never returned. A new server came out and I asked her where is my leftovers? She said "Im sorry they threw it away"
Because I like the food so much and the alternatives that they offer I decided to give it another try.

We went again for lunch and asked for the pizza with Vegan cheese. A long dark haired woman with fluffy eyelashes was polite and cheery. But her pleasant attitude didnt mean much when, again the cheese was wrong and we ate a whole pizza with the wrong cheese. I was dissatisfied with the salad drenched in dressing that it was just overly saturated and soupy from the dressing.

After explaining to her that I was experiencing a stomach ache and was upset she gave us the wrong cheese, she didnt call for a manager. Instead she hands me a coupon for a free appetizer with a purchase of an entree. 

Why do you even offer alternatives for people who have food allergies when your servers dont even pay attention to things that are serious like that? Take it off the menu if your servers dont seem to give a rats ass.
Wonderful pizza!  Great gluten free crust.  Will come back for sure!! Megan our sever was awesome as well!
The duck taco's are amazing, THE best thing there. It's a little pricey and it's decorated like my aunts house from 1992, but otherwise a really nice experience.
My vegen buddy claims this place is good for his "veganess". 
Tasty!.  Dinner here tonight was very good.  Megan provided excellent service and was a pleasure to deal with.  Thai pizza, no longer on the menu, was still available and was delicious.  The Mediterranean appetizer was excellent, the asparagus with balsamic and almonds was outstanding, and the portions were generous.  Great food, the only beef is that they were out of several beers due to being in the process of moving.  Sometimes the garlic at Sammy's can be overwhelming, but tonight it was just fine!  Excellent dining for the whole family, reasonably priced (a bit higher than a typical family joint, tho) and a cool place to kick it with friends.
We love the Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad, wonderful flavors and always delicious, big enough for two. We always get the Cheesy Bread with it which is actually like a white cheese pizza, fabulous!  And if you go between 4 and 6 pm the appetizers are 1/2 price. We've been coming here for years and have always had good food and service. They have a sign on their front door that they will be moving to Green Valley Pkwy and Pebble Sept 26th. I would follow them anywhere!!!
Pulled up to this location yesterday, and besides what YELP, and even the signs in the shopping center say, this location is no longer open, and has moved to Pebble/Green Valley. They will be open in late September.
We went here for the first time tonight and it was an awesome choice! My husband and I both got pizza. It seemed like they had a little bit of everything on the menu. the pizza was amazing! Really unique flavor combinations, which I love! Not your mama's pizza! My husband said it was the best bbq chicken pizza he's had and he tries that almost anywhere we go! We were impressed and will definitely be back again and again...and again!
We are never going back! We ordered the crab cake. It was cold in the center. We also ordered the rachlette, bacon, potato pizza. There was no rachlette on the pizza. Potato was the dominate flavor on the pizza. The service was poor as well. We asked for a Bellini and we got champagne with peach schnapps inside.
Maybe its because I went here to eat a pizza and not save the rainforest or the cow that I enjoyed it!  (You have to wonder about some reviewers)

Been here several times and always enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and friendly servers.

Just need to make sure you never get a booth or a table near the restrooms.  If they try to seat you to the right as you walk in, refuse... The bathrooms are there and the chemical smell filters back in that area.  

Against the windows is excellent to see the kitchen the people and outside.  

I had the new York Pizza and my GF had a salad.  The pizza was crisp and spicy, yet flavorful.  Not the chemical spicy, but spice from the ingredients used.  I like that.  

 The salad was large, fresh and filled with what was promised..  Something you don't always see elsewhere.  

We both enjoyed the meal.  They were busy but did not rush you out the door once you got down to the last bites.  I liked that.  Able to sit and relax after the meal and enjoy the company.
I had the Margarita pizza, chopped chicken salad, and the crab & shrimp appetizer. I wish the appetizer would have come before our meal. The service was fine. The manager came to see how everything was, we told him great, except for the Trance Music which was playing too  loud in the background. That was irritating, not relaxing.
Ok, since they have moved to the new GV location, the service has been APPAULING. Personally, I've seen Sammy himself at the new store everytime I eat there and he needs to get on the ball with the servers (the new ones, not the old servers from the Sunset location).  I absolutely loved the servers from the old location, especially Megan!  Everytime I come in, she knows my order by memory and is an efficient server.  Now, I cannot believe the lack of professionalism from the new staff. Everytime I come during happy hour, once I receive the check,  the server forgets to take the discount off of the half off tapas... Every time. The are terrible with refills and more over, I have more personality in my left shoe than 80% of these girls. Please Sammy, get your shit together because Ive been coming here every week for years now I don't want to come back!
Ok. Round 2 and the last round for me at this joke of an establishment. So from the get go, the wish-washy manager/host's confusion as to who to seat was an atrocity.   Next, it took 10 minutes after we sat down to even see our waiter. Now, I don't know about how the stations are ran/numbered, but 2 different times a runner or a manager would deliver food to which wasn't even ordered at our table.  The one time the runner just left the plate at the end of the table, left and asked the waiter who the food belonged too.  First of all, do the tables not have numbers on the receipts? The lack of professionalism AGAIN was disturbing. Now finally, we come to the check, where the half off happy hour tapas were YET AGAIN not marked down.  The service here has finally taken it's toll over the delicious food.  I'd rather make my own pb and j than endure the simpleton staff!
They accidentally put cow cheese on my pizza (which I am allergic to), but then they felt so bad they comped out whole meal for a party of 9. Super hospitable and accommodating! Thank you Sammie's crew.
I heard that this chain of restaurants is related to the overrated P.F. Chang's. Of course, this place is a lot cheaper, especially if you order take-out. I ordered their Soba -Miso Bowl, which were buckwheat noodles with red miso sauce, spinach, shiitake mushroom, cabbage, ginger, garlic, and scallion. It was alright for Americanized Asian food. I probably would not eat here again, unless friends of mine want to. I prefer the authentic stuff. Maybe their Chinese Chicken Salad would be good?
Updating my review since 2008 I have enjoyed Pei Wei several times more than 50. I really like the option of their rewards card. I never remember it but I can give them my phone number and they add my purchase. The 10th entree is free. So when you and your friends go every entree counts. Everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy a meal that not going to make you feel like you just tried to eat everything on the menu. However a couple or more could order a verity of dishes and everyone could have a nice taste and leave satisfied. The food was very tasty. It is a little above the rim for fast food but well worth it. This company is owned by PT Chang's; I wonder if I can use my rewards card there?
We used to eat here quite often (2-3x per month), and have tried just about everything on the menu.  Lately the dishes have just not been as tasty.  Also, tonight when we went there, the portion sizes actually got smaller.  When 2 people are eating for $18.xx, I expect to have enough food to fill me up.  

We are both active people, so we eat a fair amount, but we usually have leftovers unless we share a dish.  On this occasion, I left hungry after we shared 2 dishes.  We asked the server about the portion size and he assured us "everything is weighed".  The part omitted, presumably, was "now we measure out less".  Another diner also complained about portion size while we were there.  This place is emptier every time we visit.  Doubt we'll go back again.  Sorry Pei Wei, seems like you have run your course.
Pei Wei is one of the best "fast" food/diner places to eat IMHO.  This place serves all quality Chinese/Japanese favorites in a fraction of the time it would take you at PF Changs.

You can get your food to go by using their online order or phone order service.  You can also sit down at a table and enjoy your meal.  They have a few great servers if you have any needs while dining in the restaurant.  Overall, this place is fantastic and I urge everyone to give them a shot.
If Pei Wei were to choose a new slogan, I would suggest "Great Portions, Bland Food". The service was nice, and the dining area was clean, but the food itself was quite forgettable for the price.
If you like P.F. Changs, you owe it to yourself to visit Pei Wei. Pei Wei is the faster, cheaper little sister of P.F. Changs. The Pei Wei Spicy with chicken  and P.F. Changs Chicken are practically identical.

When we decide to have Pei Wei for dinner, nine times out of ten I pick my order up to eat at home. I love the convenience Pei Wei offers for take out. First off, you can order online. I love ordering food online, I never have to worry if the person on the other end of the line heard my order properly.  

When I do call in my orders, as soon as I give the Pei Wei employee my phone number, they know what I want to order, as they track past orders. This saves me time, as we almost always order the same dishes. Pei Wei also recently started a repeat customer reward program, where you get a free meal after you buy 10. Makes a good deal even better!

I am a big fan of the Lettuce Wraps, the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad, and the fact that they give you a choice of white or brown rice.
I know this is a chain Chinese place, but it is very good and quick.  Ive had multiple dishes and all are very tasty.  Iv'e also introduced my friends who I moved here with from Chicago and they enjoy it just as much.  Always made fresh, good tasting, and the people have always been friendly at this location.  Enjoy.
I'm the kind of guy who once I find something I like to eat at a particular place, I rarely deviate from it.  So with that in mind, the 3 things that I order are #1 spicy Korean with chicken and white rice,. #2 lo mein noodles with beef. #3 Mongolian beef with fried rice(#3 is my girlfriend's dish, but I like it). I have tried a few other dishes but they are just too salty or too heavily breaded . Loved the convenience of their automated system of remembering my previous orders based on my phone number! They just recently added an online ordering system and a loyalty card where you buy 10 en trees, you get the 11th free. Love the convenience, price, and taste of Pei Wei! I eat there so much a friend's little 4 year old girl calls me Pei Wei.
Had the Thai Chicken Coconut Curry with brown rice and it was very tasty. Also try the Mandarin Orange Green Iced Tea. Very clean and fast...
Pei Wei is fast, delicious, and great for groups.  Think about it.  The worst part about dining with a bunch of people is the awkwardness of splitting the check.  Here, you pay right when you order.  Everyone can get their own food and you can sit down and enjoy.  That being said, I don't think I've eaten in Pei Wei in a while.  I usually do take-out because they are pretty fast.  My wife loves the Chicken Pad Thai.  It is the only thing she eats at Pei Wei and I have to admit, it is pretty delicious.  The Lettuce Wraps are great as are the Crab Cheese Wontons.  A friend of mine told me to get the Dan Dan Noodles because it would 'change my life'.  Glad I did!  Last night when I called to order they asked if I just wanted to repeat my order from last time.  Now, I understand they used my phone number and it showed my previous order but I still felt like a regular and I felt good about it.
This was yummy! I got the chicken chopped salad per the girls recommendation. Also the lettuce chicken wraps and hot n sour soup. The salad was fresh and fabulous, with plenty of won tons and dressing. The chicken wraps were great, and I actually had enough lettuce! It always seems at restaurants there is a lettuce shortage so I was pleasantly surprised.  I wasnt too big on the hot n sour soup, it was kinda gross, but truthfully, I'm not real huge on PF changs hot n sour either. So no harm no foul. It is close to my house and I think I will definitely be back to try some of the yummy dishes. 

Also, I walked in and ordered togo, it was so fast! :)
It's been years since I last set foot in a Pei Wei because honestly the last visit wasn't  a yummy one at all.  I thought the food was too salty and greasy.
So one night we had no idea what to eat (imagine that??) and Pei Wei's sign was just brighter than all the rest. I chose Japanese spicy  fried noodles and the BF chose Korean Short Ribs-for an appetizer we got an order of crab wontons.
My 3 stars are just for the cream cheese crab wontons-those suckers were gooooood and real crab is used-YUMMMY!!!!
I had to return my dish as it had no taste and was not spicy at all. The weird thing was no matter how much soy sauce I added there was still no freakin taste....
As a replacement I got Chicken Teriyaki and you know what? That was pretty good-the chicken breast chunks are all fried which added an interesting element to the dish. The BF liked his Korean Short Ribs but we both agreed that the star of the night was the crab cream cheese wontons!!!!
The service was great-when I explained that I wasn't happy with my food no questions were asked and without hesitation I was told to pick whatever I wanted instead.
I ordered the honey seared crispy chicken.  It was good; it was very good.  But the prices are way too high and the portions make me sad.
I really like this place. The atmosphere is comfortable and kind of new age Asian. The food was really good and the service was refreshing. I'm pretty sure this place would have gotten a 3 star if it wasn't for the Hostess/Cashier Maria. She was very nice and went along with our jokes. She also helped me decide what I wanted to eat which was very helpful.
I was so disappointed. I live on the other side of Vegas and going to Pei Wei was suppose to be a treat. But the veggies were old and wilted. My middle were mush. I won't be back. We got the pad Thai and orange beef. Both were terrible. The edename and crab wontons were good.
Excellent food.   Had honey seared chicken with fried rice.  Always good food everytime.
Just had the kung pau chicken!!! delicious and  fast service!!! love this place!!!
Good food and super fast service. Even at it's busiest times, you can get in and out pretty quickly. Good for takeout and dine in.

Even though this is a chain, it's a great choice for Asian-style food.
Oooh Pei Wei, how I've missed you! :( This place blows Panda Express out of the water! The food is scrumptious for semi-fast food, Asian cuisine. One thing is for sure, they have some pretty good quality napkins. :) And they don't even skimp on them like some Asian restaurants. You ask for more napkins, and they give you one more. Bleh!

Top picks:
Minced Chicken Lettuce Wraps
Thai Wonton Soup
Lo Mein Noodles (I like the tangy taste.)
Honey Seared Chicken
Thai Dynamite Chicken

Can someone please bring Pei Wei to the Bay Area? Pretty, pretty please?!
for a quick and tasty chinese "fast" meal, come to pei wei (a fast food version of pf changs).

their food is always consistent.  made to order, fresh, and usually tasty.

i've tried a lot on their menu and by far the best is always the mongolian beef (i wouldn't say its your typical mongolian beef - more on the sweeter side) and the lettuce wraps.  actually, i really love the mongolian beef - its the main dish that stands out most to me.  not a huge fan of a lot of the other things like the pad thai, honey seared chicken, thai wonton soup - bleh.

prices are reasonable, but can add up with little add ons like soup and egg rolls.  portions are good with each plate being more than enough for one person in my opinion.

ambience is really nice.  it doesn't feel like a fast food place.  will always go back if we are passing one by and in the mood for some chinese.
I think this is the worst Pei Wei I've been to.  The food was very bland and the whole restaurant was, for a lack of a better word... FILTHY.
What has happened to Pei Wei? My wife and like an occasional quick bite to eat and we like to stop by Pei Wei for the good food, good service, nice and friendly ambiance. Everything has gradually lowered to less than McDonalds service, facility, people.
To the point, store located at 1311 West Sunset Road, #120, Henderson, Nevada 89014 at 6:44PM on February 9th, 2011. The food smelled appetizing, and we placed our order. So far no problem, my wife proceeded to a table as I went to get straws, drinks, dinner wear like usual, but then no ice, no straws, no oranges, and two forks. I only needed two forks so that was good. I took what I was able to get back to the table and sat for a while, returning to get ice and drinks, still no ice, no straws, no oranges. Back to the table, I wanted to tell someone, I looked around and noticed a lot of discontent in the room, the person behind the cash register was playing with his hand held phone. One of the cooks had a heavy green wool jacket on, (what's with that). Finally the food was on its way, I noticed it as the young lady went to table to table to try to figure out who ordered the plate. Our number was 40, but it wasn't on the order so she had to hunt. We asked for extra sauce on our Mongolian Style, instead we received less. The mushrooms were cold. It has to be the management, the others in town are really top notch.
unfinished dinner, by choice.  money not wisely spent. 

I am not a big fan of franchised or chain restaurants, and it's been a long while since I stepped foot on one of them, especially the ones that claim to be "authentic exotic so and so cuisine".  For me, they're all Americanized and bastardized cheap versions of the originals.  This is my first time at Pei Wei's. 

True enough, looks can be deceiving.  The interior and set up will make you feel you're dining at a fine or upscale Chinese gastro venue.  I went in, stopped by the cashier and ordered my food.  The food came and after the first bite, I realized the exact damn reason why I've never been to and tried Pei Wei's before. 

The soup was uber peppery hot and ultra vinegary sour, and texturally and un-appetizingly slimy.  There were few chunks of tofu, occasional ground meat, few strands of bamboo shoots all mixed up in what seemed to be originally egg drop soup but colored with dark soy sauce.  There was not a taste or even a hint of the earthiness of either straw or rat's ears' mushrooms.  Out of the whole bowl, I consumed half a cup.  Bleh!

The Mongolian Chicken Dinner was a disappointment,...at best! It came with a serving of brown rice.   It tasted more like a Sweet and Sour Chicken sans red food coloring, pineapple and red/yellow peppers. In place of the peppers and pineapple chunks were quartered button mushroom and scallions simply cut in half, and again possibly colored by dark soy sauce.   The sauce was watery and the chicken meat's texture was suspiciously weird.  It didn't taste like chicken at all. It was silky soft and didn't need chewing and felt like it melted in my mouth.  It actually made me wonder if it was chicken.  Scary thought!

Need I say more?
Chinese / Thai food in Vegas has not been good for my family and I. We've tried local places here in Henderson only to be disappointed again and again. Peiwei is the only place we've kept going back to because at least being a chain, they offer a consistent level of quality and you know what you're going to get. And until I get advice from the Yelp community on local places to check out, this will hold me over. 

Honey Seared Chicken with Fried Rice and Kung Pao Chicken always seem to wind up on the online ordering check list. Just tonight I tried their Thai Basil Chicken which was very good. My 2 year old likes the Kids LoMein as well. When you place an online order you can pay in advance, saving you a hassle when you get there. They also quote you a time for pickup online, and they have never missed it. 

Parking at this location can be tight. And the space to stand inside to pick up your order can get filled up during prime time like it was this evening. 

I don't always order appetizers from here. I like the potstickers / Gyoza at Teriyaki Madness so I will drive over there and pick some up before taking it all home. Service is always friendly, the containers are strong and hold up for carry out quite well, and with large orders they know how to pack to go bags high and tight making carryout easy. 

Since Yelp's check-in feature seems to be having issues this is based on a visit to this location at 5:35 pm on 03/29/12.
Pei Wei is fitting for the diner longing for a meal between fast food and casual dining. Their $6.25 low fare menu plus a drink will bring the cost of a meal to around $9.75 before a tip. That is what I expect to pay. 

   Pei Wei does not serve ordinary Chinese food. They serve food from China, Japan, Thailand, Korea, and Vietnam. In my case I was unfamiliar with the menu items, excluding rice and won ton soup. Ordering was trial and error.

   Their Low Fare dinner selects menu, starting at $6.25 makes me a fan. It includes an entree, side, and white or steamed rice. The entree choices are Kung Pao, Pei Wei Spicy (chicken or vegetable and tufu is $6.25, steak is $6.75, and shrimp is $7.25), Teriyaki Honey Seared, and Mongolian. The side choices are a spring roll, cup of soup, or Asian slaw.

  I was satisfied with the chicken Pei Wei. It was quality that I expect from their parent company P.F. Chengs. And the won ton soup is delicious. 

  If this is your first time at Pei Wei Asian Diner, you will order off a menu up front at the time that you pay. They will give you a number and glass if you are drinking a beverage (they also have tea). A server will bring your food to your table. Sit back and enjoy your food.
Delicioso!! This was the 1st time I had been to this location & 1st time my husband had ever had Pei Wei. 
This location is much bigger & brighter than the one on Eastern. I like it.
My fave dish is Kung Pao chx ordered extra spicey :) yes they can do that. 
wonton soup is yummy too.. lett wraps very flavorful, not too big of a fan of their fried rice. Taste like too much soy sauce.
LOVE the fresh veggies used in each dish.
Will choose Pei Wei for chinese every time :)
As the discount little brother of PF Changs I think they do a pretty good job on getting a few meal choices out to the table hot in a timely manner.
Although since the expansion of their menu and addition of about 15 new items I feel quality has suffered. 
(The Thai cream coconut sauce is like cream O mushroom soup from a can)
But as stated above the expectation should be of that inline with Panda Express as the price range is fairly close to that mark.

The higher percentage of their rice and noodle bowls are a good value and are served hot and fast. They have some kids items now as well.

Its decent Asian "fast" cuisine and they do have some healthy options which rewards them an additional star.
Just set your expectations accordingly and PW will be a good lunch dining experience.
My daughter loves the honey chicken. Wish there were some healthier options.
Westernized Asian  food with a bit of a modern american spin. That is my impression of Pei Wei Asian Diner. The food is certainly tasty enough, and has earned my business on several occasions. If you're like me and like to know what type of asian food you're eating, this is "pan-asian", although it largely resembles amercanized chinese food reinterpreted in much the same way taco-bell is a dramatic reinterpretation of Mexican food-- which is to say that it isn't authentic at all but it isn't necessarily bad. A previous reviewer described them as "the discount little brother of PF Changs". I would absolutely agree-- your food will come out a bit faster and is probably a little bit lighter in portion size than at Changs.

I've had several dishes including various combinations of crispy noodles, sweet sauce, spicy vegetables and so on. I once had a sweet and sour chicken salad that was interesting. It's the sort of place you might find yourself craving at the end of a long day of studying. You can always call ahead and pick it up to go. Dining there isn't particularly enjoyable-- service is ok. My problem, as a moderate food snob, is that if I am craving excellent korean bbq or real thai curry, I know that I simply cannot find that here. If you want the real thing and nothing else will do, then this place will not do. That's not to say that I am against this establishment-- it's perfectly good food that has a certain flavor to it that is not replicated by the authentic places. After all, if you are craving Pizza Hut, it's not traditional neopolitan pizza that you want-- it's frickin Pizza Hut you want. So come here if you wish, try em out-- you might become a Pei Wei fan, which would be convenient because you can find this chain all over the country.
Had dinner here last night. It's was ok. Not what I expected. Semi cafeteria type service.
First, let me say I love me some Pei Wei. I highly recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and Boyfriend likes the Teriyaki Rice Bowl. Technically, I believe each container has two servings in it, so you're getting a good amount of food, which is excellent, since it's pretty darn cheap. Also, online ordering is my favorite.

Now, I had never been to this particular location before (I frequent the one on Eastern, which is awesome), but we had an errand to run in the area, so I ordered online to pick up at this location. I arrived 5 minutes early and gave the girl at the counter my name. She said it would be just a minute. I ended up waiting 20 minutes, watched not one, but two walk-in customers order and RECEIVE their food and saw another person pick up their online order. Apparently, since I was sitting down next to the door, the counter girl thought I left. I stood up and see my food sitting behind the register. I saw her make the connection and asked her how long the food had been sitting there. She apologized, kinda, and sent me on my way. Who knows how long I'd have been waiting had I not gotten her attention.

Seems to me that a restaurant should be committed to getting customers their food when they say they will. I'll be sure to avoid this location in the future and I recommend you do the same.
If you've ever eaten at a PF Changs, then the best way to describe this place is a Mini PF Changs with a hint of Pick Up Stix.  Most call this place your Fast Food PF Changs.  The obvious difference compared to a PF Changs, is the price, portions, and selections.  But the food taste similar.  

-Lettuce Wraps:  Never been a favorite of mine, but always a favorite with most.  

-Orange Peel Chicken:  This is basically the only thing I get here.  I usually get it with brown rice.  The sauce is heavy and is the reason I ask for it on the side.  You can also ask to cut down a bit on the sauce. 

-Fried Wontons:  Just like a Pick Up Stix.

This restaurant can get a bit busy during lunch time on the weekdays.  Pretty dead on the weekends each time I visited.  Service is good and your food is brought to your table. Never a bad feel from either the food or their service.  Yah! I'm a fan.
Not a huge selection but what they do have, they do well. Pei Wei is just a fancy Panda Express. The food is much better but the prices are triple what you would pay at a fast food place. If you're in the mood for decent Chinese food and don't have the time to spend in a Chinese restaurant, Pei Wei is the place to go. Good food but a bit on the pricy side.
been here in a longggggggggggggggggg time!
This is a nice place to go eat, if you want to eat out and not spend a lot of money.  A lot of there dishes are between $6.95 to $9.95  I think all of them have some veggies in them, so your meat, rice or chow mein and your meat.  I I'm trying to watch my waisteline, so I only ate 1/3 of mine, and I also got some edemame.'pretty quiet here, no music playing, not a lot of people, so it was very nice.  I would recommend this Pei Wei.  It's better than fast food.
I constantly hear that this place is similar to PF Changs. I disagree, I think this food is average at best. Its not the worst food I have ever eaten but is far from the best. I had the orange peel chicken with brown rice, The rice tasted a little overdone and the chicken was mediocre. This place sums up another average Asian place.
Pei Wei falls into the "you know what you're going to get" section of my dining life. It is good, quick, tasty food at a reasonable price. It is a great place to grab a quick meal. Speaking of quick, sometimes my food comes out to my table before I am done getting myself a self serve drink. They don't waste any time. I am particularly fond of their noodle dishes recently which come in a huge bowl and are usually enough for two meals for me.
If you can't afford Pei Wei's big brother P.F. Chang's, but still want similar food, then you're at the right place. 

I always order cream cheese wontons, Diner Select Mongolian beef with fried rice and a drink. For the entree and a drink, expect to pay around $10/pp. It's not horribly expensive, yet it's not fast food cheap. The wontons are always consistent and good. Lately the Mongolian beef comes out SO dang salty that I have to return it to the kitchen for a re-do. Of course it's perfect the second time around but it's annoying when I have to wait for my new dish. The fried rice is always decent, no complaints there. 

The restaurant is tidy and the bussers are on top of cleaning up the tables. The soda fountain & tea is self-service so you can go up and get unlimited refills. If you ask nicely the cashier will even give you a cup to-go if you so desire. The chili and mustard sauce, fortune cookies, silverware and to-go containers are all located in this area. 

I go here for take out a lot. Call in at least 15 minutes ahead of your arrival and they'll have your order ready to go- including chopsticks, soy sauce, fortune cookies, etc.

Sign-up for Pei Wei's online email club. You'll receive discounts and some free goodies on your birthday.
Pei wei! The closes thing to thai I can get my husband to eat. We get the same thing all the time, everytime=pad thai with tofu. It comes out in a HUGE steaming bowl of deliciousness. You dress it up how you like (hot sauce, lime etc all available on the side next to the soda machine). 

And finish off the meal for under 7 each. Though, it usually becomes my lunch for the next day too. Servings are HUGE

The service is courteous and prompt....Ill be back
A cross between PF CHANGS and that panda place, Pei Wei is PF Chang's casual dining. With many of the same or similar items including those awesome lettuce wraps, Pei Wei is perfect for those who want the PF Changs feel at a much lower price.  The portions are similarly sized and they have the trademark mustard and spicy red sauce for mixing.  The menu is a bit more limited and most of the more creative dishes are left off the menu but the food is good and the service was quick.

I would like it a little better if the seating was more comfortable.  Also, only some of the tables had napkins.  Further, you have to get your own silverware which always creeps me out a bit as I don't know who touched them before I did.  So I opted for the wrapped chop sticks :)
Yawn.... This place used to be amazing. Now over priced like PF Changs. Won't be back.
Normally I like Pei Wei (it's the predictable "faster food" second channel of PF Chang, and the recipes are fresh, flavorful and fast.)  Unfortunately, this location kind of sucks.  Most of the tables in the place were either dirty or had been left half-bussed.  Clean plates and napkins weren't on the tables ready to go like they usually are at Pei Weis.  And my dinner companion for some reason got an entree that was about half the size of everyone else's.  Overall we just got the feeling it wasn't well managed.  Unless this location is within walking distance of your place, try the one on South Eastern Avenue going into Anthem - it's always clean and efficient.
Just ate at this Pei Wei location for the first time tonight and I was impressed! 

Was spotless, service was prompt and the food was flavorful and fresh. 

No need to go into details as its all been stated below and most people know what they will get on the menu at a Pei Wei. It's PF Changs faster, cheaper and more casual sibling. I love the spicy Thai chicken wraps & the caramel chicken signature dish. The caramel chicken is spicy and reminds me of the classic General Tso plate at Chinese restaurants. The crab dumplings are also delicious as are the pork egg rolls. I also like the Asian beer selection. 

The manager at this location is doing a great job. The place was busy, the phone was ringing off the hook and the line was 5 - 6 deep most of the time and yet they still pumped out some damn good food with attentive service. 

Will stop back when I am on this side of town.
Ok let's start out with complete honesty.. I had no intentions of dining at Pei Wei's Asian diner. I was realllly in the mood for Chipotle but..  walking inside the place was like running head first into a mashpit of teenaged kids and people everywhere.
    I hate lines....but honestly who doesn't 

So on to Pei Wei, As I walked in I was slightly confused. Nobody was there to great you or really inform you what to do. Luckily bright menus and and well places signs easily show you the yellow brick road to the dine in desk!
Once I figured out that chicken lo mein was on the menu it was no question... And who am I to say no to a side of chicken egg rolls! My bill was about $10 which is solid in my opinion for a dinner with a side!
My egg rolls came out 1st, the mustard was good but I like my mine very spicy so I immediately asked for some chile paste  and all was right in the world! The egg rolls had a great crunch and almost tasted like the Thai dish Pia thai (spelling don't judge me on on my phone) I loved them! For these alone I would toss out 4 stars !!!
Then my lo mien chicken came out shorty after and wow! The array of mushrooms and the chicken cooked to perfection was simply amazing!  It had such A great taste and texture I had no choice but to finish it all! 
Over all I will be going back to Pei Wei's the egg rolls were amazing and It will be hard to try something new because bothe my orders were great!
This place is so good I went by here a couple times but I never been inside and then I read the reviews and it said if you like PF change you would like this place and PF change is okay but you have to really know what to order.. So I pretty much read the reviews  and then I decided on getting something else I didn't even go to his place but then yesterday I was like let me just go and just see for myself  "OMG" I am so glad I went the food is so fresh!! Way better than Panda Express and the fried rice is so good I will be back this was a good place a good choice try it out if you like panda express you would love this place!! Fresh food order it and they will cook it The food is not sit in trays this to be warmed up by water and heat this food is prepared and fresh!!
This was my first Pei Wei experience, and was a spontaneous choice. The location was clean but the tables did not have plates or napkins. This is cafeteria-style dining with above cafeteria quality food (ie: Panda Express). The food was good and fast, but look at the menu before going to this location. I would go back to try the noodles (they looked good). Not a destination dining choice in my opinion, but good none the less.
Well, this will teach me to check here first - 3 stars? I probably would have chosen a different place to have lunch. This is my first Pei Wei experience, and even before the food gets here, I know I won't be back, at least, not to this location. The man taking my order at the counter was just downright rude when I asked about the spiciness of the pad thai. I thought it was a reasonable question, one I've asked a gazillion times in a bazillon restaurants. He launched into a tirade about not knowing other people's taste buds, the spiciness not being adjustable, etc. and I finally had to cut him off with "I gotcha" just to shut him up. Rude, rude, rude. Not acceptable to me. I'm really hoping the food is good. At least, there's that. And yes, I ordered the pad thai. For now, they get 2 stars because it smells good in here. I'll update the review after I've eaten.

Updated review of food: fairly tasty, ingredients fresh, slices of tofu kind of weird (I eat a lot of tofu but have never had this kind with with dark edges), sauce much oilier than other pad thais I've had, and my taste buds would call it medium spicy. Would I order it again? Probably not - too much oil for my liking. I might try something else on the menu but as I already mentioned, not at this location.

Keeping the 2 stars.
Great location and pretty close to my house. I am used to going to one in Arizona that will always get a four or five star rating from me, but using that logic doesn't usually pan out.

So, I ordered the pad Thai with chicken. Noodles were undercooked, chicken was fine. I took out all the chicken myself and asked for another plate of noodles because they were under. Cashier/person at the register was apologetic. 10 minutes later, came the second batch. . .

 Exactly the same. 

At this point I just gave up and left. 
There were so many employees running around;  obviously no method to their madness. 
I will not be going back.
I went here for lunch today expecting a pleasant stay. But when I walked in, the ambiance was kind of depressing. The waitresses/ waiters didn't seem happy to be there. At all. 

The food was pretty good. But the wait for the food was terrible. I waited for 25 minutes for food while people around us (who came about 15-20 minutes after us) were being served. 

Personally, I wouldn't come back. I have experienced better at the Pei Wei off of West Charleston. Being a regular there, I see much more pleasant employees, ones who ask how your day is going and makes sure if what you ordered is up to your expectations. I don't enjoy giving negative reviews, but this is how I truly feel. 

Thank you.
Delicious!!! Same owners as pf changs but w half the cost! Everything was to die for! Even their soda machine was awesome,, it's had over 80 options! Great yesterday and great prices. Great for lunch or quick dinner.
We first had Pei Wei in Miami, I was surprised to see it here, but was glad they finally made it to the valley. The food served beats anything from Panda express, the chicken is always cooked perfectly, all in all a good chinese fast food place.
Why do people go down to Spring Mountain to eat Asian stuff down there?? This stuff kicks that craps ass!!!  It might be more Americanized but its a hell of a lot better. I had the Chili and Lime Shrimp and it was delicious. Best "Asian Inspired" meal I've had in awhile.
First time experiencing Pei Wei.  Found it to be overpriced and underwhelming.  Everything was just this side of overcooked, not particularly special, not particularly appetizing.  

Won't be returning.
Had another wonderful encounter here.  Never had a bad one!  The place has always been spotlessly clean.  Management sees the customer trends and adapts accordingly.  For instance there are now smaller portions to the entrees and the new Coca-Cola soda machines with the billion+ flavor combos.  I ordered just the 2-piece crab wontons (stuffed with the good crab and lots of it!) and a small Mongolian Beef.  One of the best Mongolian sauces I've had!  I noticed they don't have fortune cookies out at the condiment station but I can only assume that would be due to selfish customers grabbing 1 for each person in their entire extended family.
Great place, I ALWAYS recommend this as the cheaper alternative to P.F. Chang's but with the same quality food!
As always no disappointments. The food is amazing and very tasty and fresh. My family loves this place , it's our favorite
Frankly I love this place it is all about fresh and quick in and out! The orange chicken is my fav here but Kung pao is pretty darned tempting too!
We usually love to come here for a tasty low key family meal. We have not been in in a few weeks and are sadly surprised with both the menu changes and flavor of our favorite dishes.
My Dandan noodles were oddly tasteless and had none of the usual spice to them. The Mongolian beef, chicken teriyaki and lettuce wraps were equally disappointing. 
The chicken in the teriyaki bowl resembled the flavor Mc Donalds nuggets with some sauce dumped on it.
The Mongolian beef was overly sweet and the sauces for both the dandan noodles and lettuce wraps almost tasted watered down. 
Please bring back the flavors we love.
This is my first time trying this place.  Love it. I use don't care for Asian food, but I will definitely be coming back.
Fast great food. Amazing friendly staff. Delicious cookies! Will return and recommend.
A little local owned joint, with excellent service and consistently good food.  I've been going to this place for over three years when I need my pasta fix.  I fancy their Penne alla Vodka, add chicken and fresh steamed broccoli.  Everyone I've turned on to this place raves about it and tells their friends who tell their friends and they all love it too.  I once joked to the owner about how I'd be a bigger girl if I kept delighting in his pasta, he offered to make my favorite dish with whole wheat pasta to make it slightly more health conscious.  He meant it too!  I've since ordered it several times this way.  Pizzas, pastas, and salads... dine in or take out always 5 stars in quality and service.
This was my high school hangout. That is, before they closed the campus because of some punk @$$ kids getting into trouble on lunchbreak. How much trouble can you cause in forty five minutes, honestly? Regardless, the food is great, but the incredibly friendly owner (who is present everyday) and the small style of the restaurant give the oterhwise typical Italian/pizza joint distinction. Steve is the big guy who is always around, and willing to chat up a storm in his thick New York accent and on occasion is known to offer free desserts. The pizza is crispy and cheesy, not like the overly doughy chains that surround Buon Gusto. The lunch special, if it's still offered is two slices a drink and a salad for around six bucks. Pretty good deal for lunch on the go! If you have the extra time, you can take a seat in the back and have a server bring your food out, but it seems silly when you can just yell "Hey Steve, I'll have the special!" Buon Gusto is student friendly, family friendly, and overall friendly, and if you go more than once, I almost guarantee they'll remember your name and treat you like a regular.

Recommended pizza: Cheese. It is so good, it doesn't need any toppings. Get a Caesar salad too if you plan on sitting and hanging out.
We first ate here a few months ago.  The pasta and veal dishes were OK, but not spectacular.  Then last night I had a really strong craving for pizza.  But except for Settebello (which does a very crispy crust with minimal toppings), we have hated all the local pizza places, especially the chains.  I remembered that Buon Gusto also made pizza, so I called in an order of our traditional toppings:  sausage, mushrooms, and onions.  Oh, my goodness, did that HIT THE SPOT.  The crust was New York style (thin, but chewy) and the toppings were REAL.  Yes, Virgina, someone makes a pizza here in suburbia that is not canned and processed.  The pizza sauce was fresh, but not overwhelming.  And we were eating this pie after a 15 minute trip in the car!  I imagine that eating it inhouse (as we prefer to eat all our pizzas) can only be better.  I have to stop talking about this now or I will want to order another one right away.
I love this place.  It is tiny, cozy, and casual.  The service is always warm and friendly.  The food is outstanding and priced relatively well.  The salads that come with the meals are amazing.  I've tried several of the veal and chicken dishes and I've loved them all.  

I recommend going here for sure.
Why oh why can ONLY 5 stars be given????? Buon Gusto is the most amazing little gem in this city full of corporate sell outs and manufactured poor quality slop that other places try to pass off as edible. 

The food itself could earn 5 stars, the service and the staff, all are worthy of their own 5 star rating. I discovered this place during my pregnancy and I fell in love. For those of you that aren't aware, serving disgusting food to a pregnant woman is grounds to get your innards pulled out and handed to you. That night we had ordered take out from another Italian chain just down the road and they screwed up my chicken piccatta. So after tears, and brow beating my poor hubby we threw that in the trash and ventured out for one of my crazy cravings for that hour. Note to any good husbands who have been on the receiving end of such hormonal upheaval, it will cease and the monster who has possessed your wife will be evicted shortly after the baby is born. There is hope. 

Enter Buon Gusto, the heroes who may very well have saved Hubby's life and sanity at least for one evening. We walked in and the smell alone was worth bottling and selling. Whilst in the throes of pregnancy, smell and taste can either make or break your entire day. This my friends, made it. Oh Chicken Parmesan Sandwich how you changed my life, that very night. It was pretty much a religious awakening. Of course being the dainty, figure conscious little thing I am, I devoured my food and demanded to try Hubby's and my older son's as well. Heaven. 

This food could end wars, restore virginity, right all wrongs, find the Lindburg Baby, solve the Mystery of The Bermuda Triangle and . . . . . . . . be the mitigating factor in solving the National Deficit. 

Please go in and be prepared to be treated like family, eat with good people and most of all leave with a sense that your money wasn't wasted here. 

The only thing that they could possibly do to make it better you ask?????? Come to my house and cook, okay and do the dishes after =)
This place is Hendo/Green Valleys best kept secret! Oh my goodness. Its a special treat each time we eat here. Everything is so FRESH..including the bread they serve you while you are waiting for your meal. This is not regular dinner bread that most places serve. My boyfriend always gets the crab cakes..they come with some sort of amazing sauce on top..they are the best crab cakes I've ever had. The pasta is to die for..if only I could ever pass it up and try the pizza! 

The staff is always super friendly and nice, not common here in town. I can't recommend this place enough, just hope it doesnt catch on too much..there is not a lot of seating! ha
shhhh don't tell anyone about this place! Actually please do...Its all great...from momma behind the counter, comfortable, friendly, and incredibly professional yet casual service, and hefty portions of incredibly fresh and delicious classics that force you to over-order so you can take home a doggy bag...not much more to say other than that its our job to support quality local joints like this rather than the corporate-driven slop forced on us in the LV Valley.
i went here on the advice of a friend after i was complaining about how there was no pizza places that are like the ones back east that i loved. 

it is a small hole in the wall and has the atmosphere of a big city pizza parlor. i was told they even import the dough from NY. and it was true. although when i went i did not go for the pizza we had the pasta. the girl that was serving us even put up with all my questions and the owner was walking around striking up conversations with all the tables.

back to the pasta it was the best i have had in a while they make the sauce for each individual dish. so its not made in the morning and sits around all day.

far drive from the house but well worth it.

oh... dont forget to try the cannoli best i have had in vegas.
Best kept mom n' pop secret in Henderson!! I don't want you to go there, because I want to keep it for myself :). But make sure you go often so it stays open for all to enjoy!

I haven't had a dish I didn't like. The pizza is FANTASTIC! Nothing tastes canned or preserved. I heartily suggest "boo boo's baked spaghetti"... simply spaghetti marinara with a layer of melted cheese out of the oven, but to die for. 

It's a small dining room, but worth the cozy atmosphere. The employees always look happy to be there, and always willing to be of service. 

So glad I found this place :)
A real gem. All sauces are made onsite daily and are superb. You can't go wrong with any meal!
Most residents of Vegas wonder why anyone would ever eat out for Italian food.  Can you blame them?  The general impression is that  Vegas only has ridiculously expensive Italian restaurants on the strip and corporate Italian for the locals.  And the sauce at an Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill is only 1/2 a step up from the flavors found in a jar of pasta sauce at the grocery store.  

But look deeper my friend.  Just like the U.S. is a melting pot of international cultures, Vegas is a melting pot of relocated American cultures.  And one of those great culinary cultures is Italian-American.  

Buon Gusto is the classic east coast Italian restaurant.  It's cozy.  It's simple.  The menu items are delicious.  At it's best, Italian food consists of simple flavors.  But a great Italian cook knows that when those flavors come from fresh, quality produce and ingredients, there are few cuisines on the planet that can match Italian food.

Buon Gusto's pizza will cause you to over eat.  The crust is tasty and crispy, but not paper thin.  The sauce is just sweet enough without losing the tomato flavors and the options of fresh toppings are vast.  Our first time there, we had the veggie pizza and left with extra inches on our waists because we just couldn't stop eating it.  The next time we went, we had the Napa Valley White Pizza (white pizza with artichokes, tomatoes, onions. etc) and the Eggplant Pesto Pizza (white pizza with eggplant, roasted red peppers and tomatoes).  Even the pizzas without sauce are killer. 

But that's just the pizza.  The pasta is equally outstanding.  The sauces make the dish and Buon Gusto makes their sauces fresh daily.  We had the Vodka cream sauce and the marinara and both were rich and so tasty that we kept sopping our bread in the sauce after the pasta was gone.  

I'll admit that I was one of those people that spent most of my life wondering why people would order out for Italian.  Buon Gusto is the answer.  A marinara sauce may be simple, but when it's made fresh that day, by people who care about its quality, it's amazing.  Just writing this review makes me want to drive across town and have dinner there.
We just ate at this restaurant based on the recommendation from other yelpers.. It was amazing service was great and the food was delicious... Excellent home cooked Italian food... 

Its moderately priced but you get a lot of food for what you pay for. The portions are large and it comes with  soup or salad. The bread came out hot and fresh... 

We for sure will be visiting this place more often now that we found it..
This little place is so great!  In a strip mall, next to a shoe repair place, and the restaurant has about 5 tables. Excellent food, excellent service, great chianti; need I say more?
I finally have gotten around to writing a review for this place.  I love it here.  It's a very east coast, non-corporate type of place.  When someone wants to go out to eat and are visiting my at my place, I take them here.  At first, I was addicted to the Sicilian eggplant then I tried the sausage and mushroom rigatoni.  I don't think I've gotten anything else since.  This is so much so that when I stumbled in there yesterday evening, Steve says, "You look like you woke up this morning and wanted the rigatoni."  The man knows me too well.  Normally, I get the salad (which is excellent), but this past time I decided to try the Italian wedding soup.  Not bad.  The artichoke appetizer was great as well as Cabernet. I think I've eaten the entire loaf of bread with the garlic, olive oil, and vinegar every time I've gone in there. While it may not be my favorite cannoli in Vegas, it still is pretty good.  Actually, everything I've had here is good.

I've had a few people ask me what is the restaurant that I go to the most-- this is it.  Is this the best restaurant in Vegas? No.  Is this my favorite restaurant in Vegas? Yes. There is just something about this place that feels like home.  That in itself is a feat not to be scoffed at.
I tried the meat raviloi's  and cheesy garlic bread. The cheesy garlic bread was crunchy and had a nice taste, but i feel it should have been complimentary. The ravioli sauce had a nice strong taste and the ravioli were cooked to a good texture. I will come back.
Oh so good..!  I highly recommend the Chicken Marsala with a side of Fettuccine Alfredo (for which there will be an upcharge).. That was the only turn-off - chicken entrees with no side unless you pay extra..
Buon gusto is what every other Italian restaurant in the valley wishes they could be. Everything about this joint screams old school New York style Italian. Buon Gusto meets every requirement for a five star review. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is homey and unpretentious, and the food is the best Italian I've found in Vegas.  Whether your in the mood for pizza or pasta Buon Gusto is your one stop shop for all things Italian.
This little Italian restaurant is wonderful. I've had so many great lunches and dinners here and the food is exactly what you would expect when you have that craving for saucy Italian food. I think they probably make the best tiramisu I've ever tasted. 

I've ordered from their catering menu for a few parties and have never been disappointed. The prices and quantities were excellent and you can't go wrong with a tray of tiramisu for dessert.
Sooo... On the great reviews of my fellow yelpers we went out and tried this place! Thanks people! We happen to be locals in the area and have never been here.  So glad we did!

Buon Gusto is like your typical Italian eatery in New York.  Looked much like a pizzeria, however, with a dining room that extended a bit back.  The wait was not bad and when we were seated - the servers were attentive.

I ordered the Gnocchi w Tomato Cream sauce and Geo had the Chicken Alfredo. Wow! Both dishes were fantastic!  We also had the Antipasto for an appetizer - too much food for me as a salad came with our meal.  Still, I have to say that it was so fresh that I did not mind eating salad twice. 

With all the great choices on the menu from hot sandwiches to perfect pastas to fish entrees... we will definitely be back!  Next time we want to try their lunch specials.  The flavorful food compensates for the lack of pizzazz you would normally seek in a restaurant outing.

We are grateful to have found a great local spot!  I will highly recommend that you come and try it out even if you do not live in Henderson.

I am sure that Dominic, the owner, would love to have ya! 

Buona Salute!

your constant companion,

~deirdra
Found this place on Yelp by accident and what a happy accident it was!  Arrived around 7:30 on a Friday night and there was a very short wait. We waited in the front by where they make pizzas and that was interesting to watch - also looked delish.  We got the last table in the back which was very cozy, warm bread with olive oil and vinegar to dip,  Waiter Dave Z was delightful and joked with us throughout the meal, as well as being very attentive.  Wine all around - now we were set to read the menu.

I had the Chef's signature eggplant and it was outstanding.  My husband had the penne pasta with broccoli and chicken, which was also excellent.  My friend had spaghetti with meatballs which was very good, too.  But my friend Coleen had the sausage and mushroom rigatoni which was out of this world.  All the portions were heaping and I was amazed to see her all but finish it - I have NEVER seen her eat that much!!  She's an awesome cook in her own right and could not stop saying how incredible this dish was.

The owner came over and shared some of his thoughts and stories about his business - this was truly like having dinner with an extended family.  We are sad that this place is over 2 hours from home but we plan to stop in each time we have to visit Vegas.  Had no room for cannoli so we took one home and shared it for breakfast.  Yummmmmmm.

Here's the hard part - I easily give this place 5 stars and that's uncommon for me.  Usually something about the restaurant turns me off or isn't what I thought it should be.  Not Buon Gusto.  And if I give it 5 stars then I'll have a longer wait next time I go because all of you want to try it, too.  Hmmmmm.  My karma would be all FUBAR if I gave this place anything less than a five - so have at it!
This place has the best Italian food I have had in the Las Vegas area so far. Over the past six years I have eaten at so many Italian restaurants out here and somehow this little cafe evaded me. On a chance encounter (I was going to try another joint called "Bratalian" a block away but they had closed for dinner) I found this place thanks to Yelp and boy was I impressed. 

To start I ordered a Calamari appetizer which was second to none as I order Calamari everywhere that has it. I then had a slice of cheese pizza which was superb, and the salad was very fresh with some black olives, a slice of artichoke heart, and a pepper. I also tried the Penne e Broccoli Chicken, a noodle, chicken, and broccoli dish as the name implies. 

I paid maybe twenty-five dollars and took home most of the entree as I was completely stuffed. For the prices this is the best Italian food you can find in Vegas in my honest opinion. Two can dine here for under thirty dollars tip included and still take some food home. 

Keep this place at 5 stars please as it deserves it!
Can't believe the pasta's clams is from the Can food & Italian restaurant doesn't serve "capuchino" !!
Awesome!  Da Best,

Outside decor -  how can a strip mall restaurant be good?

Inside Decor - cozy quaint and a feeling of total perfection like you are in little Italy in the big apple. 

Service -  just like any really good and busy restaurant,  the service is just right. 

Food - had the house merlot it was wonderful. Had the calamari flakey and tender. Lasagna hot and tasty. Nice size too. Shrimp diavalo just wonderful per my friend who is an Italian from New York. The chicken Buon Gusto, which is a signature dish and it is sliced chicken breast with a bunch of fresh vegetables. Absolutely top class. Having been to Italy and new York several times I would say that this family style place is the place to go. 

Come back factor -  what diet?  I completely ignored it yesterday and will be forgetting it in the future!

Go there and be prepared for a wait if it is busy!  Go NOW!
I just don't get it.  The food is terrible and way overpriced.
My buddies and I found this place on yelp, and it was GREAT!  I've eaten there probably 4 or 5 times now...after eating there for the first time less than a month ago.  The food is absolutely amazing...amazing.  The servers are really nice and seem to be genuine and not just tip-fishing.  (If they are, they mask it well...ha ha.)  The only time they ever made any mistakes, it was a big one.  But they handled it with grace and class.  And they paid for our dessert.  Definitely go here!  You will not be disappointed!
It was a friendly place. The service was good. The servings were large. The place was not a Strip restaurant for atmosphere but it serves good food. The atmosphere was neighborhood type. So was the price.The chicken breast Marsala was very well done and the portion substantial. The side dish of penne with fried garlic and olive oil could stand alone. The salad was fresh and nice but nothing exceptional. The bread was very good and served warm. My 3 guests had sausage & mushroom rigatoni, chicken parmigiana, and linguini del mare. They were all good  tho' not outstanding. The teramisu was outstanding, however. Overall, the quality of food is comparable to Nora's and Pasta Shop Restaurant, and better than Gina's Bistro. You also get more for your money. I would recommend it.
Just superb.  A hole in the wall gem that is for real Italian. Don't let its location in a shopping center put you off...once in the door, you are in southern Italy.  We frequently drive I-15 from LA. While scanning dinner options we stumbled across Buon Gusto.  Sounded easy enough to find, so we ventured off the highway and are so glad we did.  What a find!  Great, friendly staff and excellent down home southern Italian. Portions are large enough to take half for lunch tomorrow.  We highly recommend it!
Loved this place! a new neighborhood favorite wow Delish.
My favorite little homey Italian joint. Only a few tables, but every things good. I like most of the veal, and the sausage mushroom rigatoni is their star. Pizza isn't perfect, and soups lack some authenticity, but service is warm and welcoming. 

We go at least once a month, it's just too cozy not too. Sometimes you can find coupons in the little direct mail coupon books.
I love this little family run italian place.  They have some of the best italian food in town.  The chicken millanese (order it wet) is fantastic - you never need a knife.  Also try the pasta with Vodka sauce. Great little ambiance and friendly service.
My good friend grew up in New York City, and Buon Gusto is one of her favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. It didn't take much arm-twisting for her to convince me to try it out for dinner on a recent Friday evening. 

The owners hail from Brooklyn and serve up excellent food at fair prices. It's a smaller restaurant, complete with memorabilia from NYC all over the walls. When we arrived it was packed with another party waiting to be seated. Sandi, one of the owners, was working as the hostess and she was great. Not only did she give us a pretty accurate idea of how long we would be waiting, she also came over to let us know when the party seated at the table we were going to be sitting at was done eating. 

Our waitress took our drink order and brought out some complementary warm bread and oil to dip it in. We had my friend's two children with her that were starving, so she ordered food for them while I continued to look over the menu. When their slices of pizza were ready, the other owner, Steve, brought them out to our table.

I ended up ordering the spaghetti and meatballs, my friend had the eggplant parmigiana, NY style. I was given the option to switch to whole wheat or gluten free pasta for an additional charge, I didn't do it but like that it was an option. Both entrees came with choice of soup or salad, I chose the salad with house dressing (made in house as all house dressings should be) and she had the soup which was Italian wedding soup. Both of these came out very quickly. The salad wasn't anything to write home about but it the veggies were fresh. 

We waited close to an hour from the time we ordered for our entrees to come out. Our waitress was very apologetic, which we appreciated, but she made the mistake of telling us our food should be out in "4 minutes" ( not "a few minutes" which would have made more sense) which of course did not happen. 

In the end, the food was worth the wait. The meatballs were excellent, and the portion was massive. I would go back in a heartbeat, just going to make sure I don't have anywhere to be immediately afterward...
This place was introduced to me by my friend Gina. It looks like it would be a pickup and go kind of place cause it's so small, but there is dining inside and it's very quaint. Make a reservation, alot of regulars go here... 
Best calamari I've ever had and the owner is so friendly and interacts with the customers. Chicken Francaise (sp?) is "heavenly"!! Caesar dressing is authentic, which is hard to find-- (no brainer right?) Buon Gusto does everything right!!
My new fav spot for Italian! Huge portions, great prices and everything was delish. The pizza dough is shipped in from New York and stretched by hand.  I got it with big strips of proscuitto mmmm. 
Sausage mushroom rigatoni w tomato cream sauce was similar to what I've had at other places but at a fraction of the price. The calamari wasn't the best I've ever had as I read in other reviews but it was really tender and yum. 
Can't wait to go back to try other things from their menu.
Awesome, authentic & tasty Italian food! Best I've have had since moving here from Chicago 18 years ago!!! Delicious!!
First time diner, had take out because I can't get out right now. All I can say is wow! Really great Italian. Can't wait to try the pizza and the cheese steak. Give it a try.
Big tasty portions, homey feel, and great service!  We'll be back!
My friends offered to take me out for dinner for my birthday.  Based on the reviews for Buon Gusto, I chose this restaurant.  My husband was surprised, considering I could choose anything, even a casino steakhouse. But I love the idea of finding a "hidden jem", so I thought, okay if I'm wrong, it's my choice, it's my birthday.  
Buon Gusto was everything the reviews have said and more.  The pizza actually made me tear up because it was so much like the pizza I had in New York when I was little and my mom took me there to visit my grandparents in Brooklyn and I haven't had anything like that since.  The salad was so fresh, the dressing perfect. Bread with a light crunchy crust, cloud soft inside. 
We don't eat a lot of food at a time anymore, so the four of us split an antipasto, a medium cheese pizza and ala carte portions of rigatoni with sausage and Fettuchini Alfredo (okay, so I'm not a perfect speller).  All excellent, excellent, excellent.
In Hawaii, we have a saying "Sit long and talk much".  That is just what we did -- it was less busy than we feared, maybe because it was a Thursday, but we got there at 6:30 and were seated almost immediately.  The atmosphere is so comfortable and welcoming, it really is like you are visiting an Italian family in their home.  They make everything right in front of you, well-timed service and as heartfelt as it comes. All the staff connected with us at one time or another, in a genuine way. Smiles. Drink refills without asking.  I mean, how much better does hospitality get?
You don't have to dress up, you don't have to spend mucho bucks -- I really didn't think places like this existed anymore.
Go for excellent food, comfortable atmosphere, great people. The only reason why I gave it five stars is because you can't give them more! Such a nice birthday surprise! (and I got to be right, can't beat that!)
One of our favorite italian restaurants.  We've been coming here for years. 

Love the sausage rigatoni in cream sauce. 

Fresh bread to dip in the oil and balsamic while waiting for your food.

Always have enough pasta leftover for 1-2 meals.
YUMMY!!!!   Had an eggplant dish that was so good and the chicken masala was the best I've ever tasted.   The fresh bread was given with olive oil, garlic and balsamic for dipping.  Our server, Heather, was fun and friendly.  Great neighborhood atmosphere.   Definitely will be a go back.
We enjoyed an authentic New York Italian dinner at this small family owned  restaurant. Dinner began with hot, fresh french bread and soup or salad. The house dressing is great!. The fresh, homemade, red sauce was amazing!  We waited 20 minutes to get a table because it is so small and very busy. The delicious food more than made up for the wait. We ordered a meat pizza, white pizza, eggplant and baked ziti.  Portions are generous and the service was excellent. This would be a great place to order take out too!
I would never have found this place if my wife hadn't been craving Calamari.  We figured that if we were getting some apps we should go to a place we had never been. She started looking at Italian restaurants that were semi-close to where we live and Buon Gusto popped up.  The reviews were great so we headed on over.   I have driven past this restaurant a number of times and have never seen it.  This place is pretty nice.  It's very small, warm, and welcoming.  The Calamari was very lightly breaded and had the right amount of salt for seasoning.  My wife loved it and even though I'm not the biggest fan, I thought it was pretty great as well.  My wife ordered the Manicotti and it was some of the best I've ever had.  I had the Sicilian Style Eggplant which is baked and topped with Mozzerella cheese.  It was very good and there was a lot of it.  The waitress was great and the timing of the appetizer, salads, and entrees was perfect.  The owner was in the kitchen making pizzas and he was fun to watch and listen to.  I do wish that the food was a couple dollars cheaper for each entree but that won't stop me from going again.
Simply Amazing. Check the hours before you go. Well worth a try
Great to see a locally owned restaurant that's this good!  Servers are very friendly and welcome you as if you were dining at a friend's house.  This, in my opinion, is a must in any Italian restaurant.  So kudos to the owners for creating such a warm and inviting atmosphere.  Dinner menu is a bit pricey, but the crisp cold salads, piping hot delicious bread, and large portion sizes more than make up for it.  Oh and by the way, fight the temptation to dig right in for just a few seconds for fear of burning your tongue, because all the entrees come out hot!  Maybe the portion sizes could be cut to accommodate a better price point?  But, that's just me thinking aloud, I guess that's what their lunch/take-out menu is there for.  Overall I'd highly recommend Buon Gusto to anyone who enjoys a great Italian meal with plenty of left overs!  =^)
This place is amazing. Great food. Great service. Ok prices. Ok atmosphere. Try their pesto gnocci. It's amazing.
While I was eating my mouth was a bit surprised the flavor was great and the texture was spot on! I have just gotten so used to going out to eat at any Italian restaurant and the pasta simply isn't cooked to the perfect texture. Usually it's too soggy. Most places have good and interesting flavors but who does pasta perfect?
A friend of mine introduced me to this place a long time ago when we picked up a Bronx Bomber pizza to go and ate it watching football.  I remembered it as the best pizza I've had and have been bragging about it for a long time.  Since then, I've brought a few others and each time, all my friends were less than impressed but I attributed it to my overhyping the place.  I finally brought my family last night to refresh my memory and to use a gift certificate that one less-than-impressed friend had bought me as a joke for my birthday since I told him it was the best pizza.  We ordered the extra large Bronx Bomber, the linguine with clams, and a side of meatballs.  As much as I wanted to validate my past opinion, the food was really just average in my humble opinion.  You can tell the ingredients were fresh but the flavors were just so-so.  The pizza was ok, the linguine was better though my family thought it was a little bland and oily, but the meatballs were lacking (which surprised all of us since this is a very authentic Italian restaurant).  The service was great and the small little mom and pop atmosphere was very homey.  Would come back but will definitely not be hyping this place anymore as having the best pizza.
This place has some legit Italian food. Its got a nice cozy feeling to it, a real mom n pop kind of place. The food was really good and the Tiramisu we had was baked right there in the restaurant and not shipped in from somewhere else or microwaved.
I was there yesterday with my one love. And we loving this place. When we get there from the outside it does looks like a Togo place so we get a lil skeptic about it. But we decided to come in anyway. It's a small lil mom and pop restaurant. The service was friendly and good. The food was on point. But the stuffed mushrooms may need lil more works on. Other than that the artichoke was excellent, the sausages and mushrooms rigatoni was so  good. The house soup was wonderful. I would recommend this place to anyone.
I cannot say enough about Buon Gusto; this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The rigatoni with mushrooms is heaven on a platter, in fact, I have never had anything bad at Buon Gusto.  Their eggplant parmesan (they have a few versions, all good) as well as their lasagna are also contenders in my "best dish ever" competition.  Finally, you have to have a cannolli.  OMG, just OMG.  So good!
This place is awesome! The eggplant dishes are all to die for!
Love this place!!!!  Food is excellent and service is great! Try their chicken pesto salad...YUMMO!
Let me start by saying that ever since living in Italy I am extremely picky about Italian food. But, Buon Gusto shines every time. It is a small family run New York style Italian restaurant. The place is tiny, so expect to wait for a table, sometimes up to 30 minutes. Don't worry the food is well worth the wait. They always start you off with warm bread and an olive oil and balsamic dipping sauce. It is perfection, especially after the wait. Your dish will also come with soup or a salad. They have 2 homemade dressings, a delicious ranch and a house oil and balsamic dressing that is fantastic. You can't go wrong either way, but I love to dip my bread in the house dressing. Yum! I have tried quite a few dishes, but here are some of the highlights:

I am in love with the sausage and mushroom rigatoni. It is tossed in a creamy tomato based sauce and just so delicious. You won't ever regret ordering this, trust me.

They make a mean baked ziti as well, their signature pasta sauce is just delicious. You definitely want the sausage, as the meatballs are lacking in flavor. 

They also have fantastic thin crust pizza's! I have tried both the California white pizza and Steve's cattleman and they were great. I love white pizza and the California definitely hit the spot. But, they also make a fabulous red sauce so be sure to try that as well. The individual size is perfect for one.

Overall, you will not regret a visit to this small mom and pop shop. The food is delicious and the service is always on point.
Really good experience, ate there last night and had a little wait but overall great food, great service. We will be back!
This is by far the best home cooked food you will find in Vegas.  Friends from north Jersey and New York who are Itilian and love Itilian food have tried this place and say it is the best in Vegas.  

The prices are extremely reasonable and you will not be disappointed.  You will find it hard to believe how they can serve such great food at such a reasonable price.  If you love Itilian food and have not tried this place, you are missing out.
I come from a big Italian family and I am grown to my family's cooking. I must say that it is very difficult to find a place that serves food as good as Buon Gusto. I have been to so many restaurants throughout my life. I lived on the east coast and the west coast and been to so many places that just served mediocre food. Some of it was good, but not great. I remember my cousin went to Buon Gusto and she told me about it. She said to me that she could not believe how authentic-tasting the food was, and how it was just like our family's cooking. My mom is such a wonderful cook so I know the difference between Italian food and great Italian food. Everytime I come here, everything is on the money. Every detail, ingredient, and server is incredible. The place is so welcoming, warm, and so intricate. The food is TO DIE for. And I don't know about you but if the food is this good, I don't care how much I pay for it. This place has yet to disappoint me or anyone that I recommended it to. I honestly feel like I am eating right out of my mother's kitchen. Incredible food and service, and I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great quality and great, authentic Italian food. You will not be disappointed at all. I will be coming here for as long as I am in Vegas. There is no other Italian place in Vegas that can fully incorporate true  quality Italian food the way these guys can.
Absolutely fantastic food!  We ordered our meal to-go.  I ordered the "best lasagna you've ever eaten" and let me tell you... it was.  My husband (who is on a low carb plan for eating) had their low carb special with grilled sausage and onions with peppers.  He loved it!  My kids had pizza and thought it was fine.  I tasted the pizza and it was better than average...  The prices were fair, and the quality was superb.  This is my new favorite neighborhood spot for sure.  Next time I will try one of their gourmet pizzas.  The bread that came with my lasagna was delicious.  I wondered if it was the same dough for the pizza.  Thanks!!!
After you peel away all the decoration, it's the food that counts in any restaurant. I've been lucky to have enjoyed Italian food in the major centers in the States, from Boston's North End to New York's Little Italy to San Francisco's North Beach.  Add a few trips to Rome, Tuscany, Milan and Torino - well I mentioned I've been lucky.

There are many good Italian restaurants in Las Vegas - Nora's, Gitano's, Panevino to name a few. Buon Gusto stands out as an authentic, New York style family restaurant, serving arguably the best pizza in Henderson. That's how my appreciation for BG began. Then I took the time to try a few pasta dishes, graduating progressively to entres.  On New Year's Eve, we booked a table trying to minimize driving.  The veal piccata was extraordinary.  Paired with a suitable penne in garlic & oil, the taste contrast was 'on-the-money'.  The veal is sourced from Wisconsin so obvious care is taken to offer great taste with excellent value. Starting off with a satisfying cup of beef barley soup with a touch of Italian parsley made the holiday meal a perfect way to ring in the New Year.

Combining conscientious service with a modest $26 for the entire meal, BG has a winning formula. Whether it's pizza, pasta or a delicious Italian meal, you can't go wrong with Buon Gusto.  Take along your favorite wine from your home collection and you won't regret a modest corking charge.  Motto bene!
Very cute little place with great service & delicious food! What a surprising place! We will be back!
I come from a big Italian family and I am grown to my family's cooking. I must say that it is very difficult to find a place that serves food as good as Buon Gusto. I have been to so many restaurants throughout my life. I lived on the east coast and the west coast and been to so many places that just served mediocre food. Some of it was good, but not great. I remember my cousin went to Buon Gusto and she told me about it. She said to me that she could not believe how authentic-tasting the food was, and how it was just like our family's cooking. My mom is such a wonderful cook so I know the difference between Italian food and great Italian food. Everytime I come here, everything is on the money. Every detail, ingredient, and server is incredible. The place is so welcoming, warm, and so intricate. The food is TO DIE for. And I don't know about you but if the food is this good, I don't care how much I pay for it. This place has yet to disappoint me or anyone that I recommended it to. I honestly feel like I am eating right out of my mother's kitchen. Incredible food and service, and I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great quality and great, authentic Italian food. You will not be disappointed at all. I will be coming here for as long as I live in Vegas. I feel like I just want to scream and shout to the world about this place!
This is not a chain and WOW is the food good.  Atmosphere is quaint and the dining-in facility is small.  Do not miss the Tiramisu as it is awesome.  There were 6 of us and we each ate different plates and we all raved about each dish.
Are closed on Sundays and not open until 3:30 on Saturdays. So you'll never have lunch there on a weekend. No clue why.  No booths.
You don't need to be located in a luxury resort on the strip, charge exorbitant prices, or be funded by a wealthy venture capitalist to offer 5 star quality food. All you need is a dedicated mom-and pop style of management, a good understanding of traditional cooking and service with a smile. These things can be found at Buon Gusto.

I had the pleasure of dining here on valentines day with my girlfriend. It was, not surprisingly, quite packed. We were seated fairly soon by a friendly hostess. The place is tiny and quaint--- a decidedly humble little establishment with traditional Italian themed decorations lining the walls. It's nothing too fancy but a real fan could care less about the lack of extravagance--- its clean and well maintained. 

The bread was delicious-- better than I've had at Annie's Gourmet, and about as good as I had at Ventano's. The salads were excellent-- the best I've ever had at an Italian restaurant. They didn't skimp on the olives and the home made balsamic vinaigrette will be the best you've ever tasted. They offered us each a glass of wine with the special, which was penne pasta with a creamy sherry wine sauce and sliced chicken, topped with bruschetta. It was a unique taste to me-- I've never tasted such a wonderful mix of flavors in Italian cooking. We treated ourselves to canoli's for desert which were, of course, heavenly-- far and above the best I've ever had. 

The waiter was friendly throughout the experience and the rest of the staff was polite. The employees here seem to take pride in the quality of their service and the regulars clearly know they've stumbled on to a real gem located in nondescript suburbia. There is no doubt that we will be returning to sample the many other delicious sounding dishes here.
This place is all about the food.  You dine in an extension of the kitchen, right alongside the chefs as they work the kitchen magic.  The food is excellent and the people are friendly.  The dining area is limited and it does get pretty busy during meal times.  They only do reservations for parties of 6 or more, so you might have to wait to get a table if you go before 8pm.  Their house original, the Veal Trieste, was excellent.  It is served in a cream sauce with artichokes, mushrooms & port wine.  Boyfriend got Chicken Cacciatore, which was also very good.  All of their entrees come with fresh baked bread, soup or salad, and a side of penne pasta.
Was looking for a place close to home for Italian food and came across Buon Gusto and read raving reviews on yelp! Everything we had was excellent.
Good sign- We went there at 8.30 p.m. on monday night and there were quite a few people eating there!

The server brought some really warm bread and an amazing olive oil, olive and garlic dip with balsamic vinegar. We thought about just having one slice each but ended up eating the whole bread! 
I ordered portabella mushroom ravioli in a red pepper sauce. This was divine. The red pepper sauce was a rich, cheesy sauce with a great red pepper taste. The ravioli was almost melting in my mouth..
D ordered a vegetarian pizza which had a generous helping of cheese, artichokes, olives, and roasted eggplant on a thin crust pizza base. Excellent again.

Everything seemed to be freshly prepared and of great quality.

HIghly recommended!
Love, love, love this Italian family restaurant!    

Many have echoed what I love about this place.   Great food, friendly service and definately becoming crowded at peak dinner hours.   Be patient, definately worth the wait!
I was a stranger in a strange land, or so I thought. Had to visit Henderson for biz, so checked Yelp for a place to eat... Well, I walked in and it was like stepping into a friend's dining room. An Italian friend's.

I had a glass of red while I waited for a table - they kept checking back with me until I was seated - and the food was fabulous. One of the nicest parts was that everyone was happy there. Patrons were walking in with these pleasant little looks on their faces, the staff seemed to love working there, and the owners (a husband and wife team) were incredibly sweet to me and to each other.

I NEVER expected warmth and great food in Vegas! Can't wait to go back!
5 stars all the way! Mom called our food "home-made" that's a high compliment from the mother of the International Diva aka yours truly. 
Look no more Henderson folks, Buon Gusto is everything all the yelpers said!  And ya'll know  (with my sister Tina's Texan accent) I have traveled enough to tell you this is real Italian. Mom ordered the special which by the way was enough to feed two: Manicotti, delish. I asked our sweet waitress to give me her best shot: Rigatoni with sausage and mushroom on a cream sauce. OH MY JESUS!  I need to tell you to try their tomato bisque, out of this world.  We're planning a couple of birthday parties already up there, Steve was very friendly and told us he could set up a table for 15 no  problem. So there, for all of you who think we don't have good food in Las Vegas, take that!
This little hole in the wall has lived up to its stars. I visited once for lunch and once for dinner, both with my school-aged boys in tow. It's a cool little place to go to enjoy your meal. It's got this neat little Italian deli feel to it, but with table service. 

For lunch, there are some really good specials. 2 slices of pizza and a drink, or a slice of pizza and a salad and a drink for $4.99. The pizza was tasty, and the waiter asked if we wanted to add toppings to the slices, which is great if you want more than just cheese. I'm guessing they charge for it, but we just had the cheese.

Their house salad is delicious. It's not just a few pieces of wilted lettuce on a plate with some bottle sauce plopped on it. Tasty veggies on top, and the house vinagrette is tangy, tasty, and should be sopped up with the hot bread they bring you.

Our dinner experience was a little different. My boys and I happened to go on a Friday evening, and we got seated at a table by the front, which meant we got stared at while we ate our food by the folks either waiting for a table or sitting at the chairs at the front waiting for their takeout order. It's a tiny restaurant, so I don't fault them for that. If you're looking for an intimate dining experience, this may not be the place for you.

The boys split a pepperoni pizza, and you really can't go wrong with their pizza. A great meal at this place would be a house salad, pizza and a beer. No doubt.

I tried their signature Buon Gusto chicken entree. The way it sounded on the menu and the way it came out on the plate were different. The menu called it a "medley" of fresh vegetables sauteed with chicken. The menu said it was a heathly menu choice, so I figured I'd watch my waistline and order it. The dish came out looking like a dish I make with all the leftover chicken and veggies I have in my fridge. There was a large amount of onions, which I picked past. There was no starch with the dish, which was odd, considering the fact that it's an Italian restaurant. Then I read the online menu after the fact and read that with chicken dishes, you can add a starch for a price. That's fine, but I wish the waiter had said something when I ordered.

The service was fine, nothing to write home about. Perhaps they just need to talk to their waitstaff so that they are more knowledgeable about the menu and can turn their tables over faster with quicker service.

All in all, if you stick to the basics, you're fine. Their pizza is tasty. Thier salad is yummy. They bring you a basket of hot breat and butter. And if you want to wash it down with a beer or wine, well, they have that too. 

It's a cool little place, and I'm all for supporting the small businesses in this economy. Go to Buon Gusto. Enjoy the food and the vibe. But you may just want to stick to their Italian basics.
A small mom and pop restaurant that has amazing Italian food and exceptional service. It's a little small so you may have to wait but I have to say I have not had anything bad here. I know that's a broad statement but it's true and there's not much more to add that others haven't already commented on. (By the way the sausage and mushroom rigatoni and chicken franchese are worth eating all the time, even if it will force me to keep my shirt on at the pool] I would absolutely put it in my top 3 Italian restaurants in the city.
My husband and I were looking for a new place to try, and we found Buon Gusto on Yelp.  We ordered ahead of time and took the food home, so I can't comment on the speed of their service when you come in and sit down, but we called fifteen minutes before they closed, and they were super nice about taking our order and helping us, which can be pretty rare when people are getting ready to close and looking forward to going home.  A lot of the time when you order to go, the food is cold and not very good by the time you get home, but ours was delicious.  Helpful, cheerful staff, yummy food, and great service?  I'll be back.
I love all the homemade flavors, super fresh and flavorful. A party in my mouth. 

Highlights: 
-Homemade balsamic vinegar dressing. So stinking good! I never enjoyed a house salad so much! 
-Chicken Marsala: Large portion! Definitely good for sharing. Super yummy and everything a chicken marsala should be. Plenty of mushrooms too. 
-Tiramisu: I ate the whole piece. By myself. Enough said. (super light and airy with a hint of alcohol. A perfect way to end the meal)

Lower-lights:
-Calamari: They were good and not too oily except that I feel they kind of lacked flavor. They needed a lot of salt and could have used some seasoning. Even with the marinara sauce it was a little bland. 
-Veal Parmigana: A little pricey ($25) but it was a large portion. It was so completely drenched with sauce and cheese that you couldn't really taste anything except tomato sauce. And the breading on the veal just slid right off. Too soggy of a dish for me. 

Overall: super friendly staff and wonderful homemade tasting meal. I definitely want to come back and try some other delicious plates on their menu.
*** #200 ***

Mamma Mia!  Judging from my recent experience, this is a super-fine ristorante that serves up superior Southern Italian cuisine.  Diane and I have the good fortune of being friends with several married couples who are always game to try out the cuisine of new dining venues.  On one such gustatory adventure four of us took over a table for six at Buon Gusto, and filled it to overflowing with various dishes.  I appreciated that shakers of grated Parmesan Cheese sat at both ends.  The owners and head chef were not even around, and yet the coordinated operation of the skilled culinary team on a very busy Thursday night still hummed along beautifully under its very able management.  Service was friendly and efficient, with our table checked on several times.  I just had to ask for one water refill twice.

We began with a loaf of excellent baked Italian bread that was both complimentary and warm.  It was so good with butter or vinegar and oil that my party polished off this and another 1-1/2 loaves by meal's end.  Next for me was a good but barely hot small bowl of Italian Wedding Soup with tasty but tiny meatballs and only bits of spinach.  This was really the only low point of my meal.

A generous side Caesar Salad with excellent creamy Caesar Dressing, fresh chopped Romaine Lettuce, and crunchy croutons was presented next.  Crab-stuffed Mushrooms were simply excellent, and lightly floured Calamari served with a Sicilian Sauce that tasted like a slightly amped up mild Marinara was very good--one of the best I have experienced in the Vegas valley.

A long interval separated appetizers, soup, and salad from the entrees.  But this was understandable, since by this time (about 7:30 p.m.) the place was packed with patrons.  Now we really put the table to the test.  Soon it groaned under the weight of Shrimp Parmigiana with Alfredo Sauce, Veal Parmigiana, Manicotti, Penne with Meat Sauce, a Meatball, Fettucccini Alfredo, and Penne Pasta with Alfredo Sauce.  The tomatoey, cheesy, thinly pounded, and double folded Veal Parmigiana was great.  And so was the Fettuccini, nicely tossed with thick and tasty Alfredo Sauce.  Portions were quite large.  I barely finished mine, but everyone else took home leftovers to enjoy another day.  All dishes on the table looked and smelled great, as did a pizza just across the way.  Ahh, that will have to wait for another day!  One can only consume so much at a time!

We still saved a little room for dessert though.  Homemade Tiramisu was light and airy.  And, we rounded out a memorable meal by sharing generous portions of rich Chocolate Gelato and refreshing Lemoncello Gelato.  As a final whimsical flourish, 8 wrapped Mini-Tootsie Rolls were placed on top of the bill.  Even they were good: fresh and soft!  

I will most definitely be back--the sooner the better!
I'm a big fan of their pizza and the linguini w/ clams. Small, quaint, cozy little spot with a very friendly owner & staff.
The lasagna is a must!  This is one of those small private owned must try places.
What a great place for Italian food!! Everything from the atmosphere to the service to the food, it was all legitimately GREAT. The Meatball parm is second to none, huge flavor full meatballs, perfect amount of sauce, melted mozzarella and great crusty bread.  My friend had the Chicken Parm and had nothing but great things to say about it. I look forward to bringing my family here for dinner very soon. It is great to see a small family owned restaurant putting this much care into the food and customer service!!
Really, the place brings a level of perfection that you rarely find at Italian places. The service is excellent. You're greeted with warm smiles from the minute you walk in, at every moment during the meal, and on your way out. 

The place has that whole in the wall feel to if. Nicely decorated and great oldies music playing.

Might I recommend the pineapple pizza? It was exquisite! Sometimes I get the chilly cheesesteak which puts firehouse subs to shame :)
Food was on the cold side and tasted like it had been reheated... Ordered chicken marsala and got chicken in a bunch of watery sauce. Prob will not visit here again.
Great neighborhood Italian restaurant, especially in a neighborhood overrun by Italian restaurants. Love their white pizza. Small place, but very clean with super friendly staff.
I love this place! My son found it on Yelp and we have dined here 4 times now.  The food is excellent, always Hot and fresh.  The staff is all wonderful.  Great service and good attitudes.  Just a great overall atmosphere.  Keep up the great work! I can't wait to go back.
I'm someone who if I'm going to spend money on Italian food, I want it to be at least a 4-5 star type place. I really wanted to like this place. The service was excellent. The bread at the beginning of the meal was fresh and delicious. However the pizza was below average. As in I would stay away from ever ordering it again. The lasagna was very good. It tasted a lot like my wife's lasagna which is good, but we both felt to pay to go out we want better than we can make. I will probably try them again down the road to give them a second shot. Just sticking to pasta this time. To put my ranking into perspective... a chain like olive garden would get a 1-2 star from me. So they were better then the pasta co's, littering our nation. If it's this place vs those types of places without a doubt come here. But there is better out there.
I am Italian and hard to please when it comes to authentic food. I would recommend this place to the fussiest eaters. Just like mama and nana made. No processed food here. Place is small, but quaint and clean.
Great food, a little pricey, usually a long wait to be seated.
Wow. Yelp hooked it up! The girlfriend and I were running around all day and were running on fume's. After a place I wanted to try was closed, I fired up the Yelp app and it took us to Buon Gusto. 

I do not live on the side of town where Buon Gusto is, so I have never heard of it. I would also rather go to a family run place (which Vegas lacks) than a chain so off we went.

All we could say, is excellent. These place is a small restaurant in a shopping center, very nondescript. Once we walked in, we were immediately greeted and offered any seat. Drinks were offered right away and we went right to ordering. 

I had the baked ziti with meatball and my girlfriend had the chicken milanese (sp?). Before the entrees came out, we had warm bread brought over and a small salad, which was definitely the best side salad I've had in awhile. Once the entrees came, WOW. True home cooked Italian dishes which we quickly went to work on, with enough for leftovers. I normally dont like leftovers, but the food was so good I took it home and ended up eating it later. 

I will definitely be back to this spot when I am in the area and cant wait!
This is a small italian joint nestled in near Anthem. The food is good and prices are reasonable. The staff is so italian I would be suprised if everyone here is a made man. The stories they have are great and add to the atmospher. I recommend at least trying this place out.
I really thought I had posted a review for Buon Gusto, but Yelp is telling me no..

Let's get this fact out there right now, Buon Gusto is one of those restaurants I would happily drive a couple of hours to go eat at, it is that good. 

Every now and again we foodies run across a hole in the wall that is so good, we really shouldn't post about it on Yelp, just in case the crowds get to big, well Buon Gusto is one of those places.

We have eaten there probably once a month for the last 6 months, the food is good, no scratch that, the food is superb, the service is good, the prices are a steal.

Now, the big thing, this is a New York Italian joint, my wife orders the Chicken Marsala (the best she has had she claims) but I go for the pizza, why ? Because it is the best in Vegas, pure and simple, I love pizza and this joint puts out a pie that I would happily compare to any that I ate in new York.

Oh, lastly, if you are still hungry, try the tiramisu, OMG, it is to die for.
We have been coming here since the doors opened and it's great food & service everytime!

As soon as you are seated your drink order is taken and fresh baked bread with seasoned oil & vinegar are set on the table.
 
My husband ordered the Chicken Pesto Salad. It's not on the menu anymore but they will still make it for you.. A large salad  of greens topped with artichokes, ripe olives, tomatoes & pepperchini's on top of that is sliced chicken breast with one of the BEST pesto cream sauces you will ever taste! 

I ordered the Gnocci. You have a choice of Pesto Cream or Tomato Cream. Tough choice, but I went with the Tomato Cream. Again, BEST tomato cream sauce you will ever taste. The Gnocci is soft ,enveloped in this delicious, rich & creamy sauce. The portion is large, which is great. I eat a 1/3 or 1/2 and enjoy the leftovers next day for lunch, Which is even better because the gnooci soaks up some of the sauce. YUM.  A dinner salad is served before your entree. 

My girls ordered pizza, which they say tastes great! 
They have a childrens menu which has itaiian offerings along with a salad and drink, reasonably priced! 

Service is wonderful, and I love supporting mom & pop businesses.
Nice to be greeted by name when you walk in. We recommend this place often!
Dined here last night with my wife.

This is a tiny place so seating took awhile but worth it.  Fresh bread came out first with great garlic & olive oil for dipping followed by house salad, both excellent.  We wanted the Italian Wedding soup of the day but they had just taken a large take-out order that wiped today's batch out.

We had:
1) Calamari:  very good but we've been spoiled by better.  Their marinara was the bomb.  Solid choice in any event.  Probably would try something else as an appetizer next time.

2) Veal Picatta:  Excellent prep.  We were told by owner that they don't even pound the veal cutlets flat until we order.  Everything made fresh and flavors prove this.  Knowing this I'll try the Veal Parmesan next time just to get more marinara.

3)  Cattleman's (all meat) Pizza:  Good choice.  Nice crust and good flavors on toppings.  Would do that one again.
I am really surprised that there are more positive than negative reviews for this place? I am a really picky Eater from NY and feel I assess Italian food pretty well :) I was disappointed in my meal here.

I ordered the baked ravioli with extra sauce , it cam with a sub par salad that I did not like at all and did not really have extra sauce.  The sauce reminded me of Ragu or Delmonte from a can.  I know that it was made there but it was not very good.

I got a slice of pizza for my daughter which was decent.  I would go back for a slice but there definitely is better pizza around here such as Verranzos on Windmill/Eastern and Grimaldi's on Eastern.  I wouldn't return to this restaurant except for a quick slice if I was in the shopping center.
We were first timers here the other night, because of the Yelp reviews.  Wow!  WOW!  I use Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken as my litmus test for all Italian restaurants.  I just do.  Sorry.  This is THE BEST Fettuccine Alfredo I have ever had, EVER!  When you think in your mind what it's supposed to taste like (butter, cream, noodles not TOO thick), this is it.  Just simply amazing.  You must try it if you're a fan at all.  We shared it because the portions are HUGE!  The house salad is included for each diner if you pay the $6.95 plate fee.  Worth it.  The house salads are yummy.  We're going back soon and a lot.  Best Italian in Vegas.  No question.
Great food! Great service! awesome portions! dream about their food after only being there once. Can not wait to return! Love the New York feel but the food comes out like it was made only for you!!!!
Pasta: over-cooked Lasagna, drenched in Cheese, no Bechamel.
Pizza: dough and sauce okay, way too much cheese, boring

Service: unattentive old man. 
Atmosphere: Vinyl tablecloth, tacky deco, could be in the Bronx

No reason to ever go back.
Visiting from LA. Went to this pace based on the Yelp positive feedback. 
Hard to believe the ratings. Early Friday dinner, not crowded yet took nearly 45 minutes for an order of ravioli and a small pizza.
The there was the bland taste. Ever so slightly better than big box chain Whitewash Italian. Pizza crust tuff, as if old or overworked. No sauce to speak of and overly cheesy. Ravioli on the hard side of al dente, nearly tasteless meat filling. 

On the positive side, the staff were very friendly and apologetic on the long wait. Perhaps locals prioritize service over food. Otherwise visitors should go elsewhere.
This place is a little piece of old New York in the desert. It's not very large inside but wonderfully charming and quaint. The staff is friendly and the food is Noo Yawk Italian to the max!!! Hubby and I live a good 20 miles away but well worth the drive. Love the salad with house dressing, great pizza with crispy crust, delicious eggplant parm, and  everything else we've tried has been great. What a hidden treasure this place is. This is the real thing, not like the formula food in the chain restaurants. Leave Vegas outside and enter New York. Buon Gusto!
Looking for some good hole-in-the-wall Italian food?

This is it! We had a large group of 8 or so and they were able to accommodate us just fine. All of our drinks and breads came out so fast since it was a late lunch (I think it was like 3pm or something) and we were starving! 

The servicer was very attentive and constantly checking on us. We all ordered our own dish, some pasta dishes and a pizza. The pasta turned out great and everyone from our party seemed to enjoyed their dish. I don't think the pizza was that outstanding to mention it. 

Overall, a good decent place to eat some Italian without having to go to the strip for it. :)
Buon Gusto receives my first 5 star review. I base this rating comparing price with quality. This little Italian restaurant in Henderson is a great night out for the value. I had tried both their pizza and the Baked Ziti and all of it was as good as you can get anywhere. 

The staff was very attentive and courteous. They handled order changes very well and where gracious to our needs.

The dcor was a little dated but could still be considered relevant for a small neighbourhood restaurant.

All in all, if you are looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant, this is defiantly the place.
I dined again at Buon Gusto, and the experience was a very good one.  But for this dinner with friends I have to drop my evaluation half a star.  

Warm homemade Italian bread was excellent as before.  And, Fried Ravioli on the verge of being over fried was good with mild Marinara Sauce.  But homemade Cream of Mushroom Soup was too peppery for my taste.  

A basic Romaine Lettuce Caesar Salad was very good, and a large portion of tender Veal Parmigiana was excellent accompanied by cheesy Fettuccini Alfredo.  An order of gelato produced two chosen scoops: Lemoncello and Chocolate.  Both were very good.

This time 4-1/2 stars overall!
They have new owners, so be patient. 
Understand it was a busy night, and the new owners are still trying to get adjusted with the staff so service is slower than usual. 
I also got nervous when I heard the owners son is the new chef.. (please don't change all of the recipes)

We were seated about 15 minutes after arrival. Now we waited another 10 minutes before our drink order was taken. Another 15 minutes and our order was taken, and then 20 minutes later our food was served. Yep.. 45 minutes from the time we were seated. 

Food was delicious. Gnocchi with Tomato Cream sauce has not changed.. Yay!!!
The rest of my party enjoyed their food too. 

On a side note, where we were sitting to where I could see the prep area where salad greens were being cut. The knife that was used was rinsed off with the water from the soda fountain. Not sure what was cut with the knife before, but not too sanitary. 

Hopefully on our next visit things will be back up to speed and prep procedures will be reviewed.
We've been coming here for 9 years.  But I am concerned for the future of this restaurant based on our dining experience last week after the new owner had officially taken charge for over a month.

Apparently you need to be a "friend" for him to even stop to say a word to you.

The food was very good, everything was the same as previous owners' menu except the salad no longer had artichokes.  Already cutting food costs.

Very slow night with something "not working" in kitchen.  And check seemed high for what we had.  Servers were very stressed and we left all stressed out.  

I think we'll stick to take out.  The pizza was $4 higher for dine-in than take-out.
We had the baked Ziti and Pizza and it was 4 star good. It's a nice cozy little Italian restaurant. The prices were reasonable and we'll be back again.
I've tried a few tasty dishes via coworkers (garlic and oil linguine with clams, delicious, sausage rigatoni, yum, and chicken tenders with fries, equally delicious!) and was convinced to visit when I had a hankering for some pasta. I was just ordering take out, but admired the dining area while I was there. Very cozy. Definitely unexpected for a spot in a shopping center. I ordered the baked spaghetti and a side of their housemade meatball. The baked spaghetti was not what I expected. The portion was very generous, but so was the very overwhelming mozzarella cheese that was "baked" on top. I attempted to scrap off as much cheese as I could to make it bearable. The spaghetti was good though and the meatball was great! It also came with a side salad that I thought was wondeful. Especially with the marinated artichoke, peppercinis, and their amazing ranch dressing (seriously, THAT is how ranch should taste!) So my first experience wasn't fantastic, but I blame it on my ordering a dud since I've had other pastas from there that I thought were great. Will have to give it another whirl! They have wonderful lunch specials and overall, the prices are decent for the amount of food.

Edit: I had to bump them up a star for their PIZZA! Wowza. I'm not a cheese pizza kind of gal because it's way too boring and the cheese can be too much (at least the way most people make it). However, my New Yorker friend, who constantly vouched for this pizza, told me that the cheese was the way to go. So, I had to follow suit. We ordered a whole pie, so it was fresh and hot. I have one word for it, heavenly. Pizza perfection (disclaimer: I love thinner crust!). There was a nice, light crunch from the bottom of the pizza, the soft and thin layer of dough, sauce, and cheese. No flavor was overwhelming except the sweet harmony of these three things. The crust was still dough-y, but had a nice texture to it. I love being able to fold my pizza slice in half too. Oh, it is just so GOOD! After that first experience, I had their pizza three times within a few weeks. Every time, it didn't disappoint. There's not very many places that I drool over pizza, but this is one of them!!
So we found this place on Yelp! (where else?!) while searching for a good Italian restaurant in the Southwest/Henderson area. Walking into this place was just like walking into my grandma's kitchen... this place was full of yummy aromas, simple decor and small dining tables that made it all a very inviting little place.

You can tell this place is family-owned and it shows in their friendly (and awesome), yet informal service. Upon sitting down you are greeted by a big smile, a basket of warm home-made bread and a mixture of herbs and virgin olive oil-- which you can refill as many times as you'd like. By the way, the bread they serve is pretty much the BEST bread you will try in Vegas.

We all ordered different dishes to try: Sausage mushroom rigatoni, penne all a vodka and linguini del mar and they were all amazing. You can taste the dedication and fresh ingredients put into every dish and will rejoice in the huge portions the will serve you! Now, while all the different dishes we ordered were awesome, I would recommend the Linguini del Mar as it is the tastiest of them all.

Do yourself a favor and come visit this place. Your tastebuds will thank you for it!
My wife and I usually go out to eat on Sundays when Buon Gusto is closed so we made a point to go there Saturday and finally try it. The service is great, a very friendly staff that make you feel at home. My wife ordered the Broccoli Penne and I ordered the Buon Gusto. My wife's Broccoli Penne was great no complaints, the Buon gusto however was just a little better than average which was kind of surprising since its named after the place. For desert we tried the bread pudding which is 6 out of 5 stars. I would give this place 4.5 out of 5 stars but thats not an option so well go with 5.
This restaurant is very small and tucked away in a little shopping center, but the food is very good.  The wait staff is knowledgeable and attentive.  They fill up fast though, so don't get there right at dinner time.

My favorite so far is the sausage mushroom rigatoni, but I've also enjoyed their lasagne, manicotti and baked ziti.
After a beer festival in Lake LV, we needed to fuel up. With the positive reviews and comforting looking food it seemed it would be a winner dinner. 

We were started off with some fresh hot bread, oil with garlic to dip. They ask if you want balsamic in it too which I never refuse. Man, I love/hate good bread. Love the taste, hate that I can't stop. Entrees come with a salad or soup. We got one of each. The soup was pasta fagioli, which had various pasta and white beans and had good flavor, though a tad salty. The salad was good with olives, tomatoes, onions, artichoke, pepperoncini with vinaigrette. 

We got sausage rigatoni with tomato cream sauce. The sauce was solid, well seasoned and it was plentiful with sausage. We also ordered the linguine clams with red sauce which was a nicely garlicky clam flavored sauce and the clam pieces was so plentiful every bite had clams. This is a good thing that the portions were not skimpy, but not suffering in quality. I asked if the pasta made in-house, but it's fresh stuff delivered from a spot in New Jersey. Some people may find it oversauced a bit, which doesn't bother me - it's bread sopping time! I was too full with all of this pasta and bread. 

Its a tiny busy eatery, but many servers and runners so the service was pretty decent even when our main gal was busy. Everyone was friendly and polite. Lot's of "ma'ams" we're thrown around which I'm not used to. 

Charming little place. If this wasn't across town from us, I could see us going here on a regular basis. Food taste to portion to price ratio is really good. For $15ish a pasta dish we had bread, soup, salad and entree which I think is reasonable for all you get. This is like, Olive Garden formula and prices, but homemade and homey. I'm a fan, and would consider their something I would try to hit up anytime we're never Henderson.
A colleague and I dinned at Buon Gusto last week after looking online for a good restaurant in the area.  We were attending yet another conference and were in dire need to escape the insincerity of corporate America.  We were promptly greeted by the owner who sat us at a charming table. The service was prompt and the menu was priced reasonably.  The owner took the time to make menu recommendations and answered all questions.  Needless to say, my spinach and Gorgonzola ravioli was exceptional.  

What you should really know 

At the end of the evening, we were having difficulty getting a cab back to the hotel.  The owner was very attentive and after hearing that we would have to wait 30-50 minutes he promptly took off his apron and directed us to his SUV. In less than 5 minutes we were back at the hotel compliments of Buon Gusto.  After a long week of exhausting meetings and corporate niceties, this was genuine service.  In short, Buon Gusto doesn't do anything different - they just do it better.
After the great bread and incredible home made salad dressings, I started thinking that I had finally found a Henderson version of Chicago Joe's (5+ star IMHO).  Well, they were about 80% of the way there.  The Mushroom Sausage Rigatoni was good...not great.  Other dish was ordered with shrimp and showed up with chicken...we complained a little but ate it...and it too was simply okay.  In short, I'm sure well go again, any place can have an off moment/day.  One other note, prices were a little high for the dishes not to be excellent.
First, let me preface this review with some background.

I married a wonderful Italian woman who loves to tell stories of growing up in Denver and visiting the checkered tablecloth and candle restaurants of that city, especially the one owned by her uncle.  When we first entered and sat down, I saw her looking around and getting a little misty-eyed with nostalgia.  

The menu did not disappoint either.  This is not a trendy joint with dishes prepared in the latest fashion.  This is the simple, home-cooked staples of an Italian family: gnocci, pasta with sauce (which the waiter refered to as "gravy", always a good sign), and a pizza take-out service that was hopping the entire time we were there. My wife ordered the gnocci, and after sampling the dish, shoved one in my mouth saying "That's what a gnocci should taste like!"

Don't expect fancy, but do expect great traditional Italian food served with a minimum of fluff and fancy.  My wife and I have made two trips back (30+ miles each way) since our first visit, and both visits have affirmed our first impressions.  Take the time to check this place out.  I don't think you will regret it!
We have never eaten in the dining room, but Buon Gusto  is now the only place from which we will order pizza.  It's worth the shlep to pick it up as they don't deliver.  The crust and sauce are perfect in consistency and taste.  Another great item is the house salad dressing...I wish they would sell it by the bottle!
I used to love to love this place! Steve was a great restaurateur! However the new owner should have taken some lessons and certainly not changed the menu. We waited an hour and a half to have our entrees come out looking nothing like what I was used to. The Chicken Francese  came out all mixed together and they put red sauce on it. The sausage on my Dates plate was ground sausage ....which would have never left the kitchen before!  I'm only giving one star because the Drinks were cold and refilled. Saying sorry for the delay and blaming it on staff not showing up only goes so far.....
I can't say enough good things. I was going there on a first date ish so I was kind of uncomfortable, but when I walked in it was like I was walking into my Auntie Angie's house with fifty of my relatives. It was that homey warm feeling that is only created by one thing - love. 

The food is awesome. Just all of it. I felt welcomed there and wanted and they just get it. Tommy one of the owners stopped by and chatted with us for a bit (This was like a month ago and I still remember his name - I hope.) I work in the service industry and I take a lot of pride in my job, and it is nice to see that there are others that do the same. 

If you're a local, support locals running a business. You won't be disappointed. This is one of the best experiences I have ever had in a restaurant, period. Thank you!
Great Italian. Very friendly service. Owner seems to genuinely care about his staff and customers. 
Waitress was very attentive, made sure to refill our drinks often.  She also forgot to ring in something that we ordered, but immediately told us once she realized. I appreciate when service staff is honest, and it turned out we were stuffed, so we decided to just get it to go. 

It's a small place, but they seem to be always busy. (may have to wait for a table, but totally worth it)
 
Now about the food:
Meatballs are very flavorful (I recommend adding them to the top of the manicotti dish, which is now my favorite. 
The soup of the day was chicken pot pie, and it was seriously one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. Sooo yummy. 
Other entrees I'd recommend are lasagna, baked Ziti and the gnocchi. I haven't tried the pizza, but I'll definitely be back.
Excellent service. The service is probably what stuck with me more than the food. The restaurant is located in the corner of a shopping center on Horizon Ridge and Eastern -- pretty difficult to spot unless you are familiar with the area.

Inside of the restaurant is compact, charming, and homely (in a comforting way). The male server that greeted us may have been the owner. He was interested in hearing how we heard of the place, made sure to explain the menu and offer suggestions based on some of his favorites, and checked in on us regularly throughout the meal.

We opted for the calamari "best in town" as an appetizer ($8.95). It was fine, cooked tender but overkill on the batter.

The food, or perhaps what I ordered, wasn't mind blowing or innovative. It was simple chicken marsala, and sure maybe it is partly my fault for going for the basic, unimaginative option, but to my credit the menu did claim "best marsala in town". Not sure that I will agree there. There really is only so much you can do with a straightforward dish like that, hence why I will not dock them more than a star for the food. The chicken was cooked well, marsala wine sauce was fine, and the mushrooms were...mushroomy? 
The meal did come with the option of soup or salad; I opted for the chicken and mushroom soup. The soup was really, really good. I also opted for a side of baked ziti in regular tomato sauce. That also was not very memorable. But the meal was a great value for $16.95.

I love Italian food, it is the first type of food I learned how to cook and excel in, so maybe I should just not go out to eat at Italian places because my expectations are really really high. I go as far as making my own homemade pasta and sauce with as many natural and fresh ingredients as I can.  I have yet to be wowed by an Italian eatery with the exception of Scarpetta.
We LOVE Buon Gusto's food.  We have eaten at Buon Gusto a dozen times now so I have a good sense of this restaurant and its fare. This is simple Italian cooking done well.  There's no pretense to this little restaurant at all. There are not a lot of tables, and it always surprises me that there isn't a longer wait.  I suppose people calculate the wait potential based on their small seating area beforehand. I know we do, and we've only been one Friday and one Saturday because we fear a long wait.

The service here is excellent with the exception of one waitress who is slow, unable to multitask, and inattentive, but the excellent food overcomes her inabilities.  ALL of the wait staff are friendly and courteous though. 

We have a few favorites on their menu, and I think all are their signature items.  The Artichokes Italiano are fantastic.  A prefect combination of creamy, acid, saltiness, and garlic.   Use the bread to mop up the remaining sauce, it's THAT good.  

You can't go wrong with ANY dish that uses their roasted red pepper sauce.  The sauce is creamy and the sweetness and toastiness of the red pepper shines through right up front and you get nice peppery notes on the finish. A wonderful sauce.

The Sausage and Mushroom Rigatoni is excellent.  The fresh mushrooms are not overpowered by wonderful sweet Italian sausage.  The tomato cream sauce brings it all together for a truly well balanced pasta and meat dish. 

Finally, finish it all with their home made tiramisu or with their salted caramel gelato.

We love Buon Gusto.  Love the food, the staff, and the service.  I almost hate to write a review that sings its praises as we want to keep this lovely little gem of a restaurant all to ourselves.
Small trattoria tucked away in an Albertson's strip mall. Look for the big yellow shoe/car in the parking lot that is right next door to this wonderful Italian food nook.
Fresh dishes with just the right amount of spices! I always bring friends there and they love it!
Outstanding Italian Restaurant! We were all thrilled.
I don't mind eating with other people, but I felt like I was in the closet. My table was literally in the runway for the kitchen and a freeway of customers and severs were constantly hovering over me and wanting in line to get by on the single lane isle. Service was a little slow as was waiting for the food. We brought the kids, 3 and 4. They were very understanding and kind to my little monsters, which I really appreciated. They were "real" people. 

But that being said. My primary reason for being there was the food. I like cheese. I love cheese. But if I can't see my main course because an impassable mountain of cheese is blocking me, then that would be too much cheese. After I mined for my noodles, my meal was actually pretty good.

So interesting place put needs some refining for me to return.
Good Italian food, large portions, reasonable price. Small, family owned. Never disappointed. The bread with garlic olive oil n balsamic vinegar excellent! Save room for dinner though. : ))
One of our favorites. It is hard to just order a Pizza for take out.  You need to throw in some artichokes, a salad, some spaghetti and some extra meatballs.   Stop and get a nice bottle of wine and your in heaven. Dining in is a lot of fun - not at all fancy just fun with good food.  Highly recommend it.
Wonderful food and very friendly service. It's a small neighborhood place  with character. Pizza and salad both excellent and they bring you warm bread with olive oil and balsamic.
Ate here for the first time this weekend and was blown away by the baked eggplant.  The Chef came out and talked to us and he was very friendly, as was the wait staff.  I had a great experience there and the food was amazing.  Do yourself a favor and eat here!!!!
Delicious food! Amazing staff! Very cutesy atmosphere! Will definitely be returning here as soon as I am back in Henderson. Excellent prices and delicious options! 

I had the sausage and mushroom rigatoni which was amazing! The portions are huge! My niece ordered the kids menu ravioli and there were over a dozen ravioli's in her dish. My sister ordered the spaghetti and meatballs... oh my! The meatballs were delicious! 

Amazing little place hidden in a very boring shopping center. However, once you're inside, the interior is amazingly cute. They offer eat-in and to-go orders. Can't wait to eat here again!
I love this small, local Italian restaurant!  Being from NY, I often long for those non-chain gems.  The ones whose decor is charming and welcoming; where the service is genuinely hospitable; where the food is like a warm reminder of home cooked family dinners.  This is one of the closest I've found to that in Las Vegas. 

We noticed right away how small the restaurant is, but I like that about it!  It wasn't overly busy when we went but I could see how it would get tight at dinner time on weekends.  

The food was delicious!  It had the authentic home cooked meal flair.  The portions were so generous.  I took half a plate of baked ravioli home because I just couldn't finish it.  And I'm so glad to have leftovers to enjoy!  Even the side salad was a great mix, although I wasn't as crazy about the house balsamic vinaigrette as I thought I'd be. 

We often get coupons for this place in the free newspaper that comes to our door - either 3 dollars off a pie or buy one meal get one 50% off (good only during the week after 4pm).  But there's also a yelp check-in offer for the same.  Every penny counts, especially since dinner can rack up when you add wine and desserts (which are pretty reasonably priced!).  

Will definitely be back here for dinner and to try the pizza, especially since I'll only be 10 minutes away soon!
Food was extremely high priced for a place with only 12 tables. Pizza wasn't anything special--kids size was same as mine, but kids pizza is $7 and mine was $16.00...not sure how that makes sense.  My boyfriend ordered the Buon Gusto chicken and it was terrible. We would rather have gone to Grimaldi's, Maggiano's, or Firefly to spend that much money.
What a lovely little spot! 
Its very tiny inside, maybe ten small tables total, but the food is fabulous, the servers friendly, and  the interior cozy & inviting. 

I had the signature twice-baked eggplant. OH. MY. GOD. WOW was that good! Brought tears to my east-coast vegas-weary eyes. The sides were delicious, the pizza piled high with toppings, the bread fresh and hot... Its a winner folks!
Just like being back east! Always up to par. Great service, fresh home made food, cozy atmosphere. My favorite place to go to for incredible Italian food. They never cease to amaze. Some of my favorite dishes are the Veal Trieste, chicken francaise, chicken Marsala and rigatoni with sausage. These dishes are mind blowing! Even the traditional eggplant parm or lasagne is made perfectly. They know what they're doing here. Always a favorite!
Just had the pizza for the first time and it was amazing.  True east cost style and taste. and the sauce and great crust were great!.  Been here many times for dinner in the past and was concerned when ownership changed hands.  Haven't been back for dinner since new owner and chef took over but from the review looks like they kept up the amazing food.
Once again Buon Gusto netted 4-1/2 stars overall after a dinner service.

This time my party of four initially had a long wait for water and butter, but service was otherwise first rate.  Veal Marsala with mushrooms and Marsala Wine Sauce yielded a fine veal entree, except our server reported that the kitchen ran out of veal after fulfilling one order.  So Diane sacrificed, and ordered a different dish.  

Chicken Fricasse was a very good soup of the day, paired with fresh Italian Bread.  A Caesar Salad tasted good.  And Spaghetti with Bolognese Sauce and Mushrooms came out fine.  No aioli was available, so we did not order Calamari Fritti this time.  Chocolate and Pistachio Gelati were very good but the Salted Caramel Gelato tasted saltier than I would have preferred.  A special advertised Yelp check in discount of 50% off a second entre was graciously honored on the spot.
Buon gusto is the bomb.  Pizza is really good.
Excellent service and the food was spectacular. Would definitely go there again. Our waiter had some outstanding recommendations, which we took advantage of.
its a small family owned Italian restaurant, alley kitchen type. The pizza is very good. I enjoyed my linguine and clams its the old school Italian way mama makes it... without the nagging.
Veal parm was bland. Other veal dish bland also. Ceaser sal. mediocre.. Cuginos across from UNLV is waaaaay better! And cheaper!
This cute little restaurant is quite good. I have eaten here half a dozen times, and will definitely return soon. I love the meatballs, and the pasta dishes, next time I will try a pizza. Check out this place, you will not be diappointed
One of my favorite Italian places in town, always coming back for more. The manicotti is awesome along with the fresh bread and dipping oil !
Great experience.  Food was excellent.
We found this place by chance. We were originally going to go to guisseppes. Thank god we didn't go. This place was amazing. It's a small place but very intimate. Staff was so attentive and welcoming. Food was awesome. I got the lobster ravioli and my boyfriend got the "boo boos baked spaghetti" both were delicious. For dessert we ordered the pumpkin gelato. It was so creamy and hit the spot. Definitely found my spot!
Service Was Great. Food was Meh.
I was in town to run a half marathon and I was looking for a local pasta place.  I checked Yelp and found Buon Gusto.  The ratings were great so decided to give it a try.  I can honestly say, it was worth the trip.  The place is really small and certainly local.  We arrived early (4:00 pm) since we had a show to catch, but I knew I needed to eat prior to the show.  The restaurant was already getting busy even at this time of day.  We were a group of 5 so we were seated at one of the 2 larger tables.  The waitress was really friendly and helpful.  The food was amazing. The portions were ok, I would truly recommend the side portion dishes as they appeared to be almost the same size as the full portions but they are way cheaper.  The only thing I did not cared for was that we had to keep asking for more bread ( which the bread is awesome and could not get enough of it :) so we asked for additional bread since we were 5 adults and the bread is not large.  But once we asked we got more bread, so it was ok.  Overall, the food maybe a bit more expensive than a chain Italian place, but I rather pay a little more for a small local business that the food is good.  Not to mention, they serve Coca cola products, which is awesome.  Many restaurants in the area serve Pepsi, it is just not the same to have a "Pepsi and rum"...
Walked in to the smell of cleaning agents.  They had mopped the floors.  It was nice and warm inside, brick wall paper, picnic table cloths Christmas music on the radio. Server greeted us quickly.  Ordered Caesar salad with my spinach and cheese ravioli. Our salad was sitting on the counter for 5 min before being brought to our table.  We found ourselves waiting for the main a bit longer than we anticipated.  The server apologized for the wait.  I requested my ravioli with Alfredo sauce.  It tasted great!     The sauce nice and thick. I remembered reading on the menu that our meal comes with bread.  I asked our server he responded, "would you like some?"   As we are once again waiting... I find myself slowing down so that I can save some pasta to enjoy with the bread. Yayy! The bread is here.... Nice little loaf. Soft and warm inside with a thin harder crust. I was in the mood for dessert but opted out to avoid more wait time.  Our check was brought out on a cute plate that looks like a slice of pizza.  Looked cool against the picnic table cloth. We waited for everything except for our bill.  The prices looked good on the menu $8 Lunch with salad.   My ravioli was around $10. It would have been a good price, but I was charged $2.95 to change my sauce and an extra $2.50 for Caesar instead of the regular side salad.  The server did not inform me of any of those charges. Overall the server was pleasant, my food tasted good, but I would have liked our food to come in a timely manner.
Food so good I'd lick the plate. Service makes you feel like your in a four star restaurant. T
Delicious!  I've had the lobster ravioli, fettuccine alfredo, mushroom ravioli, and various tortellini dishes.  I love love love their house dressing (Italian type vinaigrette), and the chunk of bread you get with every meal.  We have yet to dine in, as we tend to do a lot of take-out for our date nights while the kids are in bed, but I have no reason to believe it would do anything but improve our opinion of the place!  It's my current favorite Italian place in Vegas/Henderson.
I have had Buon Gusto bookmarked for some time, and I finally went for lunch.  Very glad I did.  I arrived before noon on a Tuesday and was the only person in the joint.  I was served immediately.  I had the chicken parmesan sub, which comes with a side (choice of fries, cold pasta salad, or dinner salad) for $6.95.  This is a substantial sub, the length of the bread is not long, maybe a little more than 6 inches.  But, it's PACKED full of sauce, cheese, and a perfectly fried chicken cutlet.  I'd rather have more items in the sandwich and a shorter roll than a foot long roll with hardly any ingredients.  So, this was perfect for me.  Everything went together well, the sauce is seasoned well and the chicken is juicy.  This is a great example of what chicken parm subs should be.  And, served with a side for only 7 bucks!  Great price.

Because it was my first time and I had read good things about the meatballs (I also skipped breakfast, so I was sufficiently hungry) I decided to get the side of meatballs, which is $5.95 for 2 large meatballs smothered in sauce.  These were fantastic.  I didn't finish one, like I said, I had the sandwich, but I took the remainder of the meatballs home.  They were even good cold.  Juicy and paired well with the sauce.  These were winners.

Buon Gusto is a fantastic neighborhood Italian joint.  It's reasonably priced and operated by friendly people.  This is what small neighborhood restaurants should be.
This little hole in the wall packs some big taste. We came to this family-owned Italian restaurant to celebrate our friends' engagement.  They are regulars and said we'd love the food; they were right.  We were greeted warmly and informed that the food would take a bit longer due to a large catering order that the kitchen was also cooking.  No matter since it didn't seem like much of a delay at all.  We enjoyed bread, dinner salads, and conversation before our main courses arrived.  I had the chicken marsala and it was a generous helping of three pieces of moist chicken with a very tasty sauce and lots of mushrooms; I highly recommend this dish!  Believe it or not, I didn't have any pasta, but my friend's spaghetti and meatballs looked delicious.  I love little hole-in-the-wall places like this over a chain restaurant any day. The service is friendly and the food is good.
PS-our friends are having Buon Gusto cater their wedding reception, which means I get more chicken marsala tonight--grazie!
A hidden gem in Henderson! A blink and you miss it sort of place, tucked between a Port of Subs and a shoe repair store. This place is truly a Mom-and-Pop sort of place, homemade meals and friendly service. So far, I've tried the Gnocchi all Vodka and the Chicken Trieste. I prefer the chicken. The gnocchi itself was tender and clearly home made, but the sauce tasted more like a cheese sauce than a tomato Vodka. 
The Chicken Trieste consists of thin sauted chicken breasts in a red wine sauce with mushrooms and artichokes. Your order comes with a side of penne pasta, perfect for the extra sauce with the chicken. The complimentary bread is delicious, pairing well with all of the various dishes. I haven't yet tried the desserts but I plan to!
Last night was the second time I have eaten here and it was just as amazing as the first time.  Around Halloween they serve up a seasonal pumpkin lasagne that is delicious.  Last night I had the lobster ravioli with creamy roasted red pepper sauce that was spectacular. We love the quaint atmosphere and that this is not some generic chain Italian place.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. We have gone here for years and enjoyed the food and service from the family owned restaurant. Well....just went today and either it has changed hands or is under new management. None of the previous family owners or staff were there. It was sooooo dark in the place that we had to use the flashlight on the cell phone to read the menu. We should have left at that point.
My partner ordered a lunch special which was a slice of pizza and a side salad. I ordered a hot sandwich which also came with a side salad. I asked what dressings they had and when the waiter mentioned caesar dressing I said I would have that. He then told me that caesar dressing was $1 extra. Told him not to bother. We then ordered our drinks. He never bothered to bring staws and we had to ask for them.
About 5 min later my partner was served her pizza and salad. Her salad had ranch dressing on it but you had to really look to find any. Guess ranch is expensive as well?? I got my salad. After about another 5 min I asked if there was a problem with my sandwich and was told rather rudely that it took time and would be ready soon. Another 10 min and my partner had already finished her food and I told they guy to forget the sandwich and bring the bill. He rudely told me it had only been 5 min and it would be ready soon. Anyway he finally bright the bill and had charged us for all the food and drink even though I had cancelled the sandwich before it was served. We gave him a $20 bill and asked for change.
The revised bill and change did not show up so went to the counter and told him to give me the change and to revise the bill. Eventually another person came over and revised the bill and we got our change and left.
I have not had this rude of service anywhere in years and not once did anyone in the restaurant apologize or even say they were sorry. The pizza was just ok, dont know about the rest of the food.....never got any. The staff even had the nerve to suggest that rather than change the bill they would fix the sandwich to go. It would only take a couple of minutes. !!!! Right !!!!!
Anyway dont know when it changed hands but this place is horrible now. Will not go back...you could not pay me enough money to return.  There are many more places to eat in the area and suggest you try any of them....they cant be as bad as this place. No wonder they had so few customers.
Lovely place!! Sometimes the best spots are right around the corner, hidden and unnoticed. The ambiance is very Italian!! Lol I feel like I am in an Italian village upon sitting down. The servers are extra courteous! I love it! :) Very respectful. The food is really good!
A local favorite.  Fresh baked bread hot out of the oven with a delicious garlic, balsamic vinegarette to start.  A crisp Caesar salad and the Penne e Broccoli(I like the wheat penne).  Dinner was delish . Love the service here.  It feels like home. I recommend this to anyone looking for a genuine Italian homemade dish.
One of my girlfriends invited us out to this place with the promise of everything tasting awesome on a Friday night.  It's located in a small shipping center and if you're driving by, you would miss it!

We had to wait for a little bit, probably 20 minutes, but this place is small and it was 6:30 on a Friday night.  While we were waiting, the kitchen gave us free garlic knots.  

Once seated, we were seen by our waitress immediately for drinks and appetizers.  We ordered the fried ravioli, cheesy garlic bread, and  calamari. Everything was good, but the fried ravioli was the best I've ever had!  It had plenty of filling and just enough crisp.

For dinner I ordered Bobos baked spaghetti and Sean ordered lasagna. It was all very tangy and delicious! If you hate garlic, maybe you won't like it so much but we do and we loved it! It was even better the next day.

We'll definitely be back for date night!  It's family friendly and has a nice dark atmosphere.
Went for lunch and was pretty excited based on all the good reviews. Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. Maybe they do Better dinner wise? My boyfriend and I both had sandwiches. They were alright. Only one older gentleman was really doing any work, our server. Willing to give it another shot though. Will probably order dinner to go instead.
This restaurant "used to be great."    It was recently sold and the new owners have made some changes that we really feel have made this restaurant a "no go" for my husband and me. 

First, I have given this place a "second try" hoping that the new owner was just getting it together.    We arrived on what appeared to be a slow Tuesday evening.   I had to wait for 5 minutes before being seated - this is a small place and they were not busy!   I was finally shown to a table which was next to the kitchen......hello, could you have given me a better table towards the back?   

I sat and waited for my husband to join me about 10 minutes later.    The food we ordered was extremely salty!    When the Owner came over to ask how our meal was, I told him the sauce was extremely salty and I couldn't eat it.   He then, get this, told me that only seniors from Sun City Anthem tell him this and they aren't a very good judge of food due to their age.   What??????    He also said that he hears this about once a month.......really?

BTW, I ordered the chicken Parm dinner and the presentation was awful and the chicken was pressed, processed chicken.    

Never returning to this restaurant.     If I could give this restaurant no stars I would have done that in this review.
Great food!! Excellent service!! Chicken marsala...new favorite!! Also had chef Joel's homemade bread pudding...let me just say OMG! Awesome!
This is a surprise strip mall find. It's a tiny spot, tucked away at the very end of the strip mall. It's nothing fancy to look at it, but it's cute and has an authentic feel. It can get busy, but we only had to wait maybe 10 minutes for a table to free up.

The staff were very polite, friendly, and attentive. Our waters were never empty, we were checked on numerous times, etc.

It's a pizza, pasta, and other Italian fare restaurant (duh). I was quite excited to see penne alla vodka on their menu (a serious fav of fine). They also have some delicious sounding raviolis and other pasta items. Everything we ordered was great and delicious. Portions are good - not overwhelmingly large, but you might walk out with leftovers. And most everything comes with a soup or salad. Neither are anything particularly good or fancy, but they get the drop down. The bread and olive oil garlic dip is delicious.

They have a small drink menu with at least one of most types of popular wines and some bottled beers. It's nothing to write home about, but it's enough to compliment your meal.

All in all, a very pleasant meal was had here. We were well taken care of. The food was yummy. And everything was decently priced. So yay! I've found a new neighborhood restaurant.
This is the best Italian place in Henderson as far as I'm concerned. And a bunch of people must agree because the last two times I've been we've had to wait for a table. It's small, but the food is outrageously good. Especially for the price. The team of regular servers that you'll see everytime you go are outstanding. The prices are more than reasonable considering the quality.  Secretly I hope not too many people find out about this place because it's clear they are going to blow up and then it will be impossible to get in. They are destined for a much bigger space. The pizza is excellent, but the pasta dishes are the stars here.
Went on a Mon eve with 3 others based on a friend's recommendation. The food was average @ best. Calamari and pizza were average. Crab cakes were horrid; deep fried to resemble oily hockey pucks and for 18$, expected a bit better than freezer to fryer. Wine helped.

Chef/new owner stopped by table to ask how food was and gave honest opinion that crab cakes usually not deep fried, particularly Italian style. Chef said that he could not change the recipe as he has so many regulars. I would question the palettes of that demographic. He asked where i was from originally and when advised from east coast he responded that east coasters are too picky about seafood. Eh? 

He is young and in need of serious guidance on customer relations, Italian cuisine, freshness, and interior design. Maybe a visit back east is what he may need?

Am giving it two stars as our server was quite friendly and helpful.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon when the dining room was closed but they were cooking orders for pickup. I had a really nice chat with Joel while I waited for my pizza and gnocchi. Nice people run this place and the food is delicious. I've been here several times between 2012 and 2014 and have had consistently good food and good service. It feels good to support local business and be enthusiastic about it. This place has always been great and continues to be.
Went the other night with the fam and had the gnocci with pesto cream sauce...OMG!!! It tasted like little pillows of heaven. Is it sad to admit I'm still thinking about it 3 days after I ate it. Can't wait to go back and have it again.
This restaurant is a family favorite. Whenever we descend upon Vegas, we always make a point to have dinner from Buon Gusto! My favorite (and always will be) is the Penne alla Vodka. But honestly, every item that we have ordered has been amazing!
Just wish I had been here before now! Have seen it for years. Finally made it in as a friend took me for bday!!! I am somewhat jaded about Italian because lived in NY for years. Love pasta sauce.. pizza. Atmosphere and service. Great for family night out.. date night. Or take out. Will be back.
My parents have been trying to get me to try this place for months. We grew up with the best Italian food in NY and this place is just like being in a typical Mom & Pop Italian restaurant in NY. The veal parmigiana was unbelievable. So thin and tender the butter knife slipped right through it. The portion was also huge. 3 cutlets filling the whole plate. Had to take alot of it home. We also had the Seafood Del Mar which is basically Seafood Fra Diavolo. Amazing. Just the right amount of kick in the spicy marinara sauce. Tasty muscles, clams, shrimp and calamari. Very friendly and attentive staff. Very reasonable prices. Highly recommended.
Great lunch specials.  Great service and I love there meat ball sandwiches.  Definitely a great local family owned restaurant. An asset to are neighborhood.
We decided to try this place because of the other (mostly) great reviews on Yelp and it was close to our house.  I was craving Italian and wanted to try a non-chain restaurant.  We arrived at the restaurant at around 630 on a Wednesday evening and the place was full.  It is a very small restaurant with about 8 tables total, but we were seated and greeted very quickly and with a smile.  I will say that the service we received was very friendly - no issues there.

I ordered the baked lasagna and added a Caesar salad ($3 surcharge), my wife ordered the shrimp scampi, my son the spaghetti & meatballs and my daughter the kid's fettuccine alfredo with the broccoli cheese soup.  We were provided a bread basket with oil and balsamic vinagarette - tasty.  The ambiance was fine, although we were seated right next to the kitchen door - it's a small place, so that wasn't really an issue for us.

We received our salads and soups and I will say that both me and my son were disappointed with the caesar salads - the lettuce was drenched in dressing and it wasn't very pleasant.  I certainly don't think it was anything special to warrant an additional $3 upcharge from a regular salad.  The soup, however, was very tasty.  Our entrees arrived shortly after and after tasting a few bites, we all looked at each other with a level of disappointment.  The food is NOT bad at all; however, we certainly have had much better at other places.  The meals, in general, were very bland.  There was nothing special about any of the entrees and it certainly did not warrant the price $15+ each.  There are a lot of Italian eateries in town and there was nothing at this place that would compel me to return.  We wanted to really like this place as we are all in favor of supporting family-owned businesses, but the taste has to be there and it wasn't for us.
This is a little Italian restaurant nestled into a strip mall on Horizon Ridge/Eastern.  I liked the cute, casual, Italian chef-style decor and the service which was very friendly and attentive.  The bread was delicious...I wasn't even hungry anymore when my food came!  The ravioli was good...but nothing spectacularly awesome to set it apart from any other Italian joint.  My husband said the same about the ziti.  I would return to try out their lunch specials, but I can't see returning to spend 40 plus dollars on dinner.
We decided to come here on a whim wanting to try something new and it was actually really good. My husband got a large pizza with chicken and sundried tomatoes. I ordered the chicken Parmesan.  The pizza was okay but the chicken Parmesan was very very good.  I would come back for the chicken Parmesan for sure!  The manager was very nice and talkative but our actual waiter wasn't that great; maybe it was just an off night for him.  The gelato was super yummy too!
Finally had the time to try this place since it's been in my bookmarks for quite a while. It has a really casual feel to it and was really clean. Their menu had a lot of different options of pastas, entrees, pizzas, salads and sandwiches including 8 lunch specials for $8, Tuesday- Friday, 11-4pm. I wanted to try them but I  was craving pasta and for some reason I'm really weird and feel like if I have pasta without any meat/chicken (what all their pasta lunch specials were ), I feel like my meal is incomplete. I know I know, I'm weird lol. Sooo I ended up trying the sausage and mushroom rigatoni and my boyfriend tried the chicken trieste. It took a little long, about 20 minutes for them to come out when there was only us and another small table dining. Oh and all entrees come with a salad and fresh baked  bread but just like Jill D. said in her review they didn't bring us any bread so we asked for it since my boyfriend's entree didn't come with any pasta and he needed something to soak up all the delicious sauce! Definitely ask for it if they don't bring you any, it's a little bread loaf of perfection; warm, chewy and comes with garlic evoo! Yum Yum!!  The main thing I was surprised about and not expecting were their rich and creamy sauces and the fact that they definitely were not skimpy with it or their ingredients. And thank goodness their sauces actually stuck onto the pasta and didn't slide right off.  Usually when I order a type of sausage pasta in other places,  I'll get like 5 pieces of sausage perfectly placed on top and we call it a day but this pasta here was LOADED!!!! I feel like there was 3 links of chopped sausage in there and same with the mushrooms! The pasta also was cooked well, not too mushy or too hard. Sometimes I feel like Goldilocks describing porridges lol but really, it was "just right"! :) My boyfriend's dish was also a little plate of perfection! The flavor of the sauce was just soo delicious! Yes I know, I'm sprung on their sauces lol. It had a really nice wine flavor and was loaded with artichoke hearts and mushrooms on top of two chicken breasts. 
Why is there missing one star you ask? Well, it's because of the service. Everyone was really nice and professional yet I had to request our waiter to fill my water after waiting a few minutes and after he visited our table and didn't notice. I also had to request for the bread. I hate requesting for things, I mean if it says it comes with it, then just bring it out! I also had to request extra silverware when he took it away with our salads but didn't bring any new ones to us with our entrees. However, we didn't have to request our check lol. Don't get me wrong, these people weren't just standing around being lazy, they were all doing tasks and were hard working  but you can't forget about your customers! Overall, better than I expected and will definitely be back especially for the price! :)
I love pizza here, you can design your own pizza, that's so great!. However, i decided to give 4 stars 'coz of 2 following reasons:
- Your menu makes me confused 
- Too noisy when enjoying your meal
Meh, meh, meh. After waiting 25 minutes and watching everyone who ordered after us get their food first, I was treated to a very generic baked ziti. The sauce was extremely sour and tasted worse than grocery store pasta sauce. My husband had the pleasure of being served linguine del mar with three unopened mussel shells. After pointing this out to the server, he said sorry and quickly rushed off. There was no offer to redo the dish, to bring up mussels that are actually open or to offer a discount of some sort. 

I'm appalled that the cook either didn't notice the defective mussels or just didn't care. I'm even more appalled that we were expected to pay full price for a dish that did not deliver what was promised.

The only memorable things that I will take away from this restaurant are the poor customer service and boring food.
My friend and I decided to come here a few days ago since: 1. I had never been and 2. she hadn't been in a while. When we go there, the venue was very small, and we had to move the table forward so we could both sit comfortably (I'm 6'8").

The waiter was very professional, which was nice to see. He was able to accommodate my friends tomato allergies and make suggestions around it as well. We looked at the menu and almost everything was at least $14. Luckily, we had gotten there around lunch time, so we were able to chose from a menu of $8. Unfortunately, there is no substitutions on that menu, so my friend could only goose from two dishes. 

I asked the waiter what the portions were like for the lunch menu, and he said that they were just a smidgen smaller than the dinner plate. We both ordered our drinks and food, and that's when we got bamboozled. They added $3 for the chicken in my chicken Alfredo, and when I asked for caesar dressing, they wanted to up charge me another $2. I said no, so we waited for our meals. My coke was pretty flat, so I was already in a sour mood about that. When the chicken Alfredo got there, it was 40% pasta and 60% sauce. The chicken tasted off and was very watery. We wanted to get dessert, but the next time we saw the waiter, he brought us our check instead of asking about dessert. We took that as a sign and went elsewhere. 

Overall: 1 star for atmosphere, 1 star for waiter experience, 1 star for allergy accommodations, -1 star for price/up charging, -1 star for food quality. I probably would not come here again unless I had too, and I probably would not recommend it to anyone else.
All I can say is this. I live in this area and ate there a few times under the old ownership for which the owner was a complete douchebag. After watching this family on the Food Network I thought, "Didn't you do your homework?" Based on the former owner's reputation, I would have changed the name or stressed the fact that they are under new ownership. The food was God aweful. After all, you are talking about a city that rated the Olive Garden as "Vegas Best Italian Restaurant" for at least 10 years. I would rather go to Montesano's. I love to patronize a family business. Maybe i will give them a shot.
Growing up in New York, I'm accustom to having great meatballs & sauce! Well this place has the best meatball! The service was excellent! We will come back !
Waited over 30 minutes for our food. Was it worth it? Nope. Food didn't have any taste I had to season myself.  I don't think I wanna come back again. Poor server was really nice. But What's up with the kitchen? What a shame.
I came here twice in the past month with friends locally and then some really authentic friends from New York.  Here is my dealio.

a. 5 Star - The chef / owner comes out to talk with you.  Love it!  Very cool.

b.  3 Star - Food - Pretty darn good. I had the Shrimp Fradiavolo and you know what, it was okay. I am not sure if it was the small shrimp size or the small quantity of shrimp, it was just okay.  Came back a few days later and had the Linguine Del Mar. I liked this dish much more.  The noodles were just right, al dente.  The seafood was very tasty and tender. Again, they don' tout much in your dish, but this was a very tasty, tender dish.

c.  Aw Shucks - My friends from New York are both Italian and I have eaten many italian dishes in New York / Long Island.  They drove here from the strip because I was remembering Buon Gusto from the old days and all I can say was, they were really not I guess, "whelmed"  .  Is that even a word?  They were not overwhelmed or underwhelmed. 

d.  Service - The week  before the service I had was really great!  The wine was good, the bantering was great and our experience was just right.  This last time, I am not sure how well trained the waiter was, but he got an order wrong, and so two of us started eating our hot dish and the third one came out so late we were done eating and watched her.  I found that odd at best. There was no accommodation, they charged us for everything, but the experience with two people eating , one person waiting and then the other eating after the first two are done, is just plain dopey.

e.  Coffee - Now any great italian food needs to be followed by coffee.  I wanted an espresso and they had a Kuerig machine with the cartridges. My colleague asked for a cappuccino and that was when we learned about the Kuerig.  I was going to ask for an espresso, but I decided not too. I do wonder if they have a proper coffee machine or not, but at this point, after waiting for the food like we did, I did not want to linger any longer.

I really enjoy supporting locally owned restaurants.  I like the atmosphere, the family feeling, the great decor, the nice people.  I will definitely be coming back.  Just not a five star situation at this time based on my last two visits within one week of each other.
Paid way to much for chicken with No Pasta. Giuseppe's  30yards away just as good if not better and they have a $10 menu
Sammy's is a good place.  There's not a whole lot going on as far as charm or character, but it's got decent food.  They have a variety of tapas to start you off, a lot of specialty pizzas, pstas, sandwiches, etc.  And starting at about $10 a pie (these are individuals with lots of leftovers imminent) they're not too expensive. 

This location houses an attached bar that is a secluded and surprisingly awesome place to hang out at, whether you're having a meal or not.
Great 24 hour menu with everything from tapas to pizza to supped up bar food choices.  They have a happy hour from 4pm-7pm and 12am to 8am where the drinks are 2 for 1 and all tapas is half price.  I can't think of another place that offers kobe beef hummus can you?

The pizza wasn't bad but not one of the best in Vegas.  I do like that they offer fat free mozzerella as a choice.  The thin crust pizzas tasted better than the wood fired ones.  They have a TON of different cheeses for pizza including gouda, goat and bulgarian cheese.   

The atmosphere is nothing to go crazy about...standard small bar but who cares with a menu like this?

I am definitely going back here for late night dinner.
Went for lunch here on a whim and enjoyed our meal. 

Nice selection on the menu with a variety of flavors and vegetarian meals.

Started with the Crab, Shrimp, and Artichoke Dip. GF's choice...I thought I would hate it. Turned out to be my favorite part of the meal. Topped with bubbly Romano cheese and served with herb rubbed pita bread. I really loved this. Oh ya and it had huge chunks of soft and sweet garlic.

We shared the Sun-dried Tomato and Goat Cheese Pizza w/ Pine Nuts. This was also very good but kinda small. Also shared a Beef Skewer Salad. Nice amount of beef ( 6 skewers ) but not much else that was that good...some lettuce, peanuts, bean sprouts, and grilled pineapple ( probably made the whole salad worth it ). The salad was $15.99 and just OK. But is was pretty big. 

Next time probably skip the salad and order the one I know I like ( Thai peanut ), or another entree. 

Good for for a decent price. Service was good and tea was great. ( iced passion un-sweetened. ) Nice outside seating also.
this place is a great late night hang out. their tapas are half-price after midnight and the drinks are spot on. we go there as a tattoo shop all the time and we love this place.
On my drive to and from the Las Vegas Strip, I always pass by a restaurant called Sammy's Woodfired Pizza (http://www.sammyspizza.com). Its usually packed so why not give it a try. Our entertainment book had a coupon for $8 off an item. I guess thats better than nothing. The place on a Friday night was pretty busy. We got there at 6pm right in time for happy hour, 4-7pm. The problem? Happy hour is only in the bar and we really wanted to sit in the restaurant portion. Oh wells... So we sit down at a booth and looked over the menu. The menu looks pretty good and we decided to order two tapas and a woodfired pizza. We order the Hummus with Ground Kobe Beef, Chicken Lettuce Cups, and the LaDou's Barbecue Chicken pizza. Overall the food was pretty good. I would definitely eat here again. The prices were reasonable and the portions likewise. Now if I could only get my hands on some more coupons...
Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and had a great experience. The waitress was helpful and knowledgeable. She had good suggestions and when I mentioned I had some dairy issues, she offered to go light on the cheese on my pizza.

The food was all delectable, from the beet/walnut/cheese/spinach salad (surprisingly good with a sweet vinaigrette dressing) to my Thai chicken pizza. Loved it. Would come back for sure.
Our Las Vegas friend suggested duck tacos after hanging out and having some drinks for a late night/ early morning (around 4am) snack.  All we needed to hear was tacos and we were in.  The small bar area of this place is open 24/7 so we stopped in for some half priced tapas (happy hour from midnight to 8am) and to chat with Dave, our friend's friend and an incredibly cool guy that was working the overnight shift.  It was 4am and I didn't want to be stuffed before going to bed, so I only ordered a few dishes.  I had the steak skewers with teriyaki glaze and the garlic cheese bread.  Both were good, but the garlic cheese bread was really good in its garlicy and cheesy-ness.  I also had one of the duck tacos from one of the others' plates and it was decent, but if I got it again I'd get it without the creamy tomato cilantro sauce.  Overall, I'd say the food is worth 3 or 3.5 stars, but Dave's coolness bumps this location up to a solid 4 stars.
Best pizza in Vegas - and they're open 24 hours! You can order takeout any time of day and the quality is always amazing. The duck tacos are to die for, and they do a great job with hummus and salads. We're working our way through the full pizza menu, and I haven't had one pizza that wasn't head & shoulders above all the other pizza places in Vegas. If you're looking for a good, quality meal late (I'm not talking Taco Bell or Jack In The Box) this is the place to be. Late night dine-in specials include 1/2 off appetizers, and the jukebox isn't half bad...
So like i have mentioned in my posts before, we have a perk at work, they pay for our daily lunch. So today we ordered Sammys.. 
The order was a little larger than normal. We ordered the following:

Lebni Soft Cheese 
3 Orders of the Lobster Bisque 
1 artichoke pizza 
1 order of the Mahi tacos 
1 Steak rolled Tacos 
1 peperoni pizza
1 fettuccine Alfredo

So now that you are hungry and thinking about getting lunch I will go on with the review.

I called early to put in our order, the woman who answered the phone picked up and addressed me as Sweety.. Yeah I know this is a normal thing but hell it is a nice way to start the conversation. Anyways she took the order and read it back like a pro.  She then let me know that the order would be ready in 20 minutes.. I drove down to get our order and the restaurant was empty except for the staff, having the normal morning conversation you would expect. I paid her and she told me it may be a little wait since I came a few minutes early, 5 minutes later I was leaving with a bag full of goods. After the 3 minute drive back to our office my car smelled like a box of deliciousness. By this time my stomach was beginning to scream at me.. So I unpacked our food and we chowed down.. The lobster bisque was amazing.. Chunks of lobster unlike some other places that add some flavor and not full chunks of lobster, I sampled the artichoke pizza and it was awesome... Now, most of the time the people in my place of employment like to talk talk talk while they eat, its like a scene out of my big fat Greek wedding every day about 11'. But today everyone was Grinding the  chow and after the Feast was done... All that everyone had to say was Wow!! 

So to sum it all up this place was great from the minute they picked up the phone. Great service, great food, great price. 

I recommend this place to anyone feeling the need to feed.
I like Sammys, it's not bad of a chain. I like that they have something for everyone, different flavor fusions. 

Pizza has a nice crust and I love all the flavor combos- I like the garlic shrimp so far. Duck tacos were good.My favorite thing is the ahi or salmon sliders. I've been to this one like 3 times and a total of 5 times to a different location so I havent tried much, but all has been good and satisfying portions.

 Why I give it 5 stars is the service was very attentive, some of the best I've gotten at a casual joint actually. This location has a very attentive staff, back of the house was quick with orders but still cooked things right- kudos! One lunch day in particular a mens baseball team, their kids and familes filled the restaurant soon after we ordered. Our waiter was taking care of us even though they got sieged. Drinks didn't get neglected, had a drink before mine was done. Checked on us often and got our tab taken care of fast.  I do appreciate when people are warm and genuinely friendly- service with a smile does count just as equally as speed and attentiveness.
Had the pleasure of having Sammys for lunch again today at work... I ordered the chile lime shrimp tacos.. All i have to say is Sammy you have  done it again. It was amazing, the shrimp was prepared perfect and the chile lime sauce was perfect. We will continue to return with food this good.
Mmmm!!! Organic arugula and pear woodfired pizza AND a passion fruit iced tea. 

My favorite comfort food at my old hangout.

=)
I am not sure why it has taken me so long to review Sammy's...it was my first favorite eatery in Las Vegas and still ranks in the top 5. I know its a chain, but its regional, and has some history in Las Vegas. This is one of the few places we take out of towners, and one of the few places where my family of very picky eaters can all get something they like. My top 3 favorite things about Sammy's are: 1) The pizza...everyone I get is great but the Margarita pizza is my fave. 2) The tapas...I judge all other edamame by  Sammy's standards. I also love their mac & cheese. 3) Salads...they have beautiful and delicious salads. Additionally, I've never had bad service (at this location or the Sunset location) and I like that the menu's differ by location. I didn't realize this until we hit the Sunset location with my brother (a creature of habit) and they didn't have his favorite dish from the W. Sahara location. Enough rambling...I am glad I live on the West side of town now, as this is my favorite location of the bunch, and it was the first in Vegas...
I have been their late every night i go . the grave yard dude is realy cool . me and my girl always get a pizza a app and a salad and have never been dissapointed . place is awsome
Oh sammy!!!  Where do I start?

Great pizza, great kobe sliders, good edemame ....... wait...... oh... wait...is that the Lebna dish I see in the pic?  Oh yes it is.  That Lebna dish is the ish.  What the?!?!?!?!?!  And a big ball of cotton candy for desert?  Over, son!

Why only 4 stars? you might ask.  Well its because I'm always F**kin freezin my butt off cause they have the "AirCon" (for my flips)  on full blast.  Sit outside?  I don't think so.
I was disappointed with my latest trip to Sammy's.  I've eaten there at least 6 times before, but this time everything seems to have gone downhill.  To start, there was no host or hostess around, for a while.  It took forever to even get water, and we were seated outside when it was warm out, so the wait seemed even worse.  It wasn't busy inside, so I'm not quite sure what the hold up was.  Our waiter was friendly, but he seemed to disappear for long stretches, and when our food finally came and we had problems with our orders, he was no where to be found, so another server handled the problems.
As far as the food, the lebni was great as always.  We tried the new White Tuna and Spinach salad, it was very good.  I wanted to try something other than my usual entree, but I couldn't decide what to order.  The waiter recommended the Organic Arugala and Pear Pizza.  I instead ordered the new Diavola Pizza, wanting to try something different.  What a mistake.  It was horrible.  Slabs of hard salami on spinach, with gouda and peppers.  Just too much of a mish mash of tastes for me.  My boyfriend tried the new Sicilian Pizza, and hated it almost just as much.  They replaced our pizza's with a 5 Cheese and a Mozzerella Pizza at no charge, but at that point both of us had lost our appetite.  Next time I'll stick with something tried and true like the LaDou's BBQ Chicken Pizza or try the waiters recommendation for the Arugala & Pear.
I arrived early for a small party here before the rest of the folks did.  Not a problem, I let them know about how many it would be and ordered an appetizer at the bar area.  It kind of angered me they did not get a table ready for us.  Even after they all arrived they still did not get a table ready, they just sat us all at three seperated places near each other.  I moved from the bar, to a table then moved again to another table still in the same party and I could tell the servers were getting mad.  Really it wouldn't have been a problem if they had just prepared a table for us all in the first place.  Though I shouldn't really complain all of our drinks were re-filled constantly and another server (which was not ours) hid and served a birthday cake for the guest of honor.  The restaraunt smelled great and the food was decent but I doubt I'd come here again.
Happy Hour at  4-6pm daily-Tapas, Beer and Wine menus at half-price. 

I LOVE the Baba Ghanoush w/grilled pita bread #nom!!

Pizza is only so-so but the macaroni & cheese is GREATTTT!!!

Also sign up on their website for the TASTY BYTES and get a FREE Pizza and lots of special offers.
Great food! Good atmosphere! They also have a 24hr bar attached which serves the same food and has a happy hour.
This place is awesome especially late late nights and you know someone who works behind the bar. Happy hour menu for food is like tacos here in LA but here you can order duck tacos. (I didn't stutter, did I?) Among other things you can order here but you know what? My gravy train is over as I heard our in is gone so it's time to get out. Nothing lasts forever but it was great while it lasted. Thank you very much for the hospitality!!
I had eaten at this same restaurant in San Diego, so when I came across one in Vegas, I got pretty excited. Unfortunately, this location wasn't as good. It might be because it's open 24 hours and it's in the worst city to live in, but the service was pretty bad. The pizza we ordered was also more greasy than what I had remembered, and it took forever to get everything. We ordered hummus as an appetizer and they gave us a huge serving of it, with very little pita bread which was annoying. The price and portions aren't bad and I liked that I was just the right amount of full after my meal vs. the usual stuff-your-face buffets scattered throughout Vegas.
had the new york pizza, and cheese bread. both pretty good. but not reeeeaallly good. a cool place to go for lunch or dinner, i always like places with out door seating.
The room and the vibe wasn't bad but I came in for lunch and there were about 10 people in the room. I got the chicken fettucine at lunch and it was gummy. Boo

They did remake the plate. Hope it's better.

So upon receiving the remade pasta plate, both the waitress AND I were surprised at the amazing improvement there was. Which had me beg the question: if you knew that the actual dish should (and could) look like what we ended up with,, why on earth would you even send that sub-par  plate of food.
 Makes me a little nervous about this place.

I do, however, like the little outdoor vibe for drinks, so my recommendation is, if you wanna go with some friends after work for a quick after work drink, it might be cute for a bit, but if you want food...it may be good, but it may not be.
Apparently the quality control is a bit iffy.
Loved it - the Feta pizza was to die for. I love that they have a gluten-free menu as well. The Caesar salad was delicious but way over-dressed, which is why I gave 4 stars not 5. The service was great. And they even have gluten-free beer!
Sammy's at W. Sahara has great food, great service, and a great atmosphere!  This is the place to go if you want the ultimate restaurant experience! It also has the best happy hour in town consisting of half off ALL liquor, beer wine, and apps! 4-6 everyday and 12-8am in the Bar.  Definitely a must if ever in the Las Vegas area.
Great Mac-and-Cheese for the kid.... Mom and Dad were happy too!
This time I strayed away from my usual Hummus and Thai Salad. Those items are both delicious but I figured it was called Sammy's Woodfired Pizza for a reason. I can't let all this time pass and not try the pizza right? 

The pizza here isn't huge... they are a little bigger than a personal pan pizza at Pizza Hut. Sammy's gives you some healthy options for the crust you can either get wheat crust for a dollar more or gluten free for I think $3.00 dollars more. I opted for the wheat crust because I'm not sure what health benefits gluten free would have on me. I'm not used to making healthy choices but I try...sometimes. I was afraid the crust would be hard and stale but it was very fresh and fluffy inside. My topping for my order was Mozzarella with fresh basil. The cheese was nice and gooey like gum which in my book is a good thing! 

It was a chilly day so I also ordered a bowl of Lobster Bisque soup. This is my first time having it and I was happy that it had a creamy texture. There were little bits of lobster in it and it didn't leave a weird after taste in my mouth. It was pretty tasty! 

My husband and I shared the Warm Crispy Donuts which were served with a side of chocolate sauce and raspberry sauce. They melted in your mouth especially with the addicting dipping sauces!
I am not really a pizza person and I was kind of worried about going to a restaurant that specialized in pizza.. But I was pleasently surprised! 

My boyfriend and I came here on a weeknight and it was so great! We ordered hummus before our actual meal and the hummus was so warm and the bread taste like it was made right there in the kitchen! It was so good! 

We then ordered our pizza and it was a perfect size for just us two and we even took some home! The service was so great and they were attentive with out over doing it! It was such a great experience and I will be back for sure!
That sundae is ridiculous. DO IT!
Food was good, I had the Thai Chicken pizza and it was good. There were a little too many peanuts in it and the mint was a little too strong. But, it was good and I will try again.
I was craving pizza and didn't want to settle for the regular, doughy kind, I wanted a wood fire, thin crust pizza and we drove right by only to make the U-turn. 
We had been here a few times before, but to be truthful, couldn't recall what I had, but remembered I like it! A quick look at the pizza's and I knew it would be the spicy Italian sausage. 
When it arrived, it was very thin crust indeed, so thin, the juices from the sausage and mushrooms seemed to have melted through the crust, it was impossible to eat without a utensil. 
My hubby was trying to do right and keep to his diet, so he ordered the Caesar salad with chicken breast, it had to be the biggest salad, it was big enough for the two of us and then some!  
Overall, the staff was quick with the refills, friendly, the place smelled really good, and the pizza, well, I would definitely try again.
This is a fave place for our daughters. They are always well treated by the staff and there is something both of them like to eat on the menu.  It is also next to a yogurt shop which sweetens the deal.
Wifey was jonezing for one of those sloppy sundaes, so we dropped by Sammy's again. We also split a BBQ Chicken Pizza which was aight.
I noticed the new desserts section and their doughnuts sounded good, so I got those which came with two different sauces. If a restaurant offers doughnuts for dessert, you'll more than likely end up disappointed and are better off at somewhere like Ronald's...ALOHA!!!
My wife and I went for Happy Hour the yesterday. They have happy hour everyday from 4-6pm and again the bar area from midnight till 8am. All tapas are half price. we got skewers, pot stickers, coconut shrimp and lettuce wraps with a couple of soft drinks for 25 bucks. Food was very good. Service and price were great. We also tried their new desert which was warm donuts. The waiter said since it was our first time trying it it was on him. Cant beat it. Will defiantly be back very soon for more tapas.
Service was very good.  Pizza was just okay.  I came here three years ago and have been thinking about the tiramisu.  They don't have it any more.  Bring it back...thats the reason I came here.  The dessert menu seriously lacks.
I posted a four-star review of the Flamingo location about a week ago. Shortly after, my husband and I tried the one on West Sahara. Since then we've back three times; that probably tells you how we've grown to feel about this place. Sammy's absolutely rocks.

Their Happy Hour is unbeatable -- half-price drinks and tapas and the portion sizes are huge. Order two tapas and try to go home without leftovers; we've yet to manage it. So far the standout dishes are the duck tacos, the beet and arugula salad and the spiced beef hummus. Also amazing: the Kobe beef chili, the oak roasted asparagus and, of course, the Messy Sundae.

The service is always friendly, warm and efficient and and the value for money is outstanding even when it's not Happy Hour. The wine list is decent, too. If you haven't tried it out, definitely do so -- you won't be disappointed.
As you can see from my previous review, I am definitely a fan of Sammy's Wood-fired Pizza. Love the franchise. However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good. 

I went there for lunch a couple of days ago because I was craving their delicious vegan cheese pizza, add pineapples. It was somewhat busy, but not over-crowded. Although our server was very friendly, service in itself left something(s) to the imagination. I ordered their hummus as an appetizer which never made an appearance. The pineapples from my pizza were absent, but the bug in my boyfriend's drink was very present. For some reason, our pizzas just didn't taste as good that day which greatly saddened us. 

Who knows? Maybe it was an off day for them. I think I'll just stick with the Sammy's on Sunsent in Hendes from here on out though.
I've been here a couple of times now and the pizza is perfectly fine, but nothing special in my opinion.  If you like thick crust pizza, this is not the place for you, everything here is thin and crispy, which happens to be how I like it.  The toppings are fresh and flavorful, but sometimes I wish they would use more of them on the pizza.  The service here has been fine and helpful, and parking is easy as it's a private lot.
The bf and I come here for late night eats! We always order the shrimp and crab dip, chicken tequila fettucine and pizza! Fav pizza is the garlic chicken. Never disappointed =)
i went here for lunch today with my boyfriend. the service was good, and worthy of a good tip. the food on the other hand was not what i had expected. strange, because we've gone here in the past and really enjoyed our experience.

we ordered duck tacos and lettuce wraps to start. to drink i ordered a hefeweizen and my boyfriend ordered the tenaya creek local draft which we both enjoyed. everything about the duck tacos was amazing except the duck. it was dry and mostly tasteless. the lettuce wraps were alright, like every other lettuce wrap i've had but a little on the salty side. then we ordered a tuscan pizza and a sicilian pizza to share. both were good, but i thought the tuscan was wayyyy too salty. i'm almost positive it was the olives. for dessert we ordered the fudgy sundae.... it came to us in a wine glass on a plate sans the fudge. instead, it was a nasty corn syrupy chocolate sauce (the kind you squirt out of a bottle) that poured over the side of the glass and covered the plate, which was really unappetizing to me. the brownie in it wasn't actually a brownie but these cookie-like pieces. not at all what i had anticipated for $8.50.

all in all i felt that for the 60 bucks we paid, the food was sub par. i'm sure we'll go back again, but we'll definitely be trying something that hopefully contains a little less sodium. i think i give up on the desserts from here, they only have 5 things to choose from anyway.
It's lunch. I'm hungry. I want something healthy. It seems like every sentence starts with an "I" word. I'm not shocked. I'm vain, sometimes.

Ha.

Today, I chose Sammy's. I was out and about Las Vegas with my parents and they tend to be picky eaters. So I thought back to some of my friends who have special meal requests, and I lovingly thought of my friend Katie K. who introduced me to Sammy's a while back. 

Katie has a distinguished palate when it comes to food, so I figured this would be a good, safe place to bring my parents.

We were in the area, so I hopped on Yelp, got some directions, and Boom Boom Pow....we were at Sammy's.

Between the three of us, we shared two pizzas. Enough food for everyone on this light afternoon lunch. The vegetarian pizza (eggplant, peppers, onions, and such), and my all time favorite pizza (goat cheese, sauteed wild mushrooms and spinach).

Everything was fantastic. Fairly healthy, not overly greasy, full of flavor, and a meal that just makes you happy.

Service is very good, and the menu is quite diverse. 

I can't wait to come back for the Tapas menu!

Sammy's is going to be my "go-to" before big night's out in Vegas!

P.S. For you chain hater's....yeah, it's a chain. Mostly in San Diego, but it's a great one. Not a major one like CPK though. Local vibe still!

P.P.S. There is a 24 Hour Bar attached to this location! Score!
This place is garbage.  Every few years I end up here for some reason and by the end of the meal every time I think to myself, "why did I come back here?"

The epitome of bad chain-restaurant food.  Their namesake pizza is all dough and the crust is soft.  Crust should be crusty, not like a big slab of white bread.

The menu is a bland sampling of everything popular at other restaurants.  Tapas?  Really?  Those are not tapas.  They're appetizers.  Chicken Lettuce Wraps stolen from Pf Chang are not tapas.  Garlic bread, dumplings, baba ghanoush, thai chicken skewers.  What the hell is this menu?  These are appetizers, not tapas.  Also this is a crappy, bready-ass pizza place with wilted lettuce salads and bottled dressings and surely no real chef anywhere near the kitchen.

They want to please all of the suburban happy-hour housewives out there sipping an overpriced glass of grocery-store chardonnay so they lay out every bs thing that is trendy on someone else's menu.  Sliders and tapas and wraps and hummus and chicken lettuce wraps and pizza and tacos and burgers and doughnuts.  Enough.

If you want sliders, hit slidin thru.  If you want tapas, go to Firefly.  If you have a hankering for pizza, go to Settebello or Aurelio's or Due Forni.  Hungry for tacos?  Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo.  This place specializes in bad renditions of food done way better elsewhere, made for people who don't know any better or don't care.

Just do one thing well!  Your namesake pizza is a disgrace.  Start there.

Another warning sign of a crummy restaurant is when you see trademark signs after their menu items.  Welcome to Chili's or Applebee's or Sammy's or whatever other pre-made frozen garbage restaurant with sauces that show up at the backdoor every monday in a  bag.  Everything heated up to order!

Bleccch.

So bad I get mad.
So, after almost 3 hours and spending over $100.00, we were told by our server in the bar, the "regulars" thot we were too loud!  There were maybe 5 people other than our party in the bar, 3 of t hem were alone & playing at the video poker machine.   It's a bar!  Then, when i called to speak with the manager to advise what my feelings were, he stated he would make the regional manager aware of the situation, since she was "right there" & they would contact me.  Still waiting!
I love a good salad - and Sammy's has some of my favorites! They have several options in the $10ish range, and service is speedy so it's a great stop for lunch. I like the shrimp salad with feta cheese and sunflower seeds and the chinese chicken salad is a close second. While their pizzas are pretty fantastic (Brie and mushroom, heck yes!), their lighter fare is quite tasty as well.
I've been to all four locations at Sahara, 2-15, Flamingo, and Green Valley.  Never got bad service at any of them.  They do tend to get really swamped during lunch time at the Sahara and Flamingo location by businessmen.  They have amazing happy hour pricing between 3pm- 6pm.  

I'm just gonna lay out a list of good tapas there.  The mini duck tacos,  the coconut shrimp skewers, chicken lettuce cups, mac & cheese, and the hummus is yum!

My favorite pizza is the truffle & brie pizza.  It's crispy, thin crusted, layered with melted brie cheese and mushrooms and truffle oil.  It's a nice change in taste compared to the usual mozarella cheeses used in pizza.  I added prociutto to it sometimes if I'm feeling a little carnivorous. 

The salads are always ice cold and fresh.  You can't go wrong with the Caesar Salad served with grilled chicken breast.  The romaine lettuce is always ice cold all the times I've had it, and its's served with dressing is savory & tangy.  The Chilled Roasted Vegatable Salad is definitely is my favorite guilt-free salad.  It has edamame, tomatoes, mozarella pearls, spinach, drizzled with olive oil and balsalmic vinegar. 

If you haven't tried this place out...you're missing out.
This is a follow up of my 11/7 review:  i was contacted by the regional manager of sammy's.  She apologized for the lack of management attention & supervision with regards to our situation in which our server minimized us as patrons.  She's invited us to give sammy's another try.  We will, but not @ the west sahara one.  I appreciate the phone validating my review.  Thank yiu.
Brought friends to enjoy a nice Friday night dinner. I was recommended to this place and went there last night. Food was alright but we were laughing and having a good time when they asked our party to keep quiet. We found out the lady who complained left before the bartender told us but still insisted we tone down our "good" time. We spent $140 in meals and drinks so we got up , paid our bill and we will never go to this place ever.
I used to like Sammy's until today! I ordered a grilled shrimp salad and I was enjoying it until I saw a cricket all covered in my dressing without legs, so I supposed or either those legs where somewhere else in my salad or I already ate them. I went to the bathroom and puked it up. They just said: Sorry!, and paid for it. People!, check the food before it gets out from the kitchen or at least, cover it so nothing lands on it. Disgusting!!
This is my first review for this branch of Sammy's.  We've been here many times before, so it's unfortunate for them that I chose to review it this time.

The last few visit to Sammy's have been at their Centennial and Flamingo locations, and I raved about it.  This time wasn't such a fortuitous event.  

We shared one of their Tapas appetizers, the hummus with kobe beef, and that was fabulous.  It came with triangles of seasoned pita that stayed crisp to the end, and we sure did finish every drop of the hummus.

We followed it up with our standard - The Thai chicken salad.  The last time we had this was at the Centennial Sammy's, and it was so big we couldn't finish it.  This time it was skimpy, with half the amount of chicken, and not enough of the greens for us to be fully satisfied, and I'm not a big eater.  There used to be two sizes of this salad, but it was changed before we had it at Centennial, so it's definitely not a case of us having ordered a larger size last time.

When we commented to the waiter (our waitress seemed to have disappeared and he was the only one working the room), he asked if we wanted to change it for something else.  We didn't.  It was late, and we'd already gone through most of it, which wasn't hard to do this time.  He then asked my husband if he'd like another beer.  It sure sounded as if he were comping it as a result of our negative comment, but when he brought the bill, there was the charge for that second beer!!  He did remove it, but it seemed to go hand in hand with the indifferent and unfriendly service that took over when our waitress split.

This Sammy's is a bit closer to our house than the others, and is usually more convenient when we're on our way back from the Strip or environs, but next time we'll have to rethink it.
I love this place! I get off work late so I end up coming to the bar for late night dinner about once a week. After 2AM is their happy hour, all appetizers are half off! (As well as beer specials). The duck tacos, chicken satays, and steak skewers are a must try. So bomb! 

I've had two different bartenders/servers. One is alright, the other is great! Super friendly and cheerful. One person in our group was trying to pick a song with their jukebox which wasn't working at the time, so our server gave us a list of stations we could choose from. Although we didn't change it, it was very thoughtful of him. Wish I could remember his name.

We will be back!
Sitting here trying to think of what to say in my review for Sammy's.   I've been close a few times to just closing it and revisiting it another day when it suddenly dawned on me:  my writer's block is BECAUSE of Sammy's.   Allow me to explain:

5 star reviews are easy because you just can't wait to spill your guts about your love for that place and you want to describe every component of your meal as if you were extolling the virtues of your children.  Vice versa for 1 star reviews: the hyperbole and metaphors just write themselves when the server ignores you for an hour or your $15 burger is ice cold in the middle.   3 stars though on yelp?  "A-OK."  ?   Where's the fun in that? 

Sammy's delivers decent, but unspectacular food with good to great service with average value for your dollar.   -SLAP-  Wake up!

I go here once every few weeks because a friend of mine at work loves their Ahi Tuna burgers.   I've had them.  They're okay.  Yup.  "A-OK".   I've also tried their Mini Salmon Burgers, their mini kobe beef burgers, their white tuna and spinach salad, their chicken and hummus wrap, the Diavola pizza, and the Oak Roasted Salmon Filet.   They were all... you guessed it.  "A-OK".  Yaaaaaaaaaawwn.  Where was I?     Nothing has blown my mind.  Nothing has gotten me on the phone with the Clark County Health Department.   Everything has satisfied me (okay except the Salmon Filet because it was $16 and really not worth that), and unfortunately for the entertainment value of this review, nothing has offended me.   

They do give a discount for CSN employees (and maybe students?  I didnt ask because I don't really care), so props for that!   

So yeah, 3 stars.  If you made it to this part of the review, you deserve a compliment.   Go you!
On a scale of 1 to 10, the Chilled roasted veggie salad was a solid 11.   Loved the combination of flavors and the dressing was excellent. GF menu. Pretty good GF pizza.  Good wheat crust pizza. Very good coconut shrimp skewers. Love their commitment to sustainability. There was an issue with presenting the free pizza coupon on my smart phone, but they made an exception and took care of it.  loved that it was nice and mellow in there: nice break from the typical Vegas experience.  Worth the 10 minute drive from downtown.  Great outdoor seating.
A couple g.f.'s & I meet at Sammy's every few months for what is one of our tried & true, favorite happy hours ($2 off glasses of wine, half off tapas til 6p). Last nite, the 3 of us had 6 glasses of wine, 4 tapas dishes & mini donuts (not part of hh but so delish!) for $57. If I rated just last nite's experience, it'd get 3 stars, due to a major service issue where we were seated then not so much as even looked at for 10min. To my dismay, I had to be kind of a jerk to get someone to acknowledge us. But, from there, our waitress was very attentive & even checked on us right before 6 to see if we wanted more wine/tapas before hh ended. I give the sum of all our experiences there a strong 4 stars, though. All of the tapas items are very tasty. Going directly from our respective offices, we like the convenient location. Plus, it's not a wild happy hour that we'll be paying for at work the following day. There's plenty of room for those shenanigans but sometimes it's nice to just meet up with friends, talk without yelling & put down the cocktails for a glass or two of wine.
One of my favorite places off strip. Good pizza and Mediterranean options. I love their lobster bisque and their hummus with garlic pita bread. Good selection of beers too.
Love this place!!!  Arnold and Jamie are great!! The best service I have ever had!
Great food!!! Everyone at the table loved their food, plus the staff is amazing!!!! Arnold and Jaime were the best.  Wish I lived here to visit more!
Work nearby Sammy's on W Sahara and had lunch there at least three time a week for past two years. 
They just changed their menu, took off a lot of good old favorites and added funky new items that are not that great. 
Do not like it and will search for new lunch hang out. 

Sammy's WHY did you change a GOOD THING???  Was not a smart move.
I don't know what's happened to this place, but it's gone downhill quickly. We've frequented this location almost weekly in the year since we moved to Las Vegas and were always happy with the varied menu, excellent food and fast, friendly service. 

We went there again a few weeks ago and everything seemed to have changed overnight. First, and most notably, the menu is MUCH smaller and more limited. They have removed more than 30 items, including most of our favorites, and added a few new ones. When we asked the server why, she said they had revised it to offer more healthy selections. She pointed out that iceberg lettuce doesn't have any nutritional value so it's no longer included in their salads. Meanwhile, they've added things like artichoke fritters and chicken meatballs. Excuse me? Lettuce isn't healthy but deep-fried fritters are? Hmmmm.

Service was painfully slow and when the food did finally arrive, it was mediocre at best. Also, they've replaced the usual sparkling wine with one that costs more. Price hikes, limited menu options, slow service, passable food--this is not the Sammy's we grew to love. When we left, we vowed that we will not be back. I would no longer recommend this place to others; it's not worth your time or your money.
We used to come here often because it's close to downtown, open late, and had vegan pizza. But after a few weeks of not going, we went last night and found out that they no longer carry vegan cheese and don't make vegan pizzas. This is a big disappointment and we won't be going back.
Loved this place. Their pizza and salads are so good. There was five of us so we decided to order 3 salads and share since they are huge and ordered 2 woodfired pizza's (Margherita and Pepperoni). 

I really enjoyed the salad I picked: the Chilled Wild Mexican Shrimp. My sister ordered the Caesar salad which was average and the other one we ordered was the Red Quinoa which I wasn't crazy about. I didn't like the quinoa and it was kind of spicy but that is more my personal preference. Everyone else loved it but hands down everyone loved the Chilled Wild Mexican Shrimp. 

The pizza was good...nice and thin for the woodfired. I wonder how thin their thin pizza's are. I thought the pizza's would be a little bigger though but after eating the salads first, it was a good amount of pizza to eat...not too much. 

The service was good...friendly and attentive. The prices are reasonable too. 

The best part had to be the dessert: all five of us shared the Messy Sundae (vanilla ice cream covered in chocolate and caramel sauce with walnuts and whip cream). Soooo good. There was even some left over after all five of us digged in. However, the ice cream was put in this weird plastic like wine cup which made it kind of hard to get the ice cream out and the chocolate fudge on the bottom didn't make it easier because it made the cup slide. I would recommend they change the presentation of the sundae into a bowl to make it easier for sharing.
Went here friday night for dinner with hubby. We had not been here for a few years and we were excited to try it again. We wanted to love it... But found everything to be just ok... Kinda disappointing. Service was slow, even though it was not that busy (our first clue we 
Probably picked the wrong place to eat). The restaurant was very warm... I am always  old (even in las vega summers) but the first thing I asked the waitress aw to please have the ac turned down as I was sticking to my shirt after only a few minutes in my booth. She agreed that it was warm,but thought it was because she was working hard. It never cooled off much after our initial discussion. Oh well... Food was ok... Not great and not bad enough to send back. Grilled shrimp salad was soggy, over dressed ( forgot to ask for dressing on the side), soup was hot, weird oily creaminess. I did not like the leftover coating in my mouth so hubby ate this. Garlic bread was over greasy... Really it was a white pizza, not garlic bread like I thought. Bar far, the worst part of the meal was a salad that we took home for our daughter. We ordered the chopped sAlad to go. We did not bother to. Heck it before we left the restaurant (would never have occurred to me!). When she opened the sAlad, she thought we were playing a joke on her. There were 4 small cubes of chicken,6 small pieces of copped tomAto, a sprinkle of chopped black olives and about 4 cups of shredded lettuce!  We could not find anything else in this sAlad... She deconstructed everything, cut up her own tomAto, shredded some cheese, removed more than half of the shredded lettuce and had her dinner. Still An anemic salad, but when it's late Nd youRe hungry, what are you going to do? Horrible... There is no way they would have served this salad in the restaurant. I feel ripped off! I would have called to complain, but then they would probably offer to replace or give a coupon. No thanks, I have no desire to go back... Even for free meal!
Out of town family went here because the reviews were decent and they had gluten-free pizza.  My wife has tried many gluten-free pizzas and felt like this one was decent especially since they had a good selection of toppings and they were cooked well.

Overall, we found it to be a good family-oriented dining experience with good service.
Totally love this CA chain! Went in not knowing what to expect and came out a convert. Didn't help that we told the waiter it was our first visit when we received the check and he brought us the "Messy Sunday"... gratis! A HUGE wine glass full of premium ice cream, overflowing with hot fudge, caramel, nuts whip cream and a cherry! I digress... back to the front of the meal. The salads were fantastic (quinoa and red beet salad) big enough to split. Combine with a thin,crispy, wood-fired pizza with fresh and innovative toppings and you have a great meal. Alot of the stuff is organic and you can taste the difference.

Went back for their tapas half-off happy hour and that was fun... the wok-fried peppers, garlic cheese bread, lettuce cups, tofu and beer came out to $21.
Sammy's at Sahara is a relaxing, comfortable place for happy hours:
4-6pm AND Midnight-8am! 
- It also has a smoke-free, 24-hr Tavern!

Before coming to this Sahara location, my wife and I had visited another Sammy's by Durango/Elkhorn and we loved it (separate review). I am glad to report that this Sahara locale also has all the niceties typical of Sammy's. It has the same great HH menu with $2 off drinks and half price tapas, and excellent service! Although its patio has only a view of the parking lots, it does have a charming fire pit. The restaurant has an impressive building exterior; a nice entrance through the patio; a comfortable bar counter and 2 wings of small dining areas. Next to one side of the dining room is its famous 24-hr Tavern.

MY HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:
- Per fellow Yelpers' good recommendations, I dropped by this nice place 2days ago for early happy hour, and had a delightful experience.  As expected, since it was a Monday, the place was not crowded, with only a few tables of guests. 
- Thinking out loud: If they extend the happy hours to 7pm (like Gordon Biersch, Kona Grill, Embers, and Chicago Brewing Co.), it might draw more people coming after work.

Here, I enjoyed, once again, the pork dumplings (3.50), and mini duck tacos (5.25), a beer (3) and a cab (5), all of them just as tasty as those served at the other Sammy's! Being by myself this time, though, I couldn't get all my favorite dishes. Sigh! I had to pass up the garlic cheese flat bread and the lettuce cups! Would have been even nicer with more people to share and sample more temptations! My bill came to a reasonable $18 (plus tips). Not bad!

The waitress was very friendly. But she was working all alone for our section, so was not too attentive, though adequate. One of the managers (Jeff?) was helping her out, though, which is a mark of excellence for management. Another friendly lady manager (Heather) also dropped by at various tables to chat a little with customers. Both managers were super pleasant, making customers feel welcome. They pointed out to me the unique features of this particular locale, such as the reverse happy hour (midnight-8am) and its 24-hr Tavern, which is supposed to be smoke-free, too. 

- Yah, I'm putting this locale on my own "List of Favorite Bars in the Summerlin Neighborhood Area for Happy Hours"!

Peterskis, October 2012
--
This was one of my favorite places. I'm a bit bitter because they removed numerous menu items several months ago. One of my favorites was a shrimp, crab, & artichoke dip served w/ warm pita bread. Another was the steak tip sandwich. I ventured into this location a month ago to find out that alot more items than just these ones were removed.

I gave it a chance since it's Sammy's! I tried the Oak roasted chicken. It was tender, juicy, & delicious! Outside of that item, nothing popped out at me since I was not in the mood for pizza. Which btw the way they have GREAT pizza & you can see it being made.

Staff is always friendly & knowledgeable of the menu. Never a wait even at lunch time! Don't forget about their happy hour which is 4-6pm!
Had an amazing dining experience. The staff was fantastic especially the manager, Jeff.  Thanks for continually giving fabulous service.
I come here at least once a week only for their salads, so don't be misled by the name as i rarely eat pizza (not they don't look delicious), their large variety of specialty salads they have designed on their menu is delectable and i for one especially like that they have the option to add extra thick juicy grilled chicken for a reasonable price. You don't know how many times at other restaurants I'm confronted by a waiter's bewildered expression like i'm speaking foreign or they don't know what to do, so they try  to charge you double. Let's  face it, if you're trying to eat right by incorporating salads in the usual method of trying to fill up on protein not fatty foods when you're dining, then i strongly recommend this place. There's only a handful of restaurants I can count where sometimes I can't eat the whole salad and these extra large portions can be a challenge. I wish they had these in Los Angeles, my other part time residence.
Best  Caesar salad with the blackened chicken I have ever eaten. Have to buy the dressing
This particular Sammy's always seems full of people. Our server was very helpful in explaining the menu items and even went out of her way to ask if the kitchen could make an item that was no longer on the menu (hummus with kobe beef, served with lettuce cups). We also ordered a gluten-free garlic shrimp pizza and the messy sundae for dessert.

I was sharing the pizza with my friend, and he is not a fan of green peppers which came on the pizza. We asked if they could be omitted, our server went to the kitchen to ask. When she came back, she said that the pizza toppings for this particular one were "premixed" and could not be changed. That was a little disappointing to hear. What else is "premixed" here? But we ordered the pizza anyways and picked off the green peppers. As as far as gluten free pizzas go, it was alright. The garlicky flavor went very well with crust.

I do like that they serve iced tea in pitchers. I drink through that stuff like nothing.
This is probably my favorite chain restaurant and I rarely get the pizzas. I'm totally in love with their fish taco entree, the mini duck taco appetizer, lobster mac and cheese and the greek salad. I love coming here in the evenings and finding a seat outside by the fire pit. The inside dining room is nice too and rather lounge-y versus diner-y. Happy hour is great here for the 1/2 price apps and drink specials. And one in awhile I'll find a buy one get one coupon in an Entertainment guide and I'll rush down to this restaurant to use it.
Wife and I stopped recently for lunch.  She ordered the chicken wrap; me the Chinese chicken salad.  It took nearly 30 minutes to get the order filled.  Waitress apologized.  Said the chicken was being fresh cooked.  Manager finally came by and offered us a free tapas to ease the wait (nice touch).  But when dishes finally arrived, I found about 5 pieces of chicken in my heaping salad that taste wise had been compromised by an over generous drenching of some kind of dressing (sesame oil, I think) that produced more heat than taste.  Wife's wrap was more robust with chicken, but not noticeably fresh cooked.  Overall, a poor experience.
They have a patio out front to enjoy the weather or you can sit at the bar or a booth or a table.
The servers are friendly and enthusiastic. They have a nice wine list and happy hour daily from 3- 6 pm. 
The decor is dark yet calming. Pizza is their specialty but there are other appetizers and main dishes to chose from also. I have yet to try their desserts but from the ones that were on other tables, they look very scrumptious.
I gave Sammy's a 5 for their vegetarian/vegan options.
the vegan menu is back and all is good in the world. Love coming here for the shishito peppers and baba ganoush. Thanks for listening, Sammy's!
I have been to Sammy's a few times. It seems to have a great location that is a great in-between for people who live close to the strip and people who live in Summerlin. I find myself always full when I leave this place. The staff is extremely efficient. The last time I was there, my ice tea never got below 1/2 full. 

I always start with the Hummas! It is sooo yummy!!
I've heard good things about this place so I was very excited to try it out.  However, I was not impressed. When I got there I was given a glass for my water and the glass was water stained...then came my food, um...it looked like it was clean either. There were orange streaks marks all over the white plate I had my salad on! The food was decent but if I do EVER go back here it definatly won't be this location! No bueno!
I've eaten here several times and the food has been excellent every time. Seriously...2 years later my boyfriend is still talking about the Kobe burger sliders with the aioli. I recommend the Thai chicken satays or the Greek salad.
Service was awesome. Pizza was kinda bland. I had the pepperoni pizza and I had to douse it with ranch dressing... But the service was awesome... lol
Staff was very friendly and helpful with all my vegan questions and requests. And the food was super good my fiance loved his BBQ chicken with smoked Gouda. And the hummus and fries were great. Are server was very friendly also, I couldn't eat it but their HUGE dessert look so yummy made me wish I wasn't vegan haha or that they had substitute everything.
Sharing a yummy salad and a pizza is more than enough. Fast and clean. Perfect for lunch. Less talkie, more eatie.
I almost go eat here every week sometimes 2-3 times a week. The staff is awesome and the bartender Taylor is the best! Taylor is very attentive and ALWAYS takes care of me in a timely manner. By far the best restaurant in my opinion in Vegas. The duck tacos are awesome and I have yet not order them when I eat here.
Love the food.  After midnight it's 1/2 price tapas.   Duck tacos, hummus, and the breadsticks are the best.....
I have ate here twice. The first time my friend and I dined in, and the second time I called in for a take out meal.  When I dined in the food was great, I had the hummus app and a steak for my main dish.  The food was awesome but the service was lacking a little, the waitress wasn't very attentive.  Both times the staff has been friendly though, and I will definitely be back again!
During a quick lunch break with my coworker we decided to try this place based on a recomendation from another coworker.  The service we had was great!  I felt that we had more than one waiter when all the staff was refilling our drinks and delivering the food.  

We ordered a chopped salad to split (Which they did for us!!) and a chesse pizza.  The salad was delicious and the pizza was good.  I would definitely return to this place.
I am a big fan of Sammy's, and a bigger fan of their Thai Chicken Pizza. When I am in Vegas this is one of the place I like to get to. The service here is always quite friendly. As well if you can stand the heat they have a nice patio area to eat on. Last but not least the happy hour specials are also quite nice. As you can get half price tapas after midnight. For me it always comes back to the Thai Chicken Pizza. Yum. Can't wait till the next time I am in Vegas so I can get some of this none traditional pizza.
A couple co-workers and I popped into the separate lounge area of Sammy's on W. Sahara for happy hour.  The bartender was very friendly and the pours of wine were generous.  It is a little dark inside but that is expected for a bar/lounge.  There were just a few people in the bar so the noise level was quiet which was great.  A couple people were gambling but the machine volume was turned way down so that was also pleasant.  Right when we ordered our last drink, a group of people came into the bar and one or more of them was smoking.  Not cool.  The bar didn't smell like smoke when we first got there so I assumed that it was a smoke free establishment.
Awesome tapas, Amazing service, excellent overall experience. 

This was our first time here so we decided to try a few different items, all of which were excellent. 
Parmesan fries with chipotle aioli was a simple but good accompaniment to the duck tacos, shrimp & crab dip, and our garlic chicken pizza. 
The standout facet of our visit was by far our server - Snoopy D. Yes, that's her name. At least that's what was on the receipt. She was so helpful and very attentive. When my wife couldn't decide between the hummus and shrimp and crab dip she told us she'd surprise us. When she brought out the dip she ended up bringing us a full size shrimp dip AND some hummus. The hummus free of charge! This was an excellent surprise but it didn't stop there. After we were finished she offered us The Messy Sundae; we respectively declined. On her next stop, she dropped off The Messy Sundae and said "I don't listen very well". Again this was free of charge! Needless to say we will be back again!
I am gluten intolerant.  Over a year ago we tried Sammy's for the first time and had their GF pizza. I instantly fell in love and we have been back on each trip (x4). Highly recommend it. Service and prices are good. Even my gluten eating husband likes it.
I personally am not a big fan of chain restaurants.. Mostly because of the cookie cutter decor, mediocre service, typical short of nothing special menu and general ambiance. Yes, IMO Sammy's has some of that, but for what they lack they have a better than expected menu. They offer whole grain pasta and generally healthy options-or at least more than most. It is difficult to eat out and be limited to very few options when you're watching your diet. The food was tasty with average prices. I can't complain about much, but I won't complain at all. I'm sure I'll return in the near future.
First time here, but will be back. The waitstaff was friendly, helpful and fast. The food arrived quickly and was well prepared. For two people we shared the Margherita pizza and the Organic Spinach and Tuna salad. The food was good. The pizza crust was really light and easy to chew. I forgot to ask for the vinaigrette on the side. I think they put a bit too much on for my taste.
Excellent place for a quick lunch. Good service and food. Specially recommend the tuna salad.
We so love this place, the food, service, property, all of it has been top notch!
if you're going out for pizza go someplace else.  that being said, if you just want to gamble, grab a drink and maybe snack on something, Sammy's is a decent choice.  the pizza is edible but not very memorable.  it was much better in san diego when they first opened.  I do like the caeser salad with chicken.  in fact, their roasted chicken breast is reason enough to go to sammys.  it's full of flavor and juicy with a nice char.  I don't care at all for the Asian and fusion direction they have gone to in recent years.
I absolutely love this place, either at 3pm or 3am! The drinks are great, food is always awesome, gotta check out happy hour with 50% off appetizers I get almost all of them. Love the tofu, shishito peppers, hummus & baba ganush. I love all the salads, the chicken entree is amazing, and my hubby always enjoys the kobe beef burgers.
Everytime we come here we have a problem,  ask for no onions get onions.  Get a soda, never get it refilled even when a manger walks by they still don't refill it.  We still keep coming because we are so close but sure wish the service would improve.  We ordered our favorite messy Sunday and the walnuts were stale ruined the whole Sunday :(. Now we have waited on our bill for so long that I have lowered my review from a 3 to 2 :((

I got an email from Sammy's saying they were going to try and work on items and that meant a lot to me so I am going to give them another try.
Been a while since I've had Sammy's and decided to try this location out since it's the closest one to work. I've been to 4 other locations before and this one was probably the smallest and simplest one, with only a few booths and mostly table seating. They also have a few tables on the patio if you like to eat outside.

I ordered the usual must have mini duck tacos and decided to try a prosciutto pizza. The duck tacos were wonderful and I was happy to be able to get the sauce on the side. the pizza was fresh and crispy and had a nice kick of garlic that wasn't too overpowering.

The waitress was friendly, but maybe overly so because she responded to many of my questions or requests with playfully sarcastic remarks. I would return to this location to grab a bite but it doesn't seem like the place to lounge around like the Centennial and Green Valley locations are.
- Love this salad and usually order it to share with friends. The dressing is just spicy enough, and the fact that the veggies are julienned, including sprouts makes this a great summer salad.
Also, the Margherita Pizza (fresh tomatoes atop w/basil) is a delightful selection, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese!
Try it!
Honestly the first time I went there my salad was amazing but the past few times the foods been mediocre! Burnt or not hot, my fiancee got sick after one occasion and the services is just not up to par. Stop flaunting your goods and bring me my food.
It's not on the Strip, but if you want to have great food and service, without smoke and noise, this is a great spot.
We got a table in the back for a group of 20 upon short notice, two dedicated servers, and a friendly welcome!
The Hummus appetizer is great to share, the menu has a good variety of quality food, and everybody was happy with what they ordered. I can recommend the Hanger Steak over the Steal Frites!
They would've gotten 5-stars, but because they gave me the regular pizza crust when I asked for the gluten free crust, and I didn't notice until I already consumed a bite, that's a big red flag for me.

1.  I asked for gluten free crust.
2. They delivered my pizza to me at my table.  I took a bite and immediately knew the texture was wrong.

HOWEVER, they handled it PERFECTLY!

First, they made sure I wasn't in imminent danger.  I'm not ALLERGIC, I'm intolerant...my stomach feels sick later, but I can still breathe and don't need an ER.  So, they did the right thing there.

Then, waiter accepted FULL responsibility.  They remade my pizza and they remade a fresh dish for my friend as well so that she didn't have to choose between eating without me or waiting and letting her dish get cold.  Good move!

Waiter was absolutely amazingly friendly and made our happy hour beverages himself (he used to be a bartender...my Mai Tai was DELICIOUS!)

They remade my pizza, with a gluten free crust, and they didn't charge me for it without me asking for them to take it off!

Basically, they messed up, but they made up for it in a big way, and I'm sure they learned a valuable lesson. I'm glad this happened to me and not someone who is deathly allergic to wheat, because that would've been a horrible experience for everyone involved.  I'm hoping the staff learned to be more attentive to dietary restrictions.

NOTE TO ALLERGY SUFFERERS:  Make sure you DOUBLE CHECK your order once you receive it and ask to speak with a manager.  This is true anywhere you go.
Everything we ate was fabulous!! One in our party is gluten free and her pizza was fantastic (mushroom and truffle oil). I had the borrata and pesto pizza and another had arugula and pear. Our waiter, Matt, was very knowledgeable about the menu and about the wine. I'm originally from Austin and am used to a wider selection of beers but other than that, top notch!
Great restaurant for locals in Vegas, affordable and everything we've ordered there has been tasty.

I recommend the large salads to share as a group (have tried tons and all are good), as well as the fancier pizzas. Recently had the one with brie and it was delish.

Service is quick and friendly and drinks are always refilled. Every time I visit family in Vegas we find ourselves at Sammy's, and never disappointed!
Delicious we came for a Tapas lunch and had duck tacos, mediterainian plate, chicken satay, 5cheese pizza good if you love cheese, lobster bisque. All good with the duck tacos standing out an lobster bisque I'd rate a 7 cause it was tasty and creamy not a pure or to tomatoey ,,, I'm a bisque fiend. Service was good !
This place is just awesome.   I have moved to Orlando and they are not there, which sucks.  The salads are unreal,  great pizza and all the good is excellent.   A must try!!  The picture is the: Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad, best salad ever....
Vegan, gluten-free pizza. Vegan, gluten-free pizza that doesn't taste like sickly sweet cardboard covered in greasy plastic. Vegan, gluten-free pizza that is delicious and something you'd share with friends if you didn't already burn your palate shoving it in to your face?

This is a great place off the strip with delicious thin-crust pizza, with any of the options easily made vegan with their Daiya mozarella. And unlike a lot of places, they know how to get that bubbly, golden crust on the Daiya, so it doesn't turn in to a weird, goopy, oily and sweet mess that happens at a lot of other pizza places that so kindly offer it on their menus. I got the Truffle Oil and Mushroom Pizza, swapping the brie for Daiya, and it was probably the best pizza I've had in a long time. Easily in my top five for vegan pizzas.

Also a winner? Their "Wok'd" Sesame Shishito Peppers. It would've probably been something I would've glossed over by myself, but I'm so glad that my friend ordered them because I nearly polished off the plate. So good, and simple. Now that I'm back home, I daydream about them.

Great service, a lovely patio, and amazing vegan options? Love.
Sammy's food was great once again.  It was a busy night and I called ahead for a table which saved us however the service wasn't so great.  So dinner was longer than expected but the sundae made it worth it!
Had the New York Style pizza including pepperoni, sauted mushrooms, salami and  Italian sausage. I was able to add goat cheese which was awesome so I'm assuming you can add extra toppings to any of the pizzas however I'm not sure if it costs extra b/c I didn't see the bill so be sure to ask if you care about that.

The pizza was definitely good. Not bad, not out of this world.
My hubby, his grandma and I shared their donut dessert that came with
chocolate and raspberry sauce. Yummy, cripsy and fresh out of the oven!

Extra points for expressing sustainability and buying local ingredients as a matter of importance on their menu. Yay, sustainability, local ingredientsand yummy food!
I went in here to get a snack while my car was being serviced next door. I thought the pizza was good and the service was fine.Overall pretty satisfying.
Sammy's had a little bit of everything delicious. If I want to split a pie, if I want a delicious salad, or I can't decided on one dish, I can get a few tapas.

My last trip, I sat outside on the patio. A beautiful 70 degree day in January isn't wasted on me. I came starving and glanced over the menu. My lunch mates were also craving everything, so we settled on a few tapas and a pizza.

We ordered the Chicken Lettuce Cups, Mini Duck Tacos, and Parmesan Crusted Artichokes. The lettuce cups were flavorful and light. I didn't care too much for the duck tacos, but my girlfriend loved them, and she devoured the rest of mine, my favorite was the artichoke. They were deep-fried and came with a yummy sauce. Indulgent and sinful. My favorite of the entire meal. 

The pizza we ordered was the Sun-Dried Tomato (Artisan crust) which was topped with goat cheese, pine nuts, and basil. Me, oh my. This was a very nontraditional pie and the flavors were fresh and bold. The pine nuts added a fun crunch twist, usually reserved for just the crust. I would order this again and again.

Being fatty patties, we ordered the salted caramel pudding which is pretty much sex in glass. ORDER IT! I only state that sternly because it's like crack (addictive) and I need other people to understand/feel my pain.

Sammy is a great bet for those with different dietary needs. The have an assortment of vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free goodies. Service is always attentive. It's a quiet, relaxed atmosphere. This particular location has a bar that is open 24/7 and offers the same menu.
My family and I have been waiting for our food... 30mins! And there's only one other table- hate this place!
Food this past trip was really a 4 but we went with 3 other couples and service was 6 stars!  It cannot be easy with a larger party, half who are first timers and who dont stop talking to decide what they want.  We started with a bunch of tapas for happy hour and ended passing several desserts around, I missed the doughnuts but got lucky and got the end of the messy sundae!!  Everyone had a great time and we loved sharing everything, ordering more as we needed it.  Both managers came by to help our running server and check in with us.  Great fun and casual place.
How does this place average four stars?

My waitress was pleasant, if not prompt.

The pizza was meh.  I figured if it was in the name, that it would be worth ordering.  The pepperoni pizza had a dry crust, too little sauce, too little cheese, and lacked flavor.  I didn't particularly enjoy it.  The duck tacos 'tapas' was okay, but lacking in flavor.  The ceasar salad had very little dressing on it, and some of the lettuce was wilted.  I had the second-worst hurricane (a mixed-drink made with rum and fruit-juice) I've had to date here.  It included a straw that was shorter than the glass it was in.

I didn't leave hungry, but wasn't terribly pleased about that.  I also spent more than I was happy with for what I got.  I would have been fine with the cost had the food been as good as I had been led to believe it should have been from the other reviews.
Menu has a nice range of options - salads, vegetarian, pizza, etc. Service is always solid.
I love this place for so many reasons! They do all of the things you expect from a restaurant on a superb level.

The service at this location is amazing. I had been to other Sammy's locations and received lackluster service but this location is so consistently on top of things that I have added them to my list of regular haunts.

The food is great, pretty much what you would expect from Sammy's but it is the friendly, attentive staff that sets them apart from their other restaurants.
Food is as you would expect , good but on the average side.  Long ago I ordered salmon which they grill on the wood fire.  MIstake.  well done and super dry.   that being said my favorite thing on the menu is actually the kobe beef sliders.  I don't know if they are actually kobe beef but I find them tasty albeit somewhat reminiscent of White Castle!
we've only been here once before. if you like thin crust then you should try it.
nice, clean, friendly. service has been good
Looking at the menu, it seems that Sammy's either can't decide what type of food they are serving, or they are trying to copy the popular dishes from a dozen different restaurants.

Tapas, Lettuce wraps, Tacos, Hummus? I thought this was a pizza joint, but there are mostly non-pizza items on the menu.

It's nice to see gluten free and dairy free pizza options on the menu, but they charge way too much for it here. The personal pizzas are around $13, but if you want GF/DF it will be $5 extra. Apparently Sammy's thinks people with allergies should pay 40% more than everyone else.

The gluten free crust is not made in house, it's a very thin premade crust. Worse, they don't even know how to fire it. My pizza was soggy in the center, it flopped over and the toppings fell off when I picked up a piece.  $18 for this small soggy pizza is steep, even if it is gluten and dairy free.

I make a far better gluten free pizza at home. Even Whole Foods can make a better gluten and dairy free pizza, at less than half the price of Sammy's.

A redeeming factor is the Daiya cheese, it's awesome and pretty much impossible to screw up. Even if you eat dairy you will probably love this stuff.

The waitress recommended "Kobe" beef sliders to my friend, and assured her that the fries were fresh cut when asked. The sliders tasted like average low grade beef, lacked seasoning, and were overcooked (she ordered medium rare but there was no trace of pink inside). The fries were clearly frozen, definitely not fresh cut. Maybe the waitress didn't know, or maybe she flat out lied about the fries being fresh cut. Either way it was a disappointment.

Left feeling like I overpaid for mediocre food, got price gouged because of allergies, and food was misrepresented by the waitress.

Another reviewer @Tim D. put it perfectly, I wasn't hungry when I left, but I wasn't terribly happy about that. Pretty much sums it up for me.
Stopped by yesterday for lunch. Ordered hummus and pita to start, pretty yummy. Had the grilled mahi tacos and the lettuce and salsa was all that you taste. Very little mahi mahi. I was bummed because I ordered these in the past and I don't remember them being stuffed with all that lettuce. Seriously, not very good. My daughter ordered the cheese pizza. She told me it was spicy. At first I didn't believe her, so I tried it.  To my shock, the pizza sauce was spicy. A little odd for a kids pizza. I'll return, I'll just order differently.
Great service. The food was awesome we order a royal Hawaiian pizza, cheese bread (looks like and is the same size as their pizzas), roasted chicken w/pesto dish. All the food had great flavors, the only thing I would change was the ventilation of the restaurant the fire wood scent was very strong, other than that I'd say it was overall a great place.
The service here is great. The food is phenomenal. Wonderful location. The prices are slightly high, but you can be sure that you're getting quality food, that tastes great! There's still a few things I would like to try on the menu, I can't wait!
Honestly Sammy's is my go to spot when I need a relaxing local Vegas atmosphere! Food that you can pig out on or great selection of healthy eats. Duck tacos are an absolute must along with the Hawaiian Ono Tacos! If you are in a classic mood the NY pizza is a no brainer!
Good family restaurant w/gr8 gluten-free menu.  Variety of standard dishes.  I like the shrimp salad, gluten-free pasta, tomato soup, margarita pizza, duck tacos, tapas and drink selection.  The food isn't gourmet but it's well prepared, amble and the service is good.  Prices are decent and the place is spacious.  Menu is always changing.
I had the vegeteble pizza with Daiya (non-dairy) cheese, and it was amazing! Perfect combination of flavors and textures. Their pizza crust is to die for.
We were in the area, very hungry and  both pretty excited there was a Sammy's  close by. I don't have many choices because of my gluten intolerance but Sammy's has GF options.  My husband and I ordered the exact same pizza's as we did at the N Durango location and they didn't taste anything like the ones we had there. 

They both were under cooked, the ingredients didn't taste fresh at all. It just didn't taste like it held the same standards as that location. I've only eaten at the N Durango location and that set the bar pretty high and this didn't even come close. 

It wasn't even worth asking them to remake it, or put it back in the oven, because I don't believe they could have done any better than what they served us. Needless to say I walked out hungry and slightly grumpy that I wasted my money. 

It has a casino/bar and restaurant you can sit and order at and I normally don't like to sit in the "smoking" section but the hubby wanted to gamble and we were the only ones in there so I that's where we ate. Bartenders were nice and very personable.I ordered the cucumber cooler (i think)  and it was about as delicious as the food.

I've raved about the Durango & 95 location. Now I know that each location could be different from the next, so keep that in mind.

I would just be leery of this Sammy's. It's close to the strip and has that casino bar feel and It really does lack quality, but don't use this location to judge the rest.
Holy happy hour specials, Batman!
Bookmarked this place for their HH: 4-6PM, half off tapas and $2 off wine or beer.

Restaurant interior is more upscale than I expected.
Menu is fairly diverse with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options indicated with symbols. Tapas menu has several Mediterranean options, there are a bunch of salads, and of course, there's pizza- if you join their mailing list, you'll get a coupon to try a pizza for free (dine in only, with purchase).

BF and I were here for a light early dinner, got 3 tapas and a beer.
FIG & GORGONZOLA FLATBREAD: Yum, 4-slice portion with good balance of flavors from the sweet figs, salty cheese, and mild spinach, as well as a bit of pork? Adding a sprinkle of red pepper kicked it up a notch.
PARMESAN STUFFED ARTICHOKES: Good lord these were the table favorite, served in a blanket of parmesan crumbs with a cup of dipping sauce. 'Chokes had crunch and flavor, herb coating was light and complemented the cheese inside, which was mild instead of overpowering (as done elsewhere).
DUCK MINI TACOS: An order of 6 mini tacos, filled with 24-hour-marinated duck topped with cilantro, tomatoes, feta, and sour cream, HH pricing at just over $5? Amazeballs. I never would have combined duck and feta, but I love them both and here everything worked so well together in this dish. Fresh and flavorful!

Only thing that detracted from my visit was the service: entered and stood by hostess stand for quite a while before being acknowledged, and our server had way too many tables to herself and was quite frazzled. This was frustrating because there were easily 8 employees present, but I guess maybe they weren't on the clock yet? As 6 o'clock got closer, business picked up and the three women mobbing the hostess stand eventually started picking up the slack.
Normally I'd dock a star for this, but despite being overwhelmed our server was polite and our food came out quickly, and was amazing.

Fabulous food, phenomenal happy hour.  Even with a beer, total before tip was under $20. Will be coming back to try more!
Love, Love, Love this place.  Always consistent.  Happy hour is a Steal!!! This place has always been in my top five!!
This is the best Sammy's we've been to! Snoopy is an awesome server and the food was so good we wanted to high five the cook. All in all a fantastical dining experience!
Lunchtime crowd and we were seated right away. That's when we were "forgotten" ! It took longer then it should for the server to get back and get us our drinks. Even longer to take our order and I mentioned it to the server. Next thing is we're bring served by entirely different server. Which took even more time. I didn't like the way we were served and the menu was weak. I'm not going back ..,.
For having a bar, their draft beer selection is extremely limited to the usual domestics (buttwiser beers) and their cocktails are very expensive. However their food is pretty decent and it's nice that it's a 24 hour restaurant! Some if the appetizers are really great like the lebni and the fried Peppers. I love their chopped chicken salad with all tha fixins. Skip the pizza.
I have to admit to being a regular at this Sammy's.  All of the restaurants have the same menu, but over the past three years of eating at four Sammy's in Vegas, this one has become my favorite for lunch, while the Rainbow location remains my happy hour spot.  Why the difference?  It all comes down to the staff.  The lunch crew at Sahara is dialed in to their customers and handles the rush in stride.  Mojca, Albert, Sam, and Tia all do a  terrific job, even at the busiest times.  The guys in the kitchen turn out consistently fresh and impressive entrees; particularly the salads.  Christina runs a tight shop and it shows up in the great food and service.

Happy hour let's you graze through  a wide variety of half- price tapas that reinforce Sammy's Lebanese heritage.  I've had many a dinner of just these tasty items at Aaron's Rainbow location and if there's a "Cheers" equivalent in my world, this is it.

Excellent food, a wide variety and friendly, caring employees.  Hard to hit this trifecta in Vegas.
Sammy's lounge was a cool and quiet spot for a late lunch on Sunday afternoon. Tough decision since their menu is fairly varied, but we settled on the grilled chicken, gorgonzola, and sugared walnut salad, along with the New York thin crust pizza.  Huge salad, portions large enough for 4, but two off us managed to scarf down every tasty bite of the tender grilled chicken and greens dressed with a flavorful balsamic vinaigrette.  The pizza toppings were seasoned just right, lightly layered on a crispy crust.  Everything was satisfying, including the nice  attentive service.
My husband and I went here on a weekday for lunch. 
We were seated promptly. There was no wait.
The dining room was three quarters empty.
It has little decor and ambiance. Very plain. Nothing special to speak of.
There's a mix of tables and booths, and bar seating.
 
Our server, Alexandra B., came to the table fairly quickly. She asked if we'd like drinks. Husband ordered water. and I asked for water, a glass of Leaping Horse chardonnay, and a side of ice. My wine was $6.50 a glass and was very good. Full flavored and very drinkable. Alexandra forgot to bring my side of ice. I had to ask her for it again.

 We were expecting that a place that has "pizza" in their name would have a bigger array of pizza and do pizza well. We had visions of sharing a big "Supreme" pizza and taking some home. Not possible at Sammy's. They only have individual pizzas. So with our dreams of sharing a Supreme pizza and having great leftovers for the next day squashed, my husband ordered an "Italian" personal pizza which had pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms on it. You get one big piece of pepperoni on each "slice" of pizza. The mushrooms were very sparse. Hubby said it needed more of them. He said the pizza was "fair".

I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad. It looked beautiful. I was happy, seeing this bright, beautiful salad with its array of vegetables including the surprise of green bell pepper, which you don't often see in this type of salad. 
However, with my first bite, I was disappointed. The dressing that was tossed throughout the salad was bland, boring, and didn't have enough Asian flavors.
One of the great things about this salad, if done right, is the tangy, full-of-flavor Asian dressing on it. Flavors of soy and ginger are usually in the forefront.
Not so with this one. It tasted like oil and vinegar and not much else. I think I detected a hint of soy and less so, ginger, but I'm not sure.
I had to look hard to find the chicken. there were a few unevenly sized pieces throughout, some of them a little too charred, with black areas covering a big part of a few pieces. The chicken was also dry. I ate four or five bites and just couldn't eat anymore. It was pretty tasteless.

We ordered dessert. Hubby decided on the Messy Sundae. Our server said it was "big enough for four people". He decided to try it anyway. The sundae was pretty "monster". It was big but would it feed four? Depending upon how much lunch you ate, and what your appetite is like, it might. I'd describe it as "feeds 1-4".
It came served in a tall glass goblet  and was filled with vanilla ice cream, and had chocolate sauce not only all over the ice cream but on the saucer that the goblet was on. It was topped with walnuts and a large amount of whipped cream. There were more walnuts in the chocolate sauce on the plate. Hubby really enjoyed the sundae.
I decided to try the Caramel Pudding since I love caramel. It was served in a small wine glass and the pudding filled the glass halfway. It was topped with a small amount of whipped cream. The pudding was creamy and rich and full of caramel flavor. The only thing that would've improved it was if there had been more of it! I really enjoyed it.

Alexandra was cheerful, efficient, and checked back on us a couple of times.  

To sum up, we were not impressed with our entrees at all. We know of several other places that do pizza, and Chinese Chicken Salad, much better than this. Sammy's is a 20 min drive from home. We wouldn't come back here again unless we happened to be in the neighborhood already, and then we would stop in for just dessert and a glass of chardonnay. :)
Service is great! Goat cheese pizza is too die for!!  Prices are reasonable.  I recommend this place to my friends and clients all the time.
Gluten-free baked goods galore, as well as GF pastas, cereals, snack bars, beers, as well as some conventional baked goods that contain gluten.  Their website lists bake days and allows shipping.  If you're there on a day they're baking conventional goods, you can get frozen GF items.  I greatly enjoyed the GF blueberry muffin I had this morning and hear the chocolate cherry scones are not to be missed.
We love this bread.   I tell all my friends about it.  It is the only bread we eat.  Careful though, you need to refrigerate after a few days if you don't eat it all up right away.  They make half loaves for smaller appetites.  Delicious.  Our favorite is the Dakota and the Grandma's white is second.
I don't have gluten intolerance or any dietary concerns, I just love the baked goods and breads here. Muffins, cookies and breads are all amazing and reasonably priced. The staff is super sweet. Just wish they were open on Sundays too so I could get my Silly Yak fix!  :) The staff is super sweet and nice. 

Update: I also wish you sold coffee products - this area of Mineral Point Road is a desert for good coffee unless you want to go to the gas station or a chain place like the Starbucks in Target or Panera.
The bread here is amazing. 

I guess they close the place down, clean out the ovens hardcore and bake all the gluten free goods once or twice a week.  Some stuff is sold fresh and other stuff is frozen and sold  all week. 

Besides bread, they offer fresh pasta, cookies/muffins, croutons, and pizza crust.

Their cakes look pretty terrible though, they bake em in a square tin pan and frost em like my kid brother frosts his brownies... they should get a cake decorator!
I went in to buy $50 Gift certificate, but the guy selling it to me did not want to take my credit card, that they have to pay 3% on the transaction. So he turned down $50. Wow, business must be good.
If you are at ALL a fan of breakfast sandwiches, you have GOT to try the "jalapeo poppers" (small rolls) made here - just cook up an egg, heat the roll, and serve as sandwich.  OMG.  HEAVEN!  

I've been a connoisseur of breakfast sandwiches for years now and I can truly say that nothing beats these little rolls at home with an egg.  The rolls are very soft and fairly small - perfect size for an egg sandwich.  Most importantly, they're baked chalk full of cheddar, bits of jalapeo, and cream cheese.  They're amazing plain or even with hummus, but as for me I'll be having them EVERY morning I'm back in Madison, with an egg.  And orange juice.  And coffee.

I discovered these last fall at the farmer's market downtown Madison and they've been my best Farmer's Market find - ever.  I'm utterly in love and I'm sure these rolls will soon have a cult following, if they don't already.  

Bonus:  Great customer service.  Very friendly workers.
Double Bonus:  Their danishes are PERFECTO.  Flaky but still super moist and stretchy - you MUST try if you like danishes!!
I have food allergies and sensitivities so I was happy to find the Silly Yak Bakery.  These are the best tasting Gluten free breads I've ever eaten.  The cherry almond bread is too good to be good for you.  To me it tastes like a cross between angel food cake and pound cake with cherries folded in and topped with almond slices.  I use the amaranth bread for sandwiches.  There's nothing like cinnamon swirl toast in the morning to start my day.  There are no preservatives so freeze what you don't eat in a few days.  I wish they were open longer at night. My morning schedule and drive doesn't allow stopping before work  and by the time I can get there after working I feel rushed.  In my hurry I didn't realize there is a section of baked goods by the register that has gluten in it which I grabbed by mistake luckily my sister was with me and warned me.  I hope the staff would have warned me if my sister wasn't there.  I can't wait to try more.
This bakery is the best gluten-free bakery I have ever been to. Lots of variety for products (pasta, breads, cookies, pizza crust, etc.). The staff is friendly and the bread tastes much better than national brands bought in the grocery store. Very satisfied on the first visit and can't wait to try more varieties!
Silly Yak sells egg-free, casein-free, and gluten-free (marked GFCFEF) baked delights! If you adhere to these dietary restrictions, Silly Yak is the perfect place to find breads, muffins, and cookies. I am mostly pleased with them because of their selection of "contains gluten" goods. YESS YUM I will eat my "contains gluten" lemon blueberry scone while you munch away on your GFCFEF coffee chocolate muffin, both equally delicious. 

Everything in the store is clearly marked, so whether you're looking for gluten-free & egg-free or only gluten-free goods, you can easily find the right type. They also have a useful calendar of their bake dates, and apparently have shipping available if you're interested in that.  

My sister mentioned that the xanthan gum (used as an egg equivalent in the egg-free products) made her mint chocolate chip muffin extra chewy, but didn't compromise the taste. 

pros: clearly marked goods, something for everyone!, odd assortment of other gluten-free foods (beer and pizzas!)
A friend and I bought a sampling of Silly Yak's egg-free, casein-free, and gluten-free baked goods. I had high hopes but ultimately everything we bought was dry, dense, and lacking in flavor. I rarely find anything truly inedible but this time I did throw my share away. A major disappointment after the other positive reviews.
I am enjoying the bread. Will be back.
The selection of gluten free products is amazing! You can see the bakers making the bread if you get to the store early enough. I hadn't had a donut since I went gluten free and I bought one my first visit and fell in love. Also, try the garlic cheddar gluten free bread. It's deeeeelicious.
This is one of the two best places for gluten-free products that I've been to in the entire country (the other being Andrea's in St. Louis, though they have since closed their retail outlet and now sell only through grocery stores). Aside from the clever name, Silly Yak has delicious food. The jalapeno-cheddar bread is wonderful, as are the cinnamon rolls and pumpkin muffins and the regular bread and ... well pretty much everything is delicious. Two extra bonuses: they have a stall at the farmer's market, and they sell beer. According to one of the employees, they are the only bakery in Wisconsin with a liquor license. They should frame that and put it on the store window. All in all, a terrific place.
Gluten-free heaven!!

Finally got to stop in here before flying back to Denver. SO GLAD. They apparently ship nationwide, so I will be making an order very soon. I haven't had a scone since going GF...the blueberry one was the best scone (with or without gluten!) I have ever had. Chocolate doughnut...yes. Nailed it.  The  dried fruit granola is delicious to the point my somewhat picky toddler will gobble it. I have bread and a couple other treats left to try, and I can't wait.  Will be my first stop next time I am in Madison.  YUM!!!!!
I just recently went gluten free and had heard about this place and couldn't wait to go. I was pretty disappointed. They have a regular bakery there, which I didn't know, and its such a teaser. The gluten free section is quite small...I ended up with some casein free, gluten free, egg free things because of the limited selection. They were not very good. I prefer udis white bread over this. The pizza was ok....maybe it was the rounds I picked that I didn't like (spinach & mushroom). I will go back on 'gluten free bakery day'...when they have samples...maybe I'll find something I like and try a different pizza. They have a schedule of when they cook certain things.
Great food and service.  All menu items are good and service is always above par.  Good childrens menu.
I stopped by for lunch and had the Roasted Eggplant, Spinach & Feta Flat Bread Pizza and a Mango Lemonade both choices were delivered quickly and were very good. I would definitely ordered these items again. Service was very good.
I've hit this Uno's everytime I'm in Verona/Madison for my deep dish cravings.
It is a nice location with a nice building and multi-levels and rooms.
Huge menu of options with tons to try other then their awesome pizza (a must have/try).
There is so much to try on the menu that sounds awesome... but other appetizers, I just have to get my pizza each and every time. So I have to taste sample from every one else. I'm working my way faster through the menu that way ;)

They also have a large Gluten Free menu, with pizza even (and it was tasty).

Staff is friendly and accommodating.
They even did a private room with private buffet of pizzas and salad for a large group we had and just did a "pay per person" at the end.

They also have a large selection of beers and drinks to choose from.
And Spotted Cow on tap... which if you're in WI, you got to sling a few back.
Being just moved here, this was a place that was highly recommended to me. One of my favorites is the 9 wheat thin crust BBQ chicken pizza. Its healthier option plus deliciousness makes it one of my favorite places for take out. They have a take out curb-side option which is great. The one time we did dine in, the service was great. The booths that we sat at was a bit dusty and dirty, but nevertheless, we still order take out from this place quite often.
Best place ever I do not see anyone who would not like it
Great pizza, but on the small side. Everyone needs at least half, and probably a whole, pizza to themselves. This makes them a bit pricey.
Disappointed. My friends had the deep dish pizza and said it was not as thick and delicious as the one they had at Uno's in Chicago. The salad they ordered was mediocre, nothing special. I had the 5 grain thin pizza with eggplant spinach and tomato, which was okay. The most memorable part of the meal was observing our waiter who kept a dead-pan expression and lumbered slowly back and forth from the dining room to the kitchen. He only provided silverware for the salad eaters, not for those with pizza who might like to eat ingredients that fell off the pizza onto the plate. Shouldn't have to wait and request eating utensils. We all agreed we would not return.
Stopped here on Sunday night with a friend.  I hadn't been to Uno's in more than 15 years.

We ordered 2 brews and a Numero Uno pizza - classic deep dish with tomatoes, peppers, onions, sausage and pepperoni.  Server was friendly and professional - he did a great job of checking in on us throughout the meal.

The problem was with our pizza - it was ice cold in spots.  My dining pal explained that the pizzas are all kept frozen and reheated to order.  Really?  But it made sense, given the ice crystals that I could still see between the crust and the toppings...

Our server took the pizza back to be "refired" and returned about 10 minutes later.  It still wasn't piping hot, but it was better.

The pizza was good, but the frozen spots were a bit troubling.  Price was on the high side as well - $19 for a deep dish that barely fed 2 people; brews were more spendy than other places.

Interior is nice, but the bar is quite small.  I'd imagine it would be an uncomfortable place if you were waiting for a table during a busy night.
It is sad to know that I live less than two hours away from Chicago, yet there are no local deep dish pizza places around.  To get my thick crust, cheese and sausage fix, I go to Uno's.  I never leave disappointed and always leave full. I like going there when my boyfriend and I can't really decide where to go for dinner because, frankly, you can ALWAYS eat pizza. :-D
We weren't really impressed. The service was fine, but the pizza wasn't very good. We got the Margharita and the basil was all wilty and dry. We probably won't go back even though we live within walking distance as there are better pizza places in town.
My mouth is watering as I think about the "Spinoccoli" dish. So. Good. Baked chicken is stuffed with broccoli and spinach (hence "spinoccoli"), feta, mozzarella, tomatoes, garlic, basil, and served over pesto pasta. It was so much food I could only finish half and was happy to eat the rest for lunch the next day. 

While we waited for our food, my roommate and I enjoyed the outdoor patio-seating as we sipped our $5 "Shaker's Choice Cocktail," which changes every month. May's was similar to a Mai Tai, and converted me to a pineapple juice fan. 

The only complaint I have is the entrance of the building isn't very inviting and seems like it's only intended for employees. I thought I made a mistake when we walked in and there wasn't anyone there to seat us. I almost walked out when a friendly waitress came around the corner and apologized for not seeing us. Small price to pay for such great food!
I have been here twice and am a big fan. Once boyfriend and I stopped in after shopping to have a beer, the other time we had drinks and the spinocclli pizza. Both times we sat in the bar area.

I have no complaints about this place. It's quick, the vibe is great (in the bar area), and the food is served hot and delicious. The staff is friendly and we enjoyed ourselves.

The only qualm I have is that the serving size isn't very large so you'd have to buy a few pizzas if out with more than two people. 

A good place to come for dinner and drinks with friends or a casual date.
There are many choices for lunch including  salad with all you can eat soup.  The rest of the lunch specials are on the back of the menu.  Eventhough this is a chain, I wasn't sure that they'd cater to a fast lunch crowd.
Good food and great service. I sat a the bar and the bartender was great. Food menu had a lot of good options. The shrimp and beans appetizer was good. The pizza was awesome. This a good place to eat.
My family went here tonight for the first time. I have two young children one is three and the other one is six months. I found it to be very family-friendly. When we entered a very nice host seated us at a very nice table. He was all smiles and very friendly. He gave us a booth with lots of room for the car seat. We sat down and we were greeted immediately by the waitress. She was very helpful with my husbands dairy allergy. She took our order quickly and with a smile. The zucchini chips appetizer was delicious. We Ordered a pizza with eggplant on it and it was really good. I would definitely order that again. The vegetables were grilled perfectly and the sauce tasted really good. The cheese wasn't undercooked. The pizzas little expensive for the size they are but they are really tasty. The only other negative I would say that the floors under the booths were a bit dirty. Other than that I would definitely go there again.
Asian fusion food.  Very busy, usually a wait for dinner.  The food is above average, but the decor is very cramped.  With the usual crowd, this is not a place for a sedate dinner, but its central location makes it a nice place to eat before doing something else in the area.
P.F. Changs a chain of Asian fusion restaurants across the globe.  They serve good chinese dishes over rice and lots of appetizers that are great to share.  A great place to go before the movies.
It's PF Changs.  It's generic Americanized asian food.  What else is there to say.
I like PF Chang's. I've eaten in a zillion of them all over the country. To a point, one is like any other one. This one stands out a tiny bit because of the weather here. It's fun to sit outside at 11 pm and down some lettuce chicken wraps and have a nice glass of wine. Plus you can 'shout out' to the folks outside Starbucks just a few feet away.
I hate to admit when I can't help but like something that is such a far cry from the "real deal." Chang's is a classic example. They serve delicious panasian cuisine. . . that is neither pan nor asian. 

But, hey, call a spade a spade, it's tasty. Anyone who says they don't even mildly like the lettuce wraps is either lying, or just doesn't like things that taste good. 

The seared ahi tuna appetizer is also dee-lish. As is the honey seared anything, and the Chang's Spicy Chicken. 

It ain't the cheapest food around, nor the most authentic, but damned if it isn't good.
Consistent with the other locations I've been to (here in LA.) 

The service was very good, the waiter was very friendly. He was from Boston and was very adorable. I wanted to squeeze him. 

That's all I remember.
Great place.  This is probably the 4th or 5th time I have eaten at a PF Changs and I have never been disappointed.  We always start with lettuce wraps which are outstanding.  This time there were 4 of us and we orderred MuShu Pork, Wok Beef, Zodiac Noodles, and Honey Shrimp to go with the lettuce wraps.  All 4 of us thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes.  We were seated right on time and were treated very well.  This place is consistently very good.  Probably should be 4 1/2 stars.
This is where PF Changs began and my first dining experience here.

Fun, dim-lit restaurant not too far from old-town.  Service excellent.  I didn't care for the dragon oolong tea.  It had a fruity, mangoeey after taste to it and did not taste like traditional Chinese tea.

Nicely ventilated.  The food is typical chinese but served in a posh-ish, peppish sort of "fine dining a la in a chain sort of style."

Still, enjoyed the food.  Also, the restrooms have a cool bamboo faucet that's neat.
I don't really understand the buzz around P.F Chang's.
Yes it is a nice restaurant and yes they have good food, but wait a half an hour for a bunch of us who came after work? No thank you!

Unfortunately I was the only one who felt that way. 

PF Changs serves very Americanized Asian cuisine for a tad higher than it's worth in my opinion. If it tastes the same or not as good as my take out Chinese place it's not worth my time or the extra money.
OK. Reviewing PF Changs in Phoenix is like reviewing Delux, Barrio Cafe or some other overly reviewed although perhaps well deserving place. That long incorrectly worded sentence aside, I have to say, we had a fantastic Chang experience. Mostly due to the fact that we were buzzed after the fabulously thrown Gabi yelp event. And we didn't choose to wait for a table, yet sat at the bar, with the other drinkers. We quickly made friends with the bar staff, and diners on either side of us. The spring rolls were crisp, hot and well, kinda bland. Thank you sides o sauce. The mushu pork was dee lish as was the Spicy Chang Chicken. However, riding the bland wagon, was the chicken fried rice. Undercooked and totally void of flavor. The sake was hot, just like the electronics were our diners to the left were hawking. Seriously. He went to his car to retrieve things. Thanks. But no thanks. Service was outstanding. Energy in the restaurant was fun. Unusual for me to give 4 stars to a chain restaurant, unless there's and in and an out in the name. But here goes for tonight. Four stars PF. Four stars! More on service and ambiance than food. But four stars nonetheless!
This is all I have to say:
Mongolian beef, Shrimp fried rice, key lime pie martini
once again that is,
Mongolian beef, Shrimp fried rice, key lime pie martini

I have narrowed my PF Changs experiece down to this and am NEVER unsatisfied. The shrimp fried rice always has the perrrrfect amount of ingrediants that I never have to douce it with soy sauce and my mongolian beef is mouth watering perfection. Topped off with my sweet dessert martini. And if your in the mood, the lettuce wraps are quite yummy too.

Trust me, get these and be satified! It's capital D-licious!

p.s. I know it's packed in there sometimes but don't be afraid to sit at the bar, I LOVE sitting there everything comes out just in time!
Sadly, I will probably never be able to eat at this place again.  Eight hours after I ate my take-out from P.F. Chang's, I either 1) suddenly came down with the stomach flu or 2) got food poisoning.  Siu Wok is better, anyway.

:(
Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a bad experience. The food was pretty awful too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce better Chinese food. And at cheaper prices. Search around. It'll be well worth it.
Went there for dinner. Was not my choice but i got outvoted. And i gotta say i was not disappointed. Drinks were alright, i had some funky ginger beer. Appetizers were tasty, if not somewhat greasy. My hot-n-sour soup was not bad, if somewhat too vinegary tasting. Wife's Singapore Noodles were pretty good. Tiny dessert samplers ( $2 a pop ) were quite good and tasty.

I think they changed their menu very recently as they have some new items i never seen on their menu before. And that is cool. 

Anyhow, it was pretty good dinner finished off by nice dessert. It was not perfect but pretty good never the less.

"I like:
I do like this place.. is it the best no, but I am finding that Phoenix is kind of hard to find Chinese that is good and not in a shady looking place.. I am very paranoid about food poisoning and I'm very picky about food.. 

So Pf Chang's, yes its a chain, its not own by Chinese people and its kind of generic but its good for what it is.. The hostess always do seem to be snotty but the waiters are nice and quick, the bar is a little expensive but that expected at a restaurant like this, but they do have a great martini menu.. Sometimes I splurge.. 

I usually always get the Chicken Lettuce Wraps which is one of my favorite things on the menu, they are messy but really good. I tried the vegetarian Lettuce wraps and they were just as good, maybe even better.. I asked if they were really vegetarian (I worked at a restaurant that claimed to be but weren't) and the waiter said that it was suitable for a vegan.. good to know.. 

For entrees I usually get the Kung Pao Chicken, very good never disappointed.. The Mongolian Beef is also pretty good.. There noodle dishes as alright pretty basic, haven't found one that I would routinely order..  But the thing I like about the food is that it is down well.. It never is too fried, or too oily of slimy etc.. some many Chinese restaurants I've been to just left me feeling like I ate a whole bucket of McDonald's fries, Chang's doesn't leave you with that heavy icky feeling.. 

Is it the best ever? No, but for what it is its good, I don't go often but when I do go I enjoy it..
Oh. My. God.

My lunch at Changs was so good that I am still losing my mind. Everything I ate was perfect. Things I ate included:

- Streamed Shrimp Dumplings

- Shanghai Cucumbers

- Shrimp Melon Salad

- Schezwan Shrimp

- Lemongrass Shrimp with Noodles

- Shrimp with Lobster Sauce

- Mango Iced Tea

Yes that is a lot of shrimp, and yes every single bite was damn good. Also, yes I am a giant fat ass who orders 7 things for lunch. So? It was THAT good.

All you freaks who hate chain restaurants and refuse to like PF Changs just because it's all corporate are really missing out. Missing out on great service, instant refills, perfectly cooked deliciously spiced food and a solid place to eat.
I ate here this weekend, while on a trip to AZ.  It helps to be open-minded about food on a weekend away, especially in a whitebread area like Scottsdale.  Even with the lowered expectations, however, the food here was a poor excuse for chinese food.  

My friends and I ordered the following:  Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Peking Dumplings, Vegetable Dumplings, Mongolian Beef, Chang's Lemon Scallops, Buddha's Feast, and Vegetable Chow Fun.

While most of this was edible, none of it was really particularly tasty or memorable.  The Mongolian Beef was overpoweringly salty, the Lemon Scallops were okay for the first ten minutes and quickly got tiring (the fry batter was much too much and the sauce too sweet and gloopy).  The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were far and away the best out of the bunch, but even as Lettuce Wraps go, they were only so-so.  The dumplings were good, but it's pretty difficult to mess up dumplings.

The really appalling thing, and what merits the 1-star rating, is the atrocious selection available for vegetarians and vegans.  My brother is a vegan, and he ordered the Buddha's Feast.  It was described as "Veggies with five-spice tofu, steamed or stir-fried," which sounds like a normal Chinese dish.  Veggies, tofu, sauce, etc.

What came out was almost insulting.  It was a bowl of vegetables, steamed.  No sauce, no spice, nothing.  We had to ask the waitress where the tofu was.  When she pointed out some mushroom-looking things (only two or three pieces in the whole dish), we couldn't help but laugh incredulously.  I can't believe they actually offer this dish with a straight face and call it anything other than a side of steamed veggies.  Is it so demanding in this day and age to expect SOMETHING edible and delicious on the menu for vegetarians and vegans?  

My poor brother then ordered the Vegetable Chow Fun (which resembled Chow Fun not-at-all) and barely touched his food.  Have these people ever had chinese food?  I suggest that the menu/recipe design team of PF Chang's take an educational trip to any Chinatown and receive some schooling.  

Oh well.  Even if they DID have something satisfying for the non-meat-eaters, the place wouldn't have gotten more than 2.5 stars from me anyway.

boohiss

P.S. "I'm a chain restaurant!  Please don't hurt me!"  is no excuse for sub-par food, sorry folks.
THe food here was not good. We ordered several dishes including the dumplings, seafood, and noodles. I didnt like any of it and would definitely not go back
In my opinion, this restaurant is efficient. What do I care about their level of efficiency? 

1. A short wait for a table
2. Pleasant service by staff who set a tone of order in a large and open restaurant
3. Good prices
4. A well rounded set of dinner options
5. A neatly organized menu with descriptions true to taste

I don't mind supporting the independents when I know where they are, but this week its all about avoiding the hits or misses that I have been enduring in Phoenix over the past 3 months.

I wasn't expecting authentic chinese food- its a chain so if you go in with that expectation then I think you need to do your homework on the meaning of "chain restaurant"....

Wish I could have tried more items on the menu. What I did get was excellent- crab wontons, steamed dumplings (can't remember which), and a double pan fried noodles with shrimp. No leftovers on this trip!

Oh, and a PF X. Went down well enough to order a second.

So, my white-bread bottom will be back at this restaurant in the future :)
So it's a chain.  I like it.  Who is making up these unwritten rules that we can't dine at, write about, or enjoy a chain restaurant anyway?

I actually come here primarily when my mom is visiting because she likes it.  So do a few of my Flagstaff friends.  I've found the food is always prepared well, the service is always great, and the prices are reasonable including drink prices.  Oh and now they have these cute little dessert minis for $2.00 each.  I didn't indulge since we had a birthday cake at home, but for $2, I can try everything that looks good!
To be honest, I really don't consider the food here to be Asian. It's very far removed, but about one step away from being American cuisine. The food here is really good, don't get me wrong. Just don't come in here expecting exciting authentic Asian cuisine. It's "safe Asian" for the whitebread, Scottsdale community. 

Regardless, the service here is always really good and efficient. The waiters always bring the dishes at the right time and check up on your multiple times to see how everything is. Considering the portions you're offered, you get a pretty good pricing for a meal if you're sharing. Overall, I tend to think the food is more filling than it is flavorful, but that's just my opinion. Some people swear by this place... I am not one of those individuals. The Kung-Pao Chicken isn't bad and it seems to be a staple at this place. The dessert shot glass things are a recent addition to the menu and are actually really good. I wish more restaurants would think of using these because it makes sense after eating a huge meal to get something small rather than a sundae the size of a T-bone.

In all, P.F. Chang's is pretty good. It's a nice spot to have a dinner with friends or family because alot of the dishes are made to be shared. If you're looking for real Asian food however, you're not going to find it here and are better off trying a smaller, family-run place.

(Side note: P.F. Chang's is probably Phoenix's most successful franchise export. They've got locations in LA, Vegas, and a few other cities.)
I had lunch for the first time at this location since moving here a year and a half ago. I work right around the corner. I had one of the lunch specials which came w/choice of soup i had the sweet and sour it was delicious w/lots of goodies in the soup my main dish was a seseme seed chicken w/brown rice also delicious all for 8$ or so service was also very good a delightful young lady
its for sure not the classic chinese restaurant i am used to but it was a nice change of pace. the food wasnt bad and considering the suburban poshness of the place i cant say i had a bad time. the place had some pretty good drinks and the service was up to par. id for sure go back if im ever in scottsdale.
absolute waste of time and money. Good looking waitress but whats the use f the food takes ages to come. Taste is average and not worth the cost. Ie no value for money. Not gonna visit this one again.
I can cook my own noodles at home for 1/10th the price and 200% better taste.
this is definitely a 4 star restaurant. Everything about is terrific. However, its not a dazzler.
PF Chang's ain't bad.  Granted, it's not the best food I've ever had but there is a lot to like about this chain and the food IS of good quality.

I like the following:

1.  The lunch bowls are really inexpensive.  You can get a decent lunch bowl and soup for like 8 bucks ($7.95 to be precise).  That's pretty cheap, man.  I mean, come on.  8 bucks rarely even buys you a 12-pack of beer anymore.

2.  The to-go containers are awesome.  I bicycle around and, to date, no hot soup has spilled down my back.  It snaps together and, VOILA, you're good to go.

3.  Overall, it's pretty fast.  If you work close to a PF Chang's, call a little bit in advance, get it to go and, man, you're set.

Sometimes the people who work at this location think too highly of me and don't realize I'm a fatass.  I'll order my food, the lunch deal and sometimes two spring rolls and they'll give me two forks and two fortune cookies (actually I got three fortune cookies today).  They either think I'm ordering for two or that I need two forks to shovel the food into my mouth twice as fast.  If I were ambidextrous, I so would.

Celebrity sighting!  I saw Frankie Muniz outside of this location, too.  I looked at him as he walked by and I was like, "Is that the kid from Malcolm in the Middle?"  I cocked my head like a dog who heard a whistle and he looked a little panicked, like he thought, "Ah shit.  This guy knows who I am."  I didn't say anything cause he was with his chick and I had to fart.  

But, hey, Frankie, that sweaty guy who had to fart used to watch your show when he was in school.
I went yesterday after a reprive from having lunch here.  I had the cashew chicken w/a cup of sweet and sour soup and brown rice the usuall for me not exciting but flavorful. i sat at the bar as i usually do i will say the service was less then steller. this person has waited on me before and acts like he really has no intrest in waiting on you i  always have to ask for the chili sauce/hot mustard and my water glass stayed empty untill he brought me my check....never asked me how my meal was or thanked me for coming in just put my check down and walked away. I still left a tip of 12% BUT HE WAS REALLY WORTH 0.    i HOPE MNGT READS THIS REVIEW AND TAKES CARE OF THIS SITUATION THEN I WILL RETURN FOR LUNCH
I did take out here as I need a quick dinner and it met the mark.  I really like the fact that you can get brown rice and the prices are pretty reasonable.  I liked the mapo tofu but the guy who took the order over the phone insisted it wasn't fried and it was.  Other than that, it was pretty good.
Even though PF Changs is not real and authentic Chinese/Asian food and a chain, I will give some credit to some of the food I had last night.  My buddy and I went there just for the hell of it, as I haven't been to one in years.  I got a PF-X drink, which I highly recommend.  It has some mango rum, sprite, and something else that gives a well balanced drink.  He got a pear mojito which was okay, since I am not a big fan of mojitos.  We sat at the bar and got incredible service and attention from the bartender there.  I give an extra start to PF Chang because I think they value customer service.

As an appetizer we got chicken lettuce wrap.  It is a diced up chicken in soy sauce that goes into an empty fresh lettuce.  To complement our dish, our bartender made a sauce mixed with soy, chili pepper, and mustard.  This added a nice kick to our lettuce wraps.  

My man dish was the mahi mahi with lemon grass cilantro brown rice.  The lemon grass was almost as good as lemon grass from a Thai restaurant, and that is saying quite a bit.  My friend got the honey glazed chicken, which was okay.

Overall was a pleasant experience.
The only reason I ate here during my visit to the new AZ Yelp office was because it was close to the hotel and I had a craving for Ahi. This location reminded me of the other PF's I have been to and the food was just as I remembered. Not spectacular, but still a very decent place to eat. I have nothing bad to say about this location, but nothing stood out either.
I went to lunch today with a client and since Wildfish was closed we walked over to PF Chang's.

Remember when PF Chang's first opened in the original location at Fashion Square?  What a mob-scene that was back in the day with an hour plus wait for a table.

I haven't been here since shortly after this location opened.  They had a fair-sized lunch crowd and we were seated immediately.

I ordered the almond and cashew chicken and my client ordered the mongolian beef.  Both of us were happy with our dishes.

PF Chang's is definitely always a very consistent dining experience.
This place has seen better days. Wildly inconsistent service and food quality. Stick with the lettuce wraps and chicken soup as only viable options. Kid city.
I always enjoy my visits to PF Changs.  The quality of the food is consistently good and flavorful, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant is very tasteful.  Every time I come in you can see guests laughing and smiling so you know the enjoyability of the restaurant is contagious.  The staff is always very pleasant and accomodating and informative if you have any questions.  A bonus is that they issue out a 10% off discount card that I received after a visit in downtown San Jose, CA.  How can it get any better?
The kung pao shrimp and fried bananna desert is delish!
So we went there last night for my bday. We had reservations at 645 and then had to change them to 715, when we got there they only made us wait about 2 mins to clean the table, which was nice!  Allison was our server, which we had her last time as well- super nice, once again:) Great service! 
I started with their Bloody Mary not spicy and my husband got a Fat Tire on draft. The bloody mary was sooo spicy even adding tomato juice hah so I ended up getting something else, which they were very accommodating. We started with the chix lettuce wraps, which were awesome as always, then I ordered the Changs spicy Chicken and my husband ordered the Shrimp and Chicken Rice. I was a little disappointed that the Changs spciy chicken seemed a little dry and I have gotten it in the past with success and the Shrimp and Chicken had 6-7 pieces of meat in it. Bummer. TONS of rice tho, you should see the bowl it comes in, so if you like rice with a taste of meat, its your meal, I wouldn't advise for men! Then they brought out a dessert shooter for my bday which was nice. I only had two bites and my husband ate it, which he loved. All together a good place to go, just bummed that the food was a little blah this time. The manager usually comes to the table and asks how everything was and what not, I would have told him our service was great but he was hanging out at the hostess station... but like I said all in all a cool place.
Just stopped in for the Honey Chicken Lunch Bowl, the Sweet & Spicy soup, with a Carrot Cake chaser for desert,  all served by Justin...EXCELLENT !!
Another great place to eat. I actually drive by the Santa Monica location 6-8 times per day, but never had a chance to go in to see what it's all about. So 400 miles away, I got my opportunity. 

I had the grilled salmon with asparagus and broccoli. Very well made and excellent tender salmon quality. 

The environment doesn't get better either. Great seating and great atmosphere. 

Again, if I didn't live in Los Angeles, I would eat here all the time.
Since I'm Chinese, I can only give the food at PF Chang 4 stars . . . but the day that I came here for lunch, the service was 5 stars if not 6 stars.

The waiter was so professional, so attentive I looked aroudn to make sure I wasn't on candid camera getting punked. 

In fact, the service was so good, when it came time to leave a tip, my hand had a mind of its own and left a 50% tip.

And I left a happy costumer, looking forward to coming back here again and hopefully getting the same waiter!
Go to Pei Wei and have the same food for less money. Dry rice, too-sweet sauces, dry & flavorless beef, oversalted everything. Don't pay for it. Pei Wei is just as awful for less.
Was in town for a conference...I ordered online, my order was screwed up 2 days in a row: The 1st night they completely forgot my brown rice. The 2nd night the green beans were burned beyond recognition...What's a girl to do...at home (Chicago), I've never had a bad experience with PFC's...Oh well, u can't win 'em all~
I love PF Changs. I won't bother talking about the food since obviously its the same as in any other location and it has become such a big chain that anyone who reads this is probably already somewhat familiar with the menu. I am not usually a fan of chain restaurants but this one is based in Scottsdale and so hopefully more of our dollars are staying in the local economy. 

I just wanted to say that the staff at this location is great, most of the time if I go here for lunch it is with a large party and they are always extremely accommodating and friendly. Though I have eaten at other locations in the valley and the one in Tucson and I think they are all great. ;0)
Solid three stars for my lunch here last Monday afternoon. 

I have to admit I am a PF Changs fan and connoisseur. I have been coming to this restaurant since I was in high school and I should have stuck with my tried and true dishes: Crispy Honey Shrimp, Green Beans and Lettuce Wraps. 

Since it was lunch we went with the lunch bowl menu. The prices were very cheap, about $9 or so and it came with soup and either white or brown rice. I got the Honey Chicken and it was just okay. The egg drop soup I liked much more than the Hot & Sour. The service was very slow. We were there at about 2pm, so I think thats after lunch rush, but they seemed to be very understaffed for how many people were there. Overall, food was just okay, but the price was right! Next time back to my favorite dishes.
i have been here 10+ times over the last 3 yrs normally the food is decent im part of the lunch crowd so i cant speak for dinner but my sesame chicken lunch special yesterday was mediocre half of the chicken pieces were so over cooked the were hard and dry some of the other pieces were better but not perfect ,service was good
PF Changs is one of those places that is always going to be solid and I am always going to like it...I remember when it opened where Grand Lux CAfe is now...I love going here for Dim Sum Happy Hour...its a great deal and its fun to go with friends after work.  My boyfriend and I like to go on dates here very now and then too.  We both like the pork dumplings that are steamed and pan fried...they are both delicious and of course we always have the waitor mix up some of that great sauce with the hot mustard and chili paste!  I really like the orange chicken, the moo shu chicken, mongolian beef, changs spicy chicken, kung pao chicken and the dan dan noodles.  I also really love their chocolate cake...Ask for it warmed up with raspberry sauce and chocolate sauce with vanilla ice cream! You may only want this for your meal hahaha...This place will always be here and I will always enjoy it!
Yes, I know. This is a chain. But, when it's Friday night, late and all the surrounding restaurants are full, sometimes a chain will just have to do! And let me be the first to say, I'm happy this chain was around! 

I have a soft spot in my heat for P.F. Chang's. Maybe it's because I spent many nights at a Chang's growing up or maybe it's because you can never really go wrong with anything on the menu. But whatever it is, I have a soft spot. 

So it's Friday night and we were hungry so we decide that Chang's would have to do. Not only is this Chang's large enough to accommodate even the largest of crowds, but they were friendly and sat and served us right away! The moment I sat down, i saw that they are offering one smokin' deal: $39 pre fix meal for two! That includes, two soups (egg or sweet & sour), one appetizer, two entrees, rice and two mini desserts. They had all the popular items on the pre fix menu and everything was delicious and filling! It was absolutely enough and you can't really complain for $39! The only thing I wish I would have gotten is a veggie side dish with it. I don't know how long this special will last, but it's definitely worth checking out!

So moving on to the food, I like pretty much everything here. My top picks are the wontons, lettuce wraps, Chang's spicy chicken, Mongolian beef, sweet & sour chicken, Orange chicken and the shrimp dishes. For dessert, we had the minis of the tiramasu and chocolate mousse. The chocolate mousse was the winner in my book!

So in summery, I like Chang's because it's fast, it gets you in and out, it's a nice dinner without being too "in" the Scottsdale scene even though you're in the heart of it the moment you step outside, and the food will always be decent.
Happy Hour ROCKS - the food and drink menu's get better and better. The staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of Old Town! I could eat my weight in Dumplings or Lettuce Wraps any day of the week. It will absolutely get crowded on a weekend night or if something is going on near the mall. Head to the bar and grab a cold beer while you wait!
Decent Chinese food. Overpriced. Typical chain. The service was good considering we arrived close to closing time. The decor was beautiful, but it'd be great if a chain like this would play traditional Chinese music and not cheesy 80s/early 90s music for my dining pleasure.
One of THE fave Saturday lunch spots with my BFF!

Been going to this restaurant since the beginning with it's original location of Scottsdale Fashion Square for 18 years!  

Consistently GREAT service, food,  and atmosphere!
really enjoyed this place this was the second time we visited this location 
it is so clean and comfortable 
waiter was very nice and attentive
timing of the food was on point drinks were very good
validated our parking 
prices reasonable 
Mgr was a young lady with a very sweet accent that came to our table to say hello and i thought that was just so nice 
we will be back !
I hadn't been here in such a long time. The last time I was at a PF Changs was in Honolulu. They have really good happy hour. In Hawaii my favorite drink here is the Aloha Kiss but they didn't have it at this location so I tried the Asian pear mojito. Very refreshing...I like mojitos and I like Asian pears so it's the perfect combo. I tried many different appetizers but my favorite are the fried green beans and fire dumplings.
This was my long-overdue first visit to P.F. Chang's and it was very satisfying. Went for lunch on a Friday and it was not very busy at all.

I'll get into the food in a bit, but first I have to applaud Chang's for their amazing service. Not only were they super-attentive and friendly but they helped us out so much. The thing is, my girlfriend is vegetarian and I am vegan so it's often hard to find a decent meal at restaurants that cater primarily to meat-eaters. We let our server know our dietary concerns and he was zipping back and forth to the kitchen (unbidden, mind you!) to find out what all was vegan. Usually when I dine out and ask "Does this have _____ in it?" or "Is this vegan?" I get an odd look and an unsure "Yeah...that's totally vegan...". It's hard to enjoy a meal when you aren't confident that there isn't some sort of strange animals bits lurking in it. You'd have to adhere to understand, but trust me. It sucks when you can't enjoy your food because there is that concern in the back of your mind.

Now on to the food...

We started with the tofu lettuce wraps which I had heard great things about. They were a bit salty for my tastes, but still very good. The addition of a crisp, cool sesame slaw would have taken this dish to the next level, but that's just me.

For the main course I got the coconut curry and my girlfriend got the ma po tofu. The coconut curry had all kinds of colorful vegetables and tofu topped with peanuts. It was alright, but no where near the same quality curry you'd get from Thai Basil or Swadee or Touch of Thai. But that's to be expected. After all, it's not a Thai restaurant.

The ma po tofu was HUGE. Large, sweet and saucy chunks of tofu wreathed in broccoli. Of the three things we tried, this was my favorite.

Oh, and they offer brown rice! Thank goodness because American really needs to get on the Whole Grain Train.

So there you have it. The vegan food is enough for me to *want* to return, but the great service pretty much guarantees that I will. I just hope the Chang's across the street from me in Chandler can match this location! If so, I'd be stunned.

UPDATE: Since posting this review I've visited both the Chandler and Tempe Chan'gs. Of the three Scottsdale is by far the best. Chandler location completely lost my business when they mixed chicken in with my tofu. Unacceptable.
Big location, lots of seating, and great outdoor area.

Yelp check-in offer, free order of dim sum - edamame potstickers, yum!  Chicken Fried Rice, yum yum!  Northern-style ribs, triple yum (you knew that was coming!).

Why wouldn't you come here - it's always great and consistently good!  

Justin, bartender - fun, and extraordinarily nice!

Late night happy hour - yay!  When the nights in AZ are as lovely as now, in the 70's --- sitting outside is supreme!
OK, so I am a chinese food whore.  Had the best in Hong Kong, Singapore, even chinatowns in LA and NY.  But I was at the mall shopping with a friend and thought we would pop in for a cocktail and maybe a bite.  I noticed the new Dim Sum on the menu.  We ordered some dumpling and they were absolutely disgusting.  Tasted like the kind you could buy from Costco.  Don't get me wrong, the bar service was pleasant, drinks good.  But to serve these tough, mushy, way too doughy dumplings was a total insult.  Horrible is stating it nicely.
I've been to PF Chang's many times, but this was the first seeking gluten free items. I was surprised and happy to find a pretty extensive gluten free menu. But,,,, the items on the gluten free menu are at least $1 more than their same counterparts on the regular menu. I guess that gluten free soy sauce is more expensive?! Please. I had the Singapore street noodle dish. It was okay, but had very little chicken and shrimp in it, and was mainly rice noodles with some cherry tomatoes. The best thing about the gluten free menu was the GF Flourless Chocolate Dome- it was an amazing chocolate dessert, despite the $5.95 price tag. It was well presented with berries, a mint sprig and the oh so pretty drizzles on the plate. It melted in your mouth with a creamy chocolate center. I split it with another person; even though it was small, it was enough for two. Go for dessert!
Watch out for their rum & cokes.  Very strong stuff indeed.  

No, I am not complaining.  Good service on this visit.  Since this is a chain, and everybody already knows everything they serve, what more can be said?
This is not the first time I've eaten at PFC, but it's the first time I've dined there and was not at all pleased with the offerings. Ok, so I went with a large group and we ordered from the prix fixe menu ($39.95 for choice of apps/entrees/dessert). Some fried rice, beef & broc, orange peel chicken. All of it was extra salty. The fried rice: zero veggies, eggs only (extra $ btw for fried sted white rice). That too was salty. I have to say that this might be a regional faux pas? Anyway, one thing to ring home about was the lettuce wraps app. Very well, done, although it was hard to recognize the chicken in it. For dessert, the Great Wall chocolate cake wasn't too bad: not so moist, but good frosting. This was meh!! I'd hit up Panda...
Found a Screw in my Rice, 
Way to go on killing me. Luckily it was right on TOP and I couldnt miss it, although the waiter could. 
When I pointed it out to the waiter he just said "sorry" and left. 
Came back with a larger bowl of rice...... when I was done eating... 
That really made up for it? 
NOT! 

However when I told my friends about this, one of my friends said the same thing happend to her dad at the Keirlands PF Chang location. Her dad had the metal sponge peice in his food... Thats absolutely discusting!
They now have lunch combos for only $10.  Hip, hip, hooray!
The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked. Good location also
This restaurant still has one of the best deals around: $39.95 for a three course meal for two. Not bad right? You get a soup, appetizer, two entree and dessert. Yum.
Waiter name Jill gave me the wrong chicken,never came back to ask for water refill
would you believe that this was my second visit to this restaurant in the last several months and was served the wrong entree both times?  The service was slow to begin with and then I had to wait again for the correct entree.  When the correct food came it was just OK.  Everything was pretty tasteless.  We will not return.
Yes this is a chain. But I really like it nonetheless. What can I say? It's super tasty! It's also a good place to grab dinner at 10:30pm on a Saturday when nowhere else is still open...although I would've wanted to go here anyways. The Lettuce wraps are amazingly good, especially with the yummy sauce they mix up for you at your table. We also ordered the Honey Chicken and the Mongolian Beef, which were both very good too. I like the atmosphere of this location as well, and the server was super friendly and helpful.
Our waiter was very helpful. Food was good, nothing special but satisfying. Everyone loved the mini desserts.
Terrible! I ordered buddha's feast and it came as a bunch of vegetables with no sauce and no moisture. Awful.
Got the mongolian beef excellent. A good place to get some warm supper.
Another P.F. Changs that didn't disappoint! I came here with my mom recently and did the 2 for $40 deal. It is A LOT of food for the price and we ended up taking some home, as usual. The service is always good and the food is consistent. Love P.F.'s
Been to one Chang's, been to them all. Except for the specific decor, they're a chain. My sister was in town on business recently and had a craving for Chang's so we stopped here before shopping across the street. We each tried their new Pad Thai dish with chicken and shrimp...meh, ho hum. Trust me, stick with their tried-and-true dishes. My faves are the Dan Dan Noodles, the Crispy Honey Chicken, and Singapore Street Noodles. The crab wontons, chicken lettuce wraps, and dynamite shrimp are my favorite appetizers. They also make a mean key lime martini. 

This location is good -- it's on the SWC of Camelback and Scottsdale Rds, across from Scottsdale Fashion Square near the waterfront. Inside and outside seating are available.
Great service!

Went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and although there wasn't many people in the dining room the wait staff was fully stacked. Our waiter was very attentive to refilling glasses and checking up on us and was really nice when we split the check 4 ways.
Came here as a party of 4 on Christmas Eve - we had a reservation, but the place was jammed packed so I was unsure of the wait, despite having a reservation. We checked in and were taken immediately to a table. Our server was excellent, we never had an empty class. The food was wonderful, not a long wait for it to come out and just an overall great experience. 5 stars for excellent customer service and tasty food!
This place was so disoriented when I visited.  I went for dinner and we had to wait an hour for the food to come after we ordered from the server.  The meals all came out at different times and it was so awkward to all eat at different times.  My food was not hot at all so I had to send it back.  The waiter wasn't really giving us a good explanation of why it was taking so long and why the food didn't come out hot.  She said that the cooks don't know how to cook in the kitchen.... hmmm. The manager didn't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow.
I love this restaurant.  I think the happy hour food ad drink selection is great and the prices (even not during happy hour time) are reasonable.  I always get the ahi tuna app, the shrimp dumplings and shrimp fried rice. My husband loves their pork lo mien.
great service, fantastic food
It's your typical PF Changs.  The food is really reasonable and they give you good portions.  We always get the 2 for $39.95 meal.  It's a great deal.  You each get a soup, share an appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 mini desserts.  After our meal we simply weren't hungry for dessert.  Our waiter was nice and instead took our drinks off the menu.
Great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options!  Our server Patrick was great!!
My wife and I are new to the valley and originally from New York. we went here for a Saturday night dinner to celebrate our anniversary, and boy we were surprised with the service & food. yes, for Chinese food it's a bit pricey. but the menu is wide, the  quality is great, everything was tasty and we really enjoyed the service. on top of that they gifted us for a first time visit and/or anniversary, not sure why for which of the one, but it doesn't matter. we will definitely come here again.
Went for dinner with group of 8 on Monday night for dinner. Moderately busy with two St Louis teams on the TV.  Not quite your "normal" PF Chang decor ... Place was smaller and more intimate with outside seating to take advantage of the locale. Egg drop soup just to syrupy for me .... Just keep it simple.  Wonton soup +.  Lettuce wraps done quite well, maybe even the highlight    Entrees included Mongolian beef, spicy chicken. Mongolian beef very salty,  otherwise, nice large portions for the entres. Only downside was the service. We ordered very quickly upon arriving and but did not get our food for approximately an hour.
One way I judge a restaurant is by how well they recover from mistakes.  My 5 stars is for the way this location's manager, John, recovered from an error their kitchen made.   A well run restaurant acknowledges when it has made a mistake and addresses it promptly and positively - which is exactly what John did.  Because of this PF Chang's service leadership - I will be a repeat customer.
I usually try to avoid franchises, both to frequent and to review - bit this one is an exception, due to the spectacular visit we had. 

The service was nice even if there was bit of a mix up when we were seated, but the service never was unprofessional one bit. Halfway through the meal the manager came out and spoke to us, and gave us all $10 gift cards for this establishment. For a party of 4 that was quite nice for me that took care of the bill. (I promise I tipped decently on the actual amount.)

The food doesn't impress me, but the restaurant is very nice looking. That together with a surprising service, that gave us a really nice dinner experience. And that is what I wanted to convey by my review.
Came here with my girlfriends on a Friday evening. Restaurant was not very busy. Our server was very nice and helpful. Our drinks came out very quickly and we received refills without having to ask for them.
I had not been to P.F. Chang's in quite some time as my last experiences were not that great. We were regular customers of this restaurant when we moved here several years ago, the food quality seemed to go down every time we came until we stopped coming. This time however, I enjoyed my food and the quality of  the food. I also liked the look of the updated menu - not sure they use this menu in all locations yet. I think I will be back more often.
I just ordered the beef and broccoli along with the fried dumplings.. Can you say way over priced.. I dropped $25 on food that was not all that good.. The beef and broccoli was so sweet.. Toward the end I had to stop eating it because it was sickly sweet and felt the same about the dumplings sauce.. (Just as a rule of thumb... Don't put the sauce all over the dumplings on a take out order.. They became soggy) but why so much sugar!? I think you should scale way back, probably by 3/4ths. 
Totally not worth the cost of the food.. The only bright spot was the customer service, it was excellent..
The Scottsdale location was able to seat us ( a party of 5) quickly and we tried a variety of items.

The food has never impressed me much, especially the lettuce wraps-everyone raves about. The actual "meat" that you put in the iceberg shells is sketchy, what is in there? Chicken mixed with tofu and chewy bits??

I go with others and enjoy the wonderful service and beautiful atmosphere of the restaurants.

That being said....I wouldn't make the shrimp with candied walnuts and honeydew melon at home and I admit it is great tasting!
First timers, I took the family (wife and three girls) here and we LOVED it. Half-price happy hour appetizers (ribs, enamame and spring rolls) were great. Dinner was excellent as was the service. Got out for $100 + top! which is good value. After a week in Scotsdale, trust me, this is good value. Would def go back; great spot!,
Pf Changs is the place to go for chinese food. Its better than the mom and pop shops because they give you way more food.

If you like fried rice get the pf changs combo rice and you wont be disappointed. 

Tammi the bartender at the oldtown location is always great and has good recommendations
For a chain restaurant that is trying to be more upscale, the food here is average. Which I guess is saying a lot since there are not many good Chinese restaurants that I have found in the Phoenix area.  It is always overpriced and crowded.  Maybe others know something I don't.
PF Changs has delicious food in a quiet beautiful place. The lettuce wraps are succulent and not too salty. The salmon and orange chicken were fantastic. Our waiters were knowledgeable and gave good suggestions to help us 4 girls order the right amounts. I'm so glad we came to PF Changs.
I'll start off by saying I love P.F. Chang's.  They are one of the few corporate restaurants that consistently get it right.  That being said, I feel a bit bamboozled.  

I have my favorites at every restaurant I visit.  I called in last night for my normal Pad Thai to pick up.  I never check the order because I always trust the integrity of the product.  I ordered edamame as well.  

I'll set the scene.  I was so excited because I was totally craving rice noodles.  It was later in the evening.  I get settled in and ready to dish up my entree.  As I unpack my Pad Thai, my smile starts to diminish.  What's up with the noodles?!  They are all broken.  Remember when mom used to cut up your spaghetti when you were 5 years old?  Same thing.  Not a long noodle in the entire order!  It's like that sold me noodles that they over cooked and bottom of the pasta boiler.  The chef must have been off last night.  The quality was horrible. What comes to my mind next is, I hope the consistency of the dish is still intact as far as the flavor profile is concerned.  It was.  Thank goodness.  18$ for broken noodles that brought me back to being 5 and having mom cut the spaghetti.  Not priceless.  Insulting.  Watch your quality control, chefs.
Pf Chang's just can't get it right.  

It took me a month to get back here.  I finally did.  Take out again as usual.  I called in.  They remembered my order, as all aloha systems do regarding takeout orders.  Fine.  Pad Thai again with a certain amount of fear because of the last experience.

Upon arrival, I choose to inspect my order.  Greeted by a nervous bartender and manager.  

They both looked at me like I was violating some takeout rule.  I told them I had a bad experience last time.  I need to check the order.  I likened it to when you're slumming it and have to check your burger before you leave the drive thru.  

The manager, never introduced himself, was wearing a blue and white vertical striped shirt and a black suit.  

He asked me what had happened upon the last take out.  I told him the noodles were in pieces.  Chopped up.  He literally tossed a free appetizer card over the bar.  I tossed it back.  He returned the motion.  I felt like we were playing air hockey at a certain point.  

You will find no personal service from this location.

While walking out, I saw a woman sleeping in a booth.  Literally, curled up.  Food still on the table.  Is she an employee?!  And if so, why is Mr. Manager allowing this impression?!! Get your shit together Pf.!!!
Pei Wei is a less  expensive version of P.F. Changs.  Most of them deliever and the food is better than your average Chinese take-out.  Chicken lettuce wraps and egg rolls are great options.
For Asian Fusion, which I don't necessarily agree with, this was an excellent place to eat.  Nice selection, nice prices, quick service.  It's an offshoot Of PF Chang's, kind of like their fast food brand, actually prefer it to the owners'.
It's hard to give a place more than 3 stars when the food is decent but you can get much better and more authentic for the same prices elsewhere. This is quality Chinese fast food, but it's uninspired and you feel like you're at a glorified McDonald's after more than 3 trips here. However, once in awhile McDonald's does hit the spot and Pei Wei may do just that for you as well.
Pei Wei is pretty good eats, and you always know what you are going to get.  The food is good quality, the place is well run, and it's clean.  

They have a pretty good selection of veggie items, and I really like how they prepare tofu (it's like, baked & grilled... or something).  Plus, their orange iced-tea is really tasty.
visiting a friend in scottsdale we stopped here on the way to spend "football saturday" with her family...she likes this place said it was usually quick, full of flavor and easy to get to on the way to her parents.

I definitely had to agree it definitely was pretty tasty chinese fast food. the noodle dish i ordered was full of flavor and spicy...which to me is always a plus.  the next time i visit AZ, i'll probably be making another stop here.

only flaw was the staff, i know it was a slow time, saturday midday, but you could look a bit more friendly...
I make a real effort to avoid chains, but I can't stay away from this place.  We have one in KC and it is the perfect solution to a Sunday hangover.  

Fresh, fast and clean....I feel good eating here.
What exactly is an asian diner?  I think thats some kind of oxy moron if you ask me... my new arizona pal and natalie g recomended this place to me on our business trip.  I was surprised that a chain like this could have halfway decent food.  I probably wouldnt eat here again by choice but it wasn't bad at all.
When I am in the mood for a little asian fusion I call on Pei Wei to bring me some cheap and good food. They have a little of everything and I have discovered that the best dish is a toss up between the Cream Cheese Rangoons and the Crispy Honey Shrimp. 

I love the self serve sauces and complimentary fortune cookies. I always go for two.
I must say, I do not really like thier food. 

But since they do not use any hydrogenated oils, I wanted to give them a shout out for doing it the right way
I went to Pei Wei last night for a casual girls' night dinner.  It was a perfect place for a group of girls to meet because of the following:

-it's cheap
-it's fast casual so each person pays their own bill and then sits down (no stress when the bill comes as is often the case with groups)
-there is plenty to choose from on the menu
-for those that are picky or dieting, they are great about special orders, sauce on the side, etc...

That being said, Pei Wei is just average in my eyes; never my first choice of places to go, but I can always find something to eat... Last night I had the shrimp teriyaki bowl with brown rice.  The shrimp tasted like it came from the freezer (probably because it did), but the veggies, rice, and sauce were all pretty good.  I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish.  The chicken lettuce wraps and edamame are always safe bets and hopefully will remain on their menu forever.

I'm sure I'll be back to Pei Wei because of the positive factors listed above - the concept is a good one, just don't compare it to a high end restaurant and enjoy it for what it is!

PS - shout out to all the girls that came out last night - I had fun seeing all of you and can't wait for the next one!
Nothing special. the food I thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place. Only went once and not going back
Ugh, this place is terrible!  It looks good, and it smells good, but it unfailingly ALWAYS disappoints!  I seriously have not had one dish that tasted close to right.  Its salty and very flavorful, but somehow it just tastes off.  I've tried a lot of dishes here too.
Great fast cooking Asian menu. Hot or cold food chemically and physically. My fav is the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad. For a little kicked up performance, ask for a small serving of pot sticker sauce, then mix in i spoon red pepper, one spoon ginger, several drips of vinegar and hot oil (all of these ingredients are found at the service bar except the pot sticker oil you will have to ask a server for) and mix it all up. It's a great concoction you will love to kick things up. Generals chicken is also a fav.
You always liked P.f. Chang's, cause they're ok for 'americanized' chinese food, and 'cause they gots the gluten-free menu. But you wanted it faster and didn't want to need a reservation or dress up (at all). And, you wanted giant digital lcd screen menus like shit from 'Blade Runner'. 

Shazam-o! 

Pei Wei was born, conjured up fer you by the Chang-ers themselves.  

~ The end ~
Terrible. 
Two people, two lunches, one appetizer. The app, crab wontons, was delivered first and had a good flavorful sweet and sour sauce that I used to flavor the rest of my food. One star for the appetizer.
I see that even though you may order your food on the same ticket as your date, the food comes out one at a time. Which meant that my food was delivered and since my date and I didn't care to share dishes we both sat there awkwardly waiting for his while my food got cold. 
"Spicy Korean" was neither spicy nor korean, nor did it have any flavor at all. But it had a shitload of carrots for all you rabbits out there. I find it amusing that garbage restaurants think a sprinkle of sesame seeds suddenly makes food "Korean." It doesn't and your marketing sucks. 
The crowning jewel of this fiasco came down to a competition between the Dan Dan Noodles and the birds. While I was attempting to choke down my too-soft spaghetti drowned in too much sugary-sweet brown sauce, little grisly bits of chicken and a handful of bean sprouts that I tried valiantly to save with some hot sauce (and failed miserably), the birds were stalking us. One bird attempted to make his domination attempt known to the other birds by yipping at them and following them around like a nagging old wife chasing her husband with a rolling pin. This continued as they waited for us to finish our food so that we could leave so that they could attack the leftovers. I eventually gave up on my food and just stopped eating; it was that bad. By the time we were finished and standing up to leave, no less than fifteen birds were advancing toward our table. We took the dirty, food-filled plates inside to turn them in but that didn't stop the birds from descending on the table in search of any bits of missed rice that may have fallen onto the ground.
This place is like a Panera Bread or Dickey's BBQ, one of those chain restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to you your table.  It's a tad bit more "upscale" than a Panda Express (I said 'tad bit') but it's stil fast food.  And it is for sure an "American" Chinese hang out.

I like the concept because it keeps costs down and you can get in and get out.... However, the food.... ohh... sooooo salty.  It's like licking a salt lick....  If you want to retain water for a good 2 days, go to this place!  I'd order the Korean beef stir fry and it was so salty, I had to drink 2 glasses of ice tea to calm myself... Now, I get to wear my fat jeans for awhile!
This is my favorite Pei Wei. It is always clean and never too crowded. They also have a fantastic covered patio. I like the Mongolian beef or chicken and the Dan Dan noodles and my husband likes pretty much everything he tries here. They used to have a beef ramen bowl that was to die for but I guess it was only offered for a limited time. The food can be salty at times but I always enjoy it.
I've been to Pei Wei a couple of times over the last couple of weeks and probably about five times over the last year. I love the outdoor seating area and the orange slices you can put in your drink as well as the portion sizes. I also like that their dinners with a drink are about $10 dollars. 

I don't like the inconsistency of their food. I had Kung Pao chicken with white rice and it tasted good, especially for ten dollars. At the next visit,  the Kung Pao chicken seemed to be overcooked and just meh. This is like free throw shooting in basketball where two out of two free throws made will win the game. Sorry, one out of two doesn't get it done for me.
Horrible service!  It took them forever to answer the phone so I could place my To Go order.  When I took my food order home, it was incorrect.  So I called the restaurant only to be put on hold for 15min, with employees picking up the line on occasion to ask me to hold longer.  When I asked for the manager I was hung up on.  After another 5min. wait back on hold, I was finally able to speak to the manager.  He was nice enough to refund the price of the entree that was incorrect, however, I would still not recommend this location.  I have been to other Pei Wei locations in the Valley with much better service.
This review is for take out only.

Whenever we have large family gatherings and we're in a pinch for some quick take-out, Pei Wei is our go-to restaurant.  The food is consistently good, the portions are big, and there's something  on the menu to please everybody, even my picky nephews.  I also really like their hearty brown rice, it's yummy and it makes for a nice alternative to the same ol' boring white rice most places offer.

The take out service is better than most too.  The staff is super friendly and they always make sure we have plenty of extra sauces and fortune cookies.  Maybe it's because my family are regulars, but the staff at Pei Wei couldn't be nicer.  This last weekend we ordered food for 12+ people and they got everything right. 

Lastly, there's the value.  Considering how much food we carted away for take-out, we were surprised at how reasonable our tab was. Although we've never sat down for a meal in the restaurant, I highly recommend Pei Wei for take-out.
I have eaten their food for years now at several locations.  It usually tastes the same at all. Decent

Today, my noodles were burnt. If I were to imagine what a melted plastic fork would taste like, this would be it.

I stomached thru a few bites before doing the unthinkable.  I sent it back.  If an employee had not come by my table and asked if all was good I would have finished eating and left.

The crab rangoons were good and I really like the chai vanilla tea.   My replacement meal was of the normally expected quality.


I think today they had a bad chef.  My friend that went with me said his meal sucked too.



I will eventually eat their food again but it won't be my sugestion to go.


One possibility for the bad food could be this.  Two cops (police officers) were dining there too.  Perhaps we got their meals instead.  Many fast food places have a reputation of messing w/ cops orders.   Who has seen Super Troopers???
I have had Chinese food three times in the last two weeks.  Each time I ordered beef with broccoli, among other things.  It was prepared the best at Pei Wei.  The seasonings are just right here.

Quick, priced right and plenty of fortune cookies.  What's not to like?
Pei Wei is consistently fresh, tasty, and a good value.

This location is no different, and during the rainy storm of the century last week, it did the trick for a great lunch.

I don 't know a ton about this area, so I can't help much, other than saying it's in a strip mall, surrounded by other retail stores. If you've been in one Pei Wei, you've essentially been in them all. The one strange thing with this location, is that near the drink section, there are a row of bar style seats. They are nice looking, but when people are sitting in them, they pretty much block the pathway from the beverage section to the main seating area. Weird.

Anyway, if you are in need of a tasty, predictable lunch, this is a good spot.
There spicy ramen dish is delicious! Great food, fast service, great place to eat. Lunch is super busy around 12-12:30
Picked up lunch to go and brought it back poolside
Was great food and really quick
Mongolian beef is the best
This is a great place for a quick, healthy lunch.  I love going all veggie with the sauce on the side for a low cal alternative.  I love that it is quick and easy in and out.
Chain Schmain!  

Pei Wei is awesome. At Pei Wei I can spend less than $10 and have a great lunch, bring my dog, relax and read a book in the shaded patio AND get myself unlimited refills of fountain drinks.  BTW, when you have access to a good soda fountain, do yourself a favor and mix in a little soda water with your diet coke. You can't taste the difference and it's much healthier for you.  

According to my calculations, I have been here about 84 times now and my favorites are the Pad Thai with chicken and the sesame beef.
P.F. Chang's little sister serves up (almost) the same food, but at value prices. 


Hankering for delicious pan-Asian cuisine in an informal setting? Pei Wei is owned by the same company as P.F. Chang's China Bistro. Pei Wei provides much of the same menu, but in an informal setting with value prices. Stand in line, place and pay for your order. Get your beverage, condiments, and fortune cookies at the self-serve bar. By the time you've settled into your table, your piping hot, freshly cooked plates of happiness will be delivered to your table. 

My favorite is the Minced Chicken Lettuce Wraps, diced chicken, shiitake mushrooms, water chestnuts, and scallions, served with a side of cool lettuce leaves. Yes, it's an appetizer, but it makes an awesome meal too. Another top choice is their Asian Chopped Chicken Salad. It tastes fresh and crunchy with a tangy Asian flavor. While the lettuce wraps and the chopped salad are delicious, the added bonus is they're fairly low in calories. What a great way to enjoy a lot of mouth-watering flavors without blowing your diet plan.
This place does a great job!

Last night, I really needed some sort of recovery food, and "Asian" was on my mind.

Yes, this place is a chain, but who cares. If it's good, why not go. I'm Elite, not a pretentious moron. 

I placed my order to go from their Web site. The site is pretty easy to navigate and each item has a corresponding picture. The best part, was you could customize each dish without having to call and tell them. For example, I wanted each of my dishes, "spicy". This is the way on-line ordering should be.

Then, I drove up to the location, and noticed there was a separate entrance for Pick Up orders. FANTASTIC! 

By the time I got to the counter, my food was ready, and packed neatly so that none of the sauces would spill. When I asked for chili and soy sauces, I got TONS. Also have a bunch of chopsticks now. Great job here. A+

The food itself was fantastic. It wasn't like home-made, but then again, I wasn't looking for home-made. We split the Thai Dynamite Chicken (large chunks of chicken, delicious basil, no vegetables sadly), and the Chicken Japanese Chile Ramen (very spicy, delicious and perfect). 

Each dish is portioned for one person, so if you want "a la carte" or "family" style, tell them ahead of time so they can separate the rice or noodles for you.

I can't wait to come back and dine in. The restaurant was a cafe and "Fast Casual" style. Clean, simple menu.

Stan W. hit the nail on the head. "Chain Schmain!" A good place to eat, is a good place to eat, regardless of how many locations they have.
Excellent service and food.

Very clean.

Friendly folks.

Beautiful patio
Love this location at Gainey Ranch! Great food consistently!
Pei Wei is a good stand by for quick asian foods. I had the Dan Dan noodles with tofu last night & it was very good. I am not a huge fan of their tofu. It's a very tough/dry baked style. I prefer a softer style tofu. We have had really bad luck with this particular location for take out. Almost everytinme we do take out, they mess up something in our order. We ate in last night & everything was good. My hubby had Caramel Chicken & it was very unusual , but good.
Forget the lettuce for my to go lettuce wraps once, shame on you. Forget them twice, shame on me. The third time and Pei Wei is officially dead to me. Awful service and I was promised a credit for my jacked up un-lettuce wraps that has yet to happen. And I tried to call. Three times. And all three times some airhead hung up on me. Unacceptable. Stay away!
Hey buddy, I was pleasantly surprised with this little joint. 

It was my first time at the rodeo, and the guy behind the counter explained everything on the menu so a little pigeon head like me could totally dig it. 

I chowed down on the Thai Dymamite with steamed chicken instead of fried, cuz momma don't need any more junk in the trunk. It was pretty good, brown rice of course of course. Not nearly spicy enough for sure. The spring roll appy was mighty tasty as well, crunchy and hot in all the right places. 

The style of the place is hard to pinpoint... It's not quite a chipotle, but not a sit down. You order and pay at the counter, they give you a number and then bring your comida to you. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy.

Definitely, and I mean definitely, check out the ridiculous soda fountain. It will knock your ever living socks off.
While I like the food here, it seems like the service is just really hit and miss.  Just went a few nights ago, and after waiting 20 minutes for my food, I was informed they were out of what I ordered.  Then, they were out of forks and fortune cookies.  

That being said, when they do have my order, the food is always fresh and flavorful.  The management seems to realize when there are issues, as they have provided free appetizers and such when we were unhappy.  

Overall, a decent place, but might have to start trying other locations.
Quick, cheap and good eats.  A bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it.  Love the Pad Thai, all the diner select meals, & lettuce wraps.  Consistent in the their taste and freshness.
This was my first time at a Pei Wei and I was thoroughly impressed. I had the spicy chicken, my wife had the honey chicken, and both were excellent.

Probably the most surprising was the vegetables. There were pea pods and carrots in the meal and they were perfectly cooked. 

Last but not least, the crab wontons, don't miss them, they are exceptional. More crab than any I've ever had before.

The service here was also impressive. Since it was our first time it took us quite a while to order, and the cashier was very patient and helpful. The table attendant was also great, making sure we had everything, and very friendly. 

Don't know if all Pei Wei's will be this good, but my first experience was excellent.
This is a nice place for quickie food. Feels like a good variety for what they serve. my fave are the lettuce wraps because they're not quite so spicy. Some of the foof can be too salty, but I'll admit my tastes tend to be bland. quick service. it's a good standby
Our restaurant of choice for a take-out dinner.  Always good - and with many options
Epic fail for this Pei Wei. Came in 30 mins before closing to order food to go. Maybe the managers had left home because my bf saw two of the employees pick at the food that the cook was making. Health code violation for sure! Wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face. We didn't say anything, just took the food home. Definitely not returning to this one.
Pei Wei.  If you have been, you know it is 5 stars. It is always consistent, the Pei Wei Spicy is always good, and I have never heard a complaint. Love this restaurant.
My whole family likes it!  I'm not a fan of their pad Thai, but anything with their Teriyaki sauce is awesome.  I like getting Teriyaki tofu with vegetables over brown rice.  My husband gets the teriyaki stake with vegetables over white rice, which I thought was yummy too.  My kids like their kids meals, but I have them add veggies.  Friendly staff!
Went here for lunch on a work day. The food is good. Not fantastic just good. It's usually always busy at lunch time, so make sure to plan accordingly. 

In my opinion, the staff at this location were a little on the lackluster (borderline rude) side, but honestly, what can you expect from a "fast food" Asian diner. 

I ordered the crab wontons and the Thai-style lettuce wraps. The crab wontons were pretty good, but came on a plate that was drenched in sweet and sour sauce. They didn't have much crab taste to them (or much flavor at all), and were primarily cream cheese. The Thai lettuce wraps, in my opinion, are pretty sub-par to the original style, but they were still pretty decent. 

When I was there, there were two employees walking around clearing dishes and bussing tables who managed to get in a little bit of a heated argument while walking around, which wasn't the greatest show to eat to. But all in all, wasn't a deal breaker. 

I have more free lettuce wrap coupons, so of course I'll be back. It's a quick bite for Asian food. But if you're looking for a super quality Chinese/Asian place at really good prices, I would recommend Joyful Chinese (Mtn. View and Hayden) or Da Vang Vietnamese (19th Ave and Central)
You will not be disappointd. Deliscious entreys! Great place fo take out or eat in. Heat up leftovers the next day. Yummy
If you ask me? I thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly. The caramel chicken was ok but the brown rice did not taste done to me..overall it's a nice comfortable setting.
I went here on a week night and ordered takeout.  I had not been before and asked what would be good that had chicken but not spicy and not too sweet and they recommended the Teriyaki Bowl.  It was excellent!

As I was waiting for my order everyone that worked there was super friendly and conscientious.  All the employees were super nice.  The tall gentleman with brown hair who seemed to be in charge was beyond accommodating and friendly as well.

A+ for experience and A+ for food.
I work right next to this place and I've been here a bunch of times so let me tell you what the deal is.

A lot of people complain about this place because they say "Ooh the cashier was unfriendly" or "Oh the food wasn't like an asian master would prepare" well no kidding you big drungus, it's because you're at Pei Wei and it's like a fast food place if you wanted authentic asian experiences you screwed up already.

Pei Wei is where you go if you want a bowl of noodles or rice and you want some stuff on top with a sauce.  Just order it and move down the line and if there's a table then sit at a table or maybe take it back to you office.  It's just food.  This location is pretty average in terms of speed and politeness, and the food seems to be cooked appropriately so what else do you want?

Here's my PRO TIP: When you go to the place where the drinks are right after you order, get a fortune cookie, but slip it into your pocket, then at the end of the meal, go back and say outloud "Oh man I am going to get a fortune cookie" so they don't think you're taking two and then swipe a second one and eat it there.  They've got the most delicious fortune cookies and even though the messages are usually something stupid about sports like "Oh you're gonna have a good sportsball game tomorrow" you can still enjoy the cookie, and you've already swiped a second one to enjoy later so you're the real winner - sportsball or not.
The dishes are unusually large and are very good.  My wife and I were expecting a stereotypically fast food type of lunch, but were delighted to have quickly served, fresh-cooked, delicious food.  Highly recommend this place.
I wrote this restaurant off 2 years ago. The menu was boring and frankly the food was not good anymore. 

Last night my husband suggested we try it agin. I was reluctant but agreed. Boy am I glad we did. I ordered the pork egg roll and chicken teriyaki with brown rice. The egg roll was so good, the best I have had in years. The egg roll is large and served with a mustard sauce which is a great compliment to this egg roll...YUM!! The chicken was moist with the right amount of sauce and perfectly cooked veggies. The prices are very reasonable and the service was fast. 

Ok, I am back on board now. If you want to order take out, give yourself sufficient time as the takeout is very busy.
I love pei wei. I eat at one of the locations around the valley at least once a week. They have the best Orange Chicken ever. The Crab Puffs are great and if you like something spicy then get the Blazzin Noodles or the Thi Dynamite. The Lo Mein Bowl is delicious as well. I would rather go here than many other asian restaurants in town really.  All dishes can be prepaired with chicken, beef, or shrimp then choose white rice, brown , or you can get fried rice. I have been here many times and never had a bad meal. The prices are great and the amount of food you get is good. They have a few apps including lettuce wraps, edamame, crab puffs, dumplings and other great things.  They also serve bottled beer.
I've been a diehard Pei Wei addict for about 5 years now. I pretty much get the same thing every time - 2 Spring Rolls and a Pad Thai with Chicken. And despite other reviews, the pricing is TOTALLY reasonable as a Pad Thai with chicken can easily feed two people. 

And speaking of the Pad Thai.. this is hands down the best one I think I've ever had. And I've tried quite a few all over the Valley. This location is great although my favorite (and less busy) is the one located a few miles north of this one in The Summit shopping plaza.

In fact, I think I'll be getting it for lunch today!
Pei Wei is semi-fast food, it's not gourmet but it doesn't pretend to be. Its like PF Chang's slightly goofy little brother- its got the same basic ideas and ingredients, but its not as refined. But it doesnt want to be.

That said, I like it when I want something fast to pick up after work that I know will be a good decent meal for the money. Last night I got Blazing noodles with chicken (JD's fav) and some chicken fried rice. For 14 bucks and change we had enough food for an 80's movie food fight even after we were finished eating. Were our taste buds blown away by amazing flavor and pizzaz? Heck no, but we were happily satisfied,  carb loaded and ready to drift off to dreamland with a slight odor of soy sauce in the air.
Kung pao chicken is my favorite, got the crab wantons and they were very good. I ordered a head of time and the order was ready for pickup when I arrived. I have been to this location 2 times now and the chain more many times.
When we moved from Roseville, CA to Phoenix I was very happy to find out that the Pei Wei's here were still open.  Unfortunately all the Pei Wei's in California shut down over a year ago and I lost out on quick good Chinese food that is very similar to PF Chang's (same owner).  The only issue out here in Phoenix is that they have dulled down the food for some reason.  My favorite dish is the Mandarin Kung Pao Chicken, but I have to remember to ask for it to be spicy, which is crazy.  You should have to ask for it to be less spicy, it's Kung Pao for crying out loud.  Anyhow, I've also noticed this at PF Chang's where I have to ask for the spicy dishes there to have the heat increased.  Also the Crab Wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce.  My only problem is that the two locations closest to me are not that close and are about equidistant from where I live so I can't stop and pick some up on the way home like I did in Roseville.  Still glad they are here though.
Great food, service was quick, great place for a quick lunch.
As most of us know Pei Wei is a subsidiary of P.F changs. Both are excellent eats; but for the money; I am taking  Pei Wei. The average meal is around 9 dollars; with good size portions. I have gone to many Pei Wei's but for some reason the service here just seems to be a step above the others. I definitely recommend the crab won tons; and te lettuce wraps are truly delicious. Best part is if you want it with more mushrooms or extra spicy; they will accommodate! You can see how I like my Mongolian beef! lol
God I love Pei Wei.

It's not the greatest and its certainly not the most authentic Asian food...but it is just so good.  I can't think of a time where I have ever turned down going to Pei Wei, whether it be for dining in or taking out.  It was one of the things I missed the most when I went to college out in CA, my visit's back to Scottsdale always had to include a trip to Pei Wei.

It's relatively cheap, quick, easy...and always tasty (& consistent).  They seem to add new things to their menu pretty often, and most everything they have is good.  I've probably tried nearly everything on the menu at some point over the years, but my fav's are probably Mandarin Kung Pao, Mongolian, or Honey Seared.  Oh and I ALWAYS have to get a side of Mongolian sauce for my rice...yum.

I'm getting a Pei Wei craving just thinkin' about it.  Sigh, I wish they were open late, like they most likely would be if this were a "real" city.
I don't know how the folks at Pei Wei prepare their tofu, but it's just the right texture--sort of seared on the outside and tender on the inside. The sauce is a bit much, but the vegetables are well-prepared, as is the rice. The orange tea is delicious, as well. For this vegan, it's a good, quick meal.
Terrible.  My wife and I went there early afternoon on Thursday.

First, the counter attendant commits the ultimate faux pas:

"Are you together?"

Well duh, it's 2010.  Two wedding bands, my wife has lineage from Germany and Sweden and me, somewhere in N. Africa, but at least greet me before telling me that my wife of 10 years and I don't look like a couple.

Next, the food was miserable.

I had an "Orange Peel Beef" and the dish felt like someone breaded beef jerky, fried it hard and poured a bottle of mystery sauce over it.  All of the chili sauce at Pei Wei's couldn't save the dish.   Any vegetables in the dish had the consistency of something unpacked out of the freezer and dumped right in the deep fat fryer.  

Again, I ask myself, why in the world can't we get at least basically edible Chinese in Arizona?

My wife, or colleague as the front counter attendant assumed, ordered some chicken dish.

Again, over-breaded, had the taste and consistency of an order of McDonalds McNuggets drenched in a tub of sweet 'n sour sauce and poured over white rice.

This was literally the first time we went back to our home and dug out leftovers after spending almost $30 on lunch.  

Literally, my best experience about our meal at Pei Wei was the drive home.  Three of three strikes, shame on us for giving it another shot.

Pei Wei was awesome about three years ago, but now it's to the level of Paradise Valley Mall food court and that sucks.  This place needs an enormous amount of customer service training and at least a weekend "food stand-down" and retraining of the chef's.

I was HEAVILY disappointed.  Again.
Amazing Asian Chicken salad!
We get PeiWei at work a lot and they are awesome. 
I love their Viet. wraps & veggie pad thai!
They always have the take- out order fast and food is great!
Pei Wei is one of our favorite lunchtime spots. My coworkers and I were forlorn when this location was closed for about a week for renovations, but alas, we were delighted when it reopened last week. It was a bit of a puzzle trying to figure out exactly what had changed within the restaurant because nearly everything looked pretty much the same. Maybe it got a little brighter inside?? The good news is that the menu is still the same, and the service is still great. 

What I like a lot about this location is that the servers will help you hold a table if they see that you're waiting in line as a group. I only wish that I could get this kind of service at other quick service restaurants! Heck, I can't even remember how many times I've been left hanging with my tray in my hands and nowhere to sit at In-n-Out Burger. My coworkers and I have never had any problems waiting or getting a table together at Pei Wei even when it's super busy, which is much appreciated. 

The food is typical Asian fare, but with a deluxe restaurant twist--after all, the place is owned by P. F. Changs. I prefer coming to Pei Wei over going to Panda Express or other quick service Asian restaurants because I can easily customize my order. Each meal (that I know of) is individually prepared, so you can ask to hold certain ingredients from your chosen dishes. The Mandarin Kung Pao chicken is my favorite, and even though I hold the onion and garlic, it's still super flavorful. The portions are pretty big, so when I practice some self control, I'm able to turn my meal into lunch and dinner at home. 

Overall, Pei Wei's awesome for great service and customizable food options, so I recommend it as a relatively yummy and painless lunch break from work.
Kung Pao Chicken. I used to enjoy the Kung Pao Scallops. Not sure why they removed it from the menu. It is so large I have lunch for the next day. Love being able to order online and customize my families orders.
yummy food we ordered as we rolled back into town from SD. It was hot, delicious and just as we expected. Got the lettuce wraps, the crab won tons, spicy Mandarin Kong pow, chicken pad tai and honey chicken for the kiddo's...
Great menu offering at a good value. Nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal. When the complex is busy, parking at times could present a challenge.
Nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner. Always fast service and a clean dining room. Their Chai Iced Tea is really good, and they have a fancy coca cola machine you can experiment with to create a unique drink.

My favorite entrees are Thai Dynamite with crispy chicken and Caramel chicken. You can choose white, brown, or fried rice. You can also add a side of rice for only 50 cents.

I love the diner select menu. It offers a few of the entrees in a smaller portion size and comes with an egg roll or wonton soup. At $6.25, it's a great deal and you don't feel stuffed afterwards.
Terrible food, terrible service.

I ordered chicken fried rice. The waiter brings me a bowl and says, "chicken fried rice, right?" I look into the bowl and it's a bowl of brown rice. This must be a joke. I tell him that's wrong, and next me brings me a bowl of rice, seemingly fried?, with vegetables and no chicken. I bring that back to the counter and say my order had chicken in it, bringing my receipt along. So finally, they bring me a bowl of chicken fried rice.

Or at least their version of it.

I didn't think it was possible to actually screw up something as simple as chicken fried rice. The rice itself was cheap long grain rice. It was inedible due to the how stale/hard it was. Like absolutely no water absorption. And the rice was all covered in something that made it very wet and practically slimy. Disgusting. I have no idea how people can eat this.

Oh, and that server who brought me the brown rice and claimed it was fried rice tried to bring lettuce wraps to the table next to me saying it was their salad. There's a nice picture on the wall which shows you what the salad is supposed to look like, and it's not lettuce wraps.

The best thing about my meal was the fountain drink, which cost $1.85. The Circle K in the same plaza has bigger cups for 99 cents.
This Pei Wei is a mixed bag.  Really nice looking place - especially for a fast food restaurant.  Diverse menu, but surprisingly not very healthy being heavy on the fried and light on the veggies.  Prices not bad, especially in NoSco.  Servers are treated like idiots.  My girl had to stand around for 5 minutes doing nothing while she waited for the one person they entrusted with The Card That Can Issue Refunds to give me my refund when the girl with The Card overcharged me - needless to say, I was standing around, too.  Lots of food on the plate so I definitely left full.  A-OK
We ordered the shrimp lo mein and beef and vegetable dish. The lo mein has horrible, bland, no flavor even with extra sauce. The vegetables with the beef were raw. I never had such bad food at any other pei wei before
Why, oh why, do I aways give a Pei Wei another try?  Probably because the prices aren't bad, the menu looks like it should be excellent, and the quality of the food isn't that bad considering the restaurant is quick service.  But, having said that, I never leave a Pei Wei fully satisfied, and this location is no exception.

My girlfriend and I both ordered off the "Low Fare Dinner Menu."  To make a long story short; you can save a few dollars by getting less of the protein, more rice than I can eat, and a small side.  I had Honey Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  My girlfriend had Mongolian Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  It should be hard to complain for just $6.25 each, but the food wasn't very good.  The Honey Chicken (which was quite flavorful) only came with five or six bite sized pieces of chicken, and the Mongolian Chicken was so over sauced that the rest of plate had no other taste.  The spring roll wasn't anything that couldn't be microwaved from out of our freezer, and I got bored of the rice.

The only saving grace to this meal was spending less than $20.00 on dinner for two.
I'm a fan for sure.  I love tofu and I've been searching for a place that serves it the way I like it - thin, crisp and loaded with flavor...Pei Wei has it all covered!  Throw in brown rice with a firm texture, sriracha on the table and two unique and delicious iced teas and I'm in heaven!!!

I've had lunch there a few times and had take out twice.  You have a tofu option at just about every turn which is a real bonus.  I've been stuck on the Thai Dynamite the last three times but I have also loved the Kung Pao and Sesame tofu as well.

Service at lunch has been extremely fast but it's a small place so you're not guaranteed a place to sit.  I wish they put more veggies in the dish but I'll get over it if they keep cooking the tofu to perfection.

Prices are fair for the big plate of food you get...$10 something for Thai Dynamite, brown rice and a large drink - fair enough in my book considering I could have had a second lunch from the leftovers.
Love this place.  The menu is varied and they will customize any dish for you.  They have great vegetarian options.  I love their  tofu and veggies.  I usually order the sauce on the side.  My favorite dish is tofu and veggies over fried rice.  The portions are large.  If you check the nutritional stats on their website most of the dishes are 2 servings, which is nice to know if you are counting calories, but not so nice when you know that you've chowed down the whole dish because it's so delish.  They also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu.
It was our first experience at this chain and will be our last.  We only went there in the first place because we were real hungry and had limited choices in this shopping center.  Nothing came close to tasting anything like Chinese food. It's just gross.  We can't figure out why so many of these places exist and why anyone would want to eat at one.
It's PF Changs cheaper cousin and I actually like it much better.

I've never been a fan of Changs.  Even after running the R&R marathon and getting various coupons and deals, which had us eating there several times, I never bonded at all.

Not so at Pei Wei.  

I like their food, it's hot and fresh, there is a nice selection to choose from, and the value is there.
I went to this Pei Wei location for the first time on Thursday and had a great experience. Cheap prices as usual, great service and it wasn't bust at all which meant my food came out very fast! My food was brought over to my table and (I was with my friend) got up to go get silverware and the girl who brought our food over to us said she'd get forks and chop sticks for us which I thought was very nice. Definitely coming back to this Pei Wei for a fast awesome tasting lunch!
Never been a fan of PF Changes, what I always thought was the equivalent of over priced Chinese microwave dinners. Well they did it right with Pei Wei. Lots of fresh food for great prices. And we had excellent fast service when we went. I recommend the Thai chicken lettuce wraps. Amazing!
This place is consistent. 
Nothing earth shattering about their menu. 

I tend to order the honey chicken every single time. 

They like to give me white rice, even though I always ask for brown. 
They are always busy around lunch, and they don't seem to have enough bussers to keep up with the turn over. 

The fortune cookies are always stale. 

I do like that they have oranges available for the iced tea.
My family and I have been eating at Pei Wei for years. The menu is not traditional Chinese; they have their own unique dishes and preparation, which seems to bother some other reviewers, but we enjoy the food for what it is. 

We generally stick with the original menu items from years back, like the Mongolian beef and Spicy shrimp. We have not tried the new smaller dinners and wraps. Over the past year or so, the portion sizes have gotten noticeably smaller, but the quality of the food has remained consistently good. The only exception is the Kung Pao beef. This used to be prepared with a fairly heavy coating of potato starch, giving the beef a stiff consistency I really liked. Lately, however it is mostly just flaccid meat with lots of sauce. I wish they would bring the old recipe back. 

We occasionally order take out online. The web site is easy to use, and they never mess up an order. The food is always ready on time.
 
The restaurant is clean and family friendly, and the staff is efficient and courteous. It continues to be a family favorite.  (Please fix the Kung Pao beef...)
Pei Wei is a descent option when you are looking for food that is pretty quick.  It also tastes good, so that helps too!

I like the sweet and sour chicken -  Cantonese sweet and sour sauce, red ginger, onions, green bell peppers, and pineapple.

Tasty ginger at this location.
This is the best Pei Wei in the area. Food taste great 95% of the time! They do need to improve on keeping the dining room clean and sanitized.
Manager offered me a free Veg Fried Rice while waiting for the food to come at my table. Best place.
Green is under new management and has aquired a totally new design since it was known as "Veggie Fun".  Gone is the kitchy decor - it's new, hip facelift makes it a place that you aren't afraid to bring family or friends.  A rotation of artists are now featured with their art on the walls, so there is always something new to see.

The food is generally good, but some items are a hit-or-miss.  I highly recommend the Mongolian Beef and a vegan soft-serve cone for dessert.
I was really impressed with this place. It reminded me a lot of Plaid in Tempe, but without the too-hip-for-you attitude from cashier/servers and dingy, cut-corner atmosphere.

the food was delish- i had vegan crab puffs (WOW, these were good!) and a tofu noodle bowl. the tofu was cooked perfectly, but i agree with Blythe down there that it's not "healthy" vegan- it's a lot of fried, greasy stuff. also, good call on that's a wrap in phoenix - deeelish!
I get asked "Have you been to Green yet?" almost as often as I get asked "Have you done a summer here yet?" Thankfully, I can now say yes to the first question. And I think Green may be an answer to my survival of the summer here in AZ.

My friend and I wanted to get a bike ride on a beautiful night but didn't want to just get a beer and we kind of wanted to go around the Tempe lake, ruling out southern Tempe options. Green. Green is open on Mondays! (BUT NOT SUNDAYS) And til 9! Its 7:15-lets get our asses movin'!

Smack inbetween major traffic lights (thus hard to cross), we found a full parking lot and an empty bike rack...sweeeet. Just about every table was full with a pretty diverse crowd-mostly hip, but everyone was real casual and didn't have their Scottsdale poker face on. I was confused when we first walked in-do we get seated? I stared and smiled at one woman who I thought was a waitress-but then she sat down. Whoops. A tad awkward, no? Went to the counter and greeted with beautiful lil menus-they have a LOT of stuff. AND I CAN EAT ALL OF IT.

I am a lactose-intolerant vegetarian. But not vegan. But a vegan diet is the healthiest one for me, obvi. My mind was blown away. Even at vegetarian places I still have half the menu eliminated due to dairy. Only at the Angelika Kitchen in NYC Village am I this over-whelmed. And while Green may not be as healthy-who really cares when its THIS GOOD? I was so overwhelmed I just went for the Argentian sandwich-fake beef strips with hot sauce and fake cheese added WITH a choice of sides for 6.50? That is VALUE. I opted for the fountain soda (their unsweetened iced tea is a good deal), but I saw they have Virgils' Root Beer, the best root beer on earth after Stewarts-and will totally get that next time. 

We sat down in the somewhat dimly lit room-it is kind of industrial feeling, but not hippy at all-but not overly chic at all. Reminds me of a cross b/w Orange Table and Lux in terms of ambiance with the casualness and hottie factor of Pita Jungle. There were multi-coloured car doors lined up on the far wall of the restaurant and the noise level was cordial. We got our Crab Cream Puffs first-ooooooommmmyyyygoooood. For like 3 something, I was in a very special place. I didnt even know you could do that with tofutti cream cheese! Amazing with a sweet tangy sauce. Our food came pretty quickly and I got to have my thyme fries with a side of Vegannaise. My sandwich was HUGE and for no other ways to describe it as BANGIN. I miss Philly Cheese Steaks-and this is my happy replacement! 

The owner ended up talking to us and I asked about the soy ice cream-they were out of cones which made me inexplicibly sad. He said they do Soy-namis, which are their version of Dairy Queen's Blizzards where they made a thick shake with goodies added in. I walked back up to the counter and had trouble figuring out what I could possibly add to my stomach so I didn't keel over in a food coma off my bike on the way home. I went for the super sweet and did like a sundae in a cup with newmans chocolate oreo things and chocolate sauce with cherries. It was amazing. It was like 3.50 and it was too much for us 2 to share...but that doesn't mean we didn't finish it.

I can't believe it took me this long to come here-the atmosphere, options and the cheapness of the food shocked me. I mean, people had told me it was good, I just didn't expect it to be THIS good.  My friend even admitted she went back the next night b/c she couldnt stop thinking about my sandwich!

So yes, those Soy-Namis may be how I will "do a summer in AZ' '07!
Can't say enough about this wonderful vegan restaurant!!! I have taken several initially wary non-veg folks to Green and they loved everything they ordered. I have tried most items on the menu and especially recommend the Spicy Buffalo "Wings", Spicy Peanut Chicken Salad, Crab Puffs (I don't think they taste like crab puffs but they're so delish), Thee Argentine Po-Boy, Original "G" Spicy Po-Boy, Texas Moo-shroom Po-Boy, and the soft serve ice cream in a waffle cone, in a tsoynami or naked. The staff is wonderful, the place is nice and tidy and the recent expansion makes it feel much more open and airy.  Now all they need to do is stay open later and offer breakfast! Wonderful for everyone - vegan, veg, and non-veg alike!
Green is pretty tasty with high marks for the strawberry soy shake. I do agree with the poster below that some items are hit/miss. My "Artichoke dip" was way WAY too spicy (I could not eat it). My 'eggless eggrolss" were tasty but ..fluffy. They came with a sauce that i enjoyed. 
This is one of the essential places for Veg food in the Phoenix area.
We were visiting Phoenix and found Green by searching for vegetarian places on Yelp.  The reviews were excellent, and for good reason.  The food was fantastic, the art & decor was very cool, and the prices were great.  I highly recommend this place to anyone (vegetarian or carnivore).

As stated in other reviews, the staff is friendly.  When we arrived for dinner, they already closed the kitchen (since it was after 9 PM).  Not only did they let us stay, but they made us a large amount of food.

We started with the spicy peanut tofu and the samosas, both had excellent flavor.  For dinner we had the drunken mushroom chicken and the singapore tofu.  The food was delicious.  However, if I had to suggest one change for the entrees, I would have liked it if they used less salt.  Another thing that impressed me was their organic green tea was brewed perfectly (some restaurants mess up their green tea by steeping too long or too hot ... but not them, it was just right).

The decor was very cool and I like the amount of art they had around the place.  One of my favorite features were the tabletops and the design that they had inked on the tops of most of the wooden tables.  Very cool!  If they ever decide to sell tables like that, I would certainly get in line :-)
Green is the sort of place I wish existed in Berkeley, CA. It doesn't make sense that Tempe has it so good. It doesn't make sense that there isn't a place filled with vegan comfort food in CA. But enough of my boo-hooing.

We stopped by for lunch and when we were done, I wished I was wearing my pants with the elastic waistband. The fries have that bumpy, crispy coating. (Bumpy + crispy = delicious.) The various sandwiches that I ingested were flavorful and filling (as 2 sandwiches often are).  The mock chicken parmesan was all I could have asked for: crispy and saucy, not too tough, and delightfully messy to eat. The Soynami was over the top heavenly: chocolate and peanut butter having a meeting in a cup and I was the chairman of the board.

It makes visiting Arizona fun! Well, it already is fun*, but you get my point.

______________________
*really hot
I decided to try this place out based on good reviews. I was not disappointed.  I have been there twice and would definitely go back.  Green is located on Scottsdale Road and tucked away in a small strip mall.  It's not fancy but the food is terrific.  I had a spicy salad, and my daughter had a parmesan sandwich.  Both were excellent.  I love the green tea.  I will of course return for my third and hopefully more visits. Wish they had a place in Chandler or other locations.  It's the best!
I love this place and I'm not even Vegan. Though, after eating at GREEN, I'm seriously considering Vegetarianism.

Problem is: I'm a creature of habit. When I find a meal I like, I just reorder it over and over. (note to self: change that!)

My meal of choice at Green is the Mongolian Noodle Bowl w/the mock chicken, which is to die for. The veggies are fresh & flavorful and the mock chicken is absolutely delicious. 

Equally as satisfying is the Soynami, frozen vegan ice "cream" delight and the Peanut butter thingy.

I do wish they had more drink choices. 

The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because I'd like to see them use whole wheat noodles and Organic. But really, that's minor. Cause like the other review mentions, their other restaurant "That's a Wrap" in Phoenix has healthier fare.

For the conscientious greenie, GREEN lives up to their name in more ways than one! The floors are concrete, the tables are made from sustainable materials (is that sorghum?) and they are definitely saving energy with what appears to be a swamp cooler. Not overly cooling on a hot Arizona afternoon but energy efficient.

Green is hands down my favorite Arizona restaurant and I've been here for 8 years. Arizona definitely needs more of these type restaurants.

The downside? They're about 40 or more miles away from my home. But with the food quality, relaxed atmosphere and Green interior, it's worth the trek for me.
Vegetarian/vegan awesomeness.  Their flatbread pizzas are delicious, as are their noodle bowls.  I think i've sampled most things on their menu and they still keep me coming back for more.  Even meat-eating friends enjoy Green!
i'm all about the argentine po'boy and the the mock buffalo chicken.  i've sampled some other stuff on the menu, and so far, those are definitely my favorites.  the fries rock, too.

to me, this place is indulgence food.  i doubt it's all that healthy, though i haven't really looked for nutritional info on the menu.  it's an occasional greasy pit stop, and i'm glad green's there for that.

not a big fan of the tsoynami's, but they're worth a shot to see if you like them.

the entire menu is priced great, the atmosphere's laid back, the staff is friendly and efficient, and it seems fairly clean.  these guys have a corner on the market for what they're doing and it shows -- every time i've gone in, it has been pretty busy with a steady stream of customers coming and going.

green's the new black...i suspect it's going to get more and more popular.  i'm hoping for a tempe location some time soon.
I found this place via Google while in town for business. It's tucked away in a non-descript strip mall next to a Salvation Army.

I've had dinner and lunch here, both times were good. For dinner, I had the special turkey sandwich with fries (fries weren't pipping hot when they were served, but still good); for the lunch visit, I had the original "g" spicy po-boy and chose the curry pasta salad as a side - tasty!

Service was friendly and efficient.
_______________

Update: 
12/10/07 - What's the first thing I do when I arrive in Phoenix? Punch in 2240 N. Scottsdale Road in my GPS and head to Green! This time around I had Thee Argentine Po-Boy with fried - Mock steak fried with onions and peppers, vegan mayo and a spicy sauce. I couldn't get enough! Very delicious

12/11/07 - After having a veggie burger and fries for lunch at a Hard Rock Cafe, I thought I'd balance it out by having something healthy for dinner - I ordered the Diablo Rice bowl with chicken and brown rice. The description looked good: veggies in a spicy sauce - but it was a little too salty for my taste and didn't finish it. Oh well, can't win them all.

12/12/07 - I was working close by, so decided to run in for lunch. I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich with a side of tahini coleslaw. It was a little bit messy to eat by hand, with the tomato sauce and soy mozzarella oozing everywhere - still good nonetheless. The coleslaw was a nice compliment to the sandwich.

12/14/07 - I'll miss you Green!
I discovered this place through a lacto-ovo vegetarian friend. He wouldn't stop talking about it. It was annoying. To shut him up, I took him there and tentatively ordered the spicy buffalo wings. Uh, freaking amazing. The garlicky hot wing sauce is insanely good and the texture of the tofu/mushroom mixture is so eerily chicken your mind will do a double-take. Now I've gone back and ordered almost everything on the menu. Mock crab puffs (delicious). Spicy peanut mock chicken salad. Coconut curry. Mongolian with mock beef. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the tsoynami I ordered...the texture of the chocolate peanut butter smoothie was funky, it wasn't sweet enough for me and they forgot I ordered it and had to ask twice. Otherwise, all is excellent. Interesting crowd: some nights the local tai chi chapter visits, but you will always find a nice mix of people who probably never wear leather shoes. Gotta respect that. Go somewhere else if you want wine with your mock chicken parmesan, they don't serve alcohol here. But, then again, try to find mock chicken parmesan anywhere else...
Vegan = Tasty.  No macro platters here, though if they did have one, i bet it'd be covered in some mouth-watering sauce.  This vegan restaurant is for people who like animal products as much it is for people who don't.  Almost everything on the menu comes with at least an option of mock meat of one kind or another.  And mock meat is tasty, though probably not necessarily healthy.  The original "g" spicy po-boy reminded me almost exactly of Switch's Buffalo Bleu Chicken sandwich (my favorite).  It was hardly noticeable that Green's version had no bleu cheese, mock chicken patties and veganaise.  The texas "moo-shroom" po-boy was excellent as well with a sweet BBQ sauce and heaps of mushrooms, red peppers and onions.  I do not like the tahini coleslaw - too much peanut sauce.  We were so impressed with our lunch that we ordered a couple of cookies for dessert and that was when we remembered the reason we could never be entirely vegan....no butter in the cookies!  At least they use real chocolate instead of carob.

I also enjoy all of the green building products on the walls, but not the styrofoam cups, so much.
Delicious.

Best fries probably ever. 

and desert is a must. imagine a mix of vegan icecream with cocopuffs but magically the coco puffs do not become soggy..

Don't get the pizza. yu-ck.
I was just here a few weeks ago.  The place is decorated very urban/retro.  I love the car doors lining the south wall!  
Service was super-friendly.  I would have given 5 stars except for one thing: THEY HAD NO VEGGIES THE DAY I WAS THERE!.  That's right!  I even said to our waitperson :How can a vegan restaurant have no vegetables??????   I got peanut noodles and it was still ver good, despite the lack of veggies.
I will go back, though, fo sho'!
The best in the metropolitan area. 
The best selection and by far the best atmosphere.
Try the meatless buffalo wings with the dairy-free ranch-style dill dipping sauce. 
Waay too good.
Also live music every Wednesday.
Maybe the four stars is too generous after just one visit, but there's something about this place that's very comforting. Maybe it's the community seating, or the simple white bowls your veggies come in, or maybe it's the simple fact that you're eating your veggies and enjoying them too. I tried a yummy coconut curry with crispy tofu and appreciated that it was just the right portion for the price. I'm gonna try a vegan tsoynami with vegan tsoft tserve "ice cream" (spelling is correct) next time I go.
I had not figured the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe area to have much in the way of veggie food, being a vegetarian from Austin, where EVERY restaurant has veg options, but then I discovered Green!!!

The service is awesome;everyone is knowledgeable on the menu offerings and makes wonderful suggestions. I have been to Green well over 10 times, but my favorites are still the "crab puffs" and the "original g po-boy"

I have found that even my non-veggie friends have loved all of the mock meat selections and found the taste and texture to be spot on!!
My fiance and his brother are both veggie boys. The brother being a vegan. So naturally, they love this place. Me, however, being the hungry carnivore that I am, can't get so much into the food. I've had a couple of their tofu-meat-imitation dishes (burger, chicken wings) and I just couldn't do it. If I'm going to eat something that looks like meat, it's going to be meat! Same with cheese, the vegan cheese here is a little funky. But hey,  that's just me. Like I said, the boy and his brother love it. 

The decor is cute and inviting. The staff is laid back and they're all really nice. The one thing I come here for though, (besides tagging along with the boys) are the vegan tsoynamis. SO GOOD. I recommend every flavor. Now, I CAN get into soy ice cream. These things are what make Green worth it to me. Yum yum yum.
It's a chore to find cheap veg-friendly options in the northern Tempe area and Green is usually a good choice. The staff is hit or miss..I've had experiences with some real snobs at the counter as well as some real sweeties. 

As for the food...for starters, I've had the spring rolls which are greasy but ok, the crab puffs which are ADDICTIVE, the fake hot wings which are so similar to the real thing its a little scary. The hummus is intense, but good; however I wish the accompanying pita weren't fried. Green likes to fry. 

The bowls are alright (would not recommend for takeout because they'll taste like the cardboard box) because the veggies are cooked well and the sauce flavor is good, I like the Mongolian, but I've had better tofu. The Singapore on the back of the menu is delicious. 

The BEST thing on the menu is the Green Burger although I don't care much for the fries. The curry pasta salad is a good side option. mmmm the BEST Tsoynami is the Clunky Monkey- bananas, walnuts, chocolate :] If only I could get a Green burger fix past 9 pm!
Living in the Santa Cruz area, it's easy to  become accustomed to finding a variety of delicious vegetarian food. I traveled to the Phoenix area this spring for vacation and finding Green was like finding an oasis in the Arizona desert. My dining experience here was the best I had on the trip and I know if I lived in the area I'd be eating here at least once a week. 

One of the things that impressed me so much was that Green makes all of their vegan mock meat and cheese goodies from scratch. The No-Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich stole the show, and was not made with your standard morningstar chik patty but rather a seitan-based lightly breaded from scratch recipe. The fake mozzarella cheese (which seemed more like ricotta) was creamy and delicious. 

The vegan chili on the fries was tangy with just a little spice, and my boyfriend's Argenitine po-boy was a good take on fake steak.  The sides of tahini coleslaw and curry pasta salad were quite tasty as well. I only wish I'd had room to enjoy an oatmeal pie or a "Tsoynami" for dessert. 

The service at Green was very friendly and it has a nice but casual artsy decor. I can't wait until my next trip to Phoenix!
I was very impressed by this place! I am not a Vegetarian and I always get a little wary about places that are solely vegetarian, but I had looked at the Yelp reviews on this place, and it was within walking distance of my hotel, so I decided to give it a try.

I was definitely not disappointed. The place is very welcoming in an ethereal sort of way. It is a mostly college crowd predictably but there were other in the restaurant as well. I spoke with the young lady (her name escapes me now) at the counter who was very friendly and knowledgeable. I told her truthfully that I was not a vegetarian and did she have any suggestions. At her direction, I tried the crab puffs and the Thai peanut bowl with mock chicken. I walked it back to my hotel.

All I can say is.....WOW! The mock chicken tasted like..... well,..... CHICKEN! Great chicken actually. I don't really go for straight tofu and the vegetarian god who prepared this must have known it. I did not miss the chicken. The Thai peanut bowl was quite spicy and delicious. The crab puffs were very good, a little greasy, and not as good as the real thing, but well worth it, and if I am here again I will probably have them again. Way to go! If many vegetarian restaurants are this good, then Jeff might have to rethink his avoidance of these places.
I just moved to chicago and wish on just about every star I see that Green will relocate here with me.  

This place is amazing.  I've eaten at SO many vegetarian/vegan places all around the world and this is by far one of the BEST.
The prices and service are awesome as well.  

Food recommendations are:  classic pizza with just about any topping, pesto pizza is good but too rich for my tastes.  The wings, crab puffs, and chili fries are out of this world good.  Original G spicy po-boy [think buffalo chicken sandwich] and the argentine [think philly cheesesteak] are pretty much unmatched.  Order off menu the BBQ chicken sandwich!  Its AMAZING.  
Jerk tofu salad ooooh how I miss you.
And they make their own organic vegan soft serve?  AND they make them into tsoynamis [think DQ blizzard]?!  Yeah.  This place owns.

Basically, if you are lucky enough to be vegetarian in phx [hah] at least you have one great thing on every other vegetarian in more veg friendly cities.  
Even my non-veg family and friends want to eat here over just about anywhere else in the valley as well.  Take that applebeees!
FOOD: I am not a vegetarian or vegan, so maybe I do not have the mindset to appreciate this place. Establishing a vegetarian restaurant is a good idea, there are plenty of vegetarians. But why is everything on their menu a mock of regular, meaty foods? Damn it, if I'm going out to eat vegan, I want dishes with REAL veggie dishes proud of being vegan, not this mock meat/cheese crap. It's like the restaurant is saying, "We are vegen and we know it sucks, so we're gonna try to re-create all your favorite meat dishes!" No thanks, I know there are good vegetarian dishes out there and if I want a pizza, I'll get a real pizza with real cheese! I guess this place is marketing solely to vegetarians and not regular omnivores. The pizza was horrible, and the ice cream was not the best I've had. Not good vegetarian food!

PRICE: Way too expensive for what you get. I don't remember the exact prices, but I remember questioning myself, "Why did I pay that much for this? It has no high-priced meat in it!" 

ATMOSPHERE: Laid back place perfect for a college crowd. Easily sits large groups. 

SKINNY: If you want vegetarian food, my suggestion is to get Muslim or Indian veggie dishes. They are actually tasty. GREEN offers some self-ashamed vegan cuisine that only reminds you h ow much you enjoy meat and cheese.
Everything I've tried I've loved. My favorite is the buffalo wings. Their edamame is cooked perfectly, and I love the creamy artichoke gratine appetizer. My pastor (an omnivore) loves the buffalo chicken sandwich.  Since they switched to tamari, most of the menu is wheat free!
I really want to give this place more stars, but I've tried everything on the menu and to me it's like fast food for vegans.  I'm not a big fast food person to begin with. 

I only really enjoy the crab puffs and the pizza minus the faux cheese.  
For a while there I was going about every three weeks, but eventually just stopped going.  All of the food has a weird texture to me and I have a hard time swallowing some of it.

Oh and I really like the chocolate peanut butter thing...

The service was always just mediocre.  The decor inside is pretty neat.
This restaurant is a vegetarian's fondest dream - and I am no exception.  The service is friendly and personable, and best of all, quick!

This is my favorite place to meet up with my girlfriends and spend a couple of hours chatting.  The hummus is good, if a smidge spicy. The tofu is fantastic.  

Go there.  Eat some good food.  You won't miss meat at all.
Being a vegetarian isn't always the easiest lifestyle to live.  People tease you, and give you odd looks when its brought up in conversation.  And god forbid a meal at mom and dad's goes by without someone making mention of your weird eating habits.  
Its a good thing that Green came along to help strengthen our resolve. and more importantly, to help convince non-vegetarians that vegans and vegetarians aren't a bunch of weirdos who eat soy-paste and lentils all day.  
With a wide array of options on their menu, Green has enough variety to please pretty much everyone, vegan or not.  After eating here at least twice a week for the last few months I've come close to sampling the entire menu, and there really isn't a bad thing that I can say about it.  The mock chicken and the phoney beef  used in Green's sammy's are alarmingly accurate in both flavor and texture.  The curry bowls are some of the best I've had, and the orecciette pasta with chicken  parmesan is worth killing for - which is saying a lot in vegan circles.
Bottom line:  if you're in the neighborhood, you'd be a fool not to stop in and sample some of the items on the menu.  If you don't find something at green that you absolutely love, you may want to see a doctor, because there is a good chance that you are dead and haven't realized it yet.
Finally, if the slew of rave reviews here on yelp hasn't convinced you yet, you can check out Green's menu right here:

http://www.greenvegetarian.com/menu.jpg
Go to Green... it's delicious! No, it isn't low-fat or low-calorie, so I have taken that to consideration and indulge in their food every now and then. Everything I have had (or sampled) is wonderful... with the exception of the egglessrolls. While very large, they were kinda bland with too much wrapper. I definitely preferred the crab puffs over the egglessrolls anyday. Good iced tea and decent iced chai, too. Worth the stop if eating your way through Phoenix being vegetarian/vegan.
I thought I had reviewed this place before since my friend owns it, but I guess I haven't. I'll admit that I'm a meatetarian, so this place isn't for me - but WAIT! It is for me... this place aims to make vegan food that tastes more like what "normal" people are used to since most "normal" people can't stomach most vegan cuisine.

I'm one of these people that can't stomach it. I prefer my meat and cheese and gluten and whatever else vegans cringe at. Not everyone is cut out to be a vegan. Some vegans I know of are kinda fat - they get this way because with the restrictive diet, they end up loading up on carbs eating nothing but chips and bread and candy and bean burritos and pasta. I'm not going to argue on how healthy or unhealthy this lifestyle is, but I'll say that the food at Green isn't diet food. It's rich and flavorful and a good. It's a perfect place to go if you're a couple and only one of you is vegan.

I dated a vegan once... I'm used to normally being the picky eater, but holy shit. We couldn't eat anywhere due to her "diet" restrictions and it was terribly annoying. Eventually, I got her eating burgers and steaks and real food again. Before that, of the few restaurants we were allowed to eat at - this was one of my favorites. 

The menu is creative and there's something for everyone (unless you're allergic to veggies and tofu). I dare say my friend is a culinary genius and I suggest you all check out That's a Wrap (his other restaurant) as well.
I wanted to love this place, I really did. I love the concept, total veggie restaurant, cool art, great set up. Let me start by saying I'm not a vegetarian. I used to be, for about 6 years and I still stock my freezer with all things quorn and morning star. I was really excited to go to Green. The wings are delicious, made from mushrooms, great consistency, mmhmm yum. Other than that I am not impressed, I've had the pulled pork (mushroom) sandwich and it was so sweet I could barely choke it down. the crab puffs decent, the hot dogs gross, the chicken parm way to breaded. I know everyone raves about this place but I find it hard to give it more than 3 stars when I could prepare everything on the menu better in my own kitchen. Sorry Green, great idea but bad execution. Still 3 stars for overall concept.
I love-love-love Green.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the food even better.   The people who work here are lovely sweet and very helpful.   There are far too few vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix metro area and this one gets my full support.
I love Green.  I hate that there is not one closer to Peoria.  So it is special treat to go there.  My favorites are the buffalo wings, apricot miso bowl with mock chicken, the original g po boy (which tastes like the buffalo wings, so don't get them together).  The fries are also excellent, and I'm not even a huge french fry eater.

I want to like the crab puffs, but I'm not vegan, and I still love my real cream cheese.  Oh well.

Love the Soynamis when I'm not so stuffed that I can eat them, but that hasn't happened very much!
Creative menu, yummy and affordable vegetarian food! 4/5

J and I are not vegetarians but we were up for a new restaurant and adventure on Friday night. We met up with P and R (vegetarian) at Green around 8pm for dinner. The food was amazingly delicious and cheap! We all shared some non-meat 'chicken wings'... it was so GOOD! our food came out tasty too. J's 'chicken' sandwich was great with its yummy BBQ sauce... Would definitely go back again for other dishes.
Simply delicious!  Very friendly people making and serving great dishes.  Many larger restaurants with so-called vegetarian/vegan menu sections could learn a lot from this place.
Green is great.
The food is so yummy.
My favorite is the Original Po boy with a side of fantastical Thyme Fries. 
and the Soynamis are so unbelievably good. 
Why haven't you been here yet? 

Sometimes they have really crappy art on the walls. I guess that sucks, but you should really be looking where you're eating, not all around you, young man. 
*In response to another review: 
Please do not complain about any establishment being in a strip mall in Arizona. 
EVERYTHING in Arizona is in a strip mall, god dammit. If you live here, you should know this. If you are fortunate enough to live somewhere where the places you like to go are not in a strip mall, please try and be kind enough to not gloat over us with that. Spoiled brat.
The fake crab wontons are great, so is the sweet n sour  noodle bowl. The drinks are good too.
I never thought it was possible to get CRS (Chinese restaurant syndrome) at a vegetarian restaurant.  I can't believe I brought my family including one vegan visiting from LA to Green.  There was no skill or sense in the balance of flavors in any of the dishes.  Obviously whoever made the food does not eat it themselves.

All the dishes were overwhemingly drenched in sauce assaulting the taste buds with either saltiness or sourness.  

The wings were incredibly sour and then when you dip them into the ranch sauce it becomes unbearably salty as well.  Thank goodness for the celery sticks.  

The salad contained hardly any figs which we really had to dig for to find two small pieces.  And the balsamic was really sour.  In smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine.

The apricot miso bowl was really sour again.  And for a vegetarian restaurant, it would've been nice to see more vegetables.  We wish all the sauces came on the side so that we could actually have tasted the other components of the dishes. 

The Texas portabello po-boy was also over-sauced.  The only redeeming part of it was the tahini coleslaw.  That was nice and crunchy and properly seasoned.

It seems to me that the chef needs to check in on the kitchen or taste his food more often.
I love and will always love the sweet and sour bowl with mock chicken, the bbq chicken sandwich, and, well, basically everything. Great atmosphere, best employees--basically do yourself a favor and go here, NOW.

If you ever get a chance to eat a Big Wac (like Big Mac), TRY IT. You'll have one of these I can't believe it's vegan moments, while simultaneously sending you into a deep food coma.
I need to deduct another star for their use of styrofoam cups.  Green definitely it's not.
Just at there for the second time today, and decided to use my (overpriced) iPhone for some pictures - which I will add shortly. I really love this place, because they offer so many options, from pizza to noodles to salads. 

First time I ate here, maybe a month ago, I got the Apricot Miso dish with mock chicken, and it was very good. Today I had the Spicy Peanut Sauce with Tofu appetizer and I had to restrain myself from licking the plate, the sauce is THAT good! The Coconut Curry with mock beef served over noodles was next, and honestly, it was just ok. I prefer the mock chicken texture/flavor. The curry was spicy but there wasn't enough of it in my dish - it was very dry.

But my favorite part of this place? The bathroom sink. It's totally cool, you just have to see it. Sorry, I didn't snap a photo in the bathroom for fear of being a total weirdo.
I'm glad I read the not-so-great reviews before going here. I was expecting it to be a healthy vegan restaurant. It's definitely not that. The place is cool on the inside, trendy with some interesting decor. You order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. I do have to admit, for a restaurant that calls itself "Green" I was disappointed to only see styrofoam and plastic cups. Booo!

I got the samosas as a starter. They were a little spicy but waaaay too garlicky. I love garlic like no other but the amount they put in there made it taste like fried spicy garlic cloves. No thanks. The dipping sauce was too sweet too. For $4.50 it was a disappointment.

I also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice. The rice was good but everything else was SOOOOOOOO SALTY, oh my god. Major turn-off #1. Hint- Just cuz it has Tamari as an ingredient doesn't mean you have to drown the "meat" and veggies in it. My friend had the sweet and sour mock chicken. She liked it but the noodles didn't look pan fried at all. That's just ghetto if you ask me. Maybe I was seeing things (and that's very possible, don't quote me on it) but they just looked like boiled rice noodles thrown on there.

Overall, I've made better vegan food at home. I may give it another try though, get something else and see if it's less salty/garlicky/sweet.
Am I missing something?  Went to this place last night having read loads of great reviews.  We couldn't have been more disappointed.  The place is grimy looking, with an open kitchen that looks like it could use a good cleaning.  The staff is indifferent and the food a complete let down.  Got there not long before closing - no hours posted so we weren't aware.  This was obviously a problem for the staff as they acted like all they cared about was going home.  Why didn't they just tell us that they couldn't prepare the food properly due to the kichen closing soon?  We would have just come back another time.  

We ordered the samosa starter - cold in the middle, coconut curry with crispy tofu - was soggy like it came out of a microwave, flatbread pesto pizza - burnt around the edges and cold in the middle.  

We were reluctantly given a refund, as the food was inedible (in fact they took the curry away and never bothered to bring anything back). 

And to echo a few others on here - lose the styrofoam and plastic cups and cutlery!  How green is your restaurant?  Not very.

Update 11/15/12

Went back here a few weeks ago, this place has really improved.  Best thing was, they're actually using eco-friendly cutlery/cups, etc.  Wahoo!
Went there today for first time. Great service, great selection, great prices. Suggest the Buffalo Wings & the  Spicy Peanut Sauce with Tofu.  Wish there was one of these in the E. Valley. Great for anyone looking for a lite-healthy meal. We also got their ice cream. Definitely suggest trying! I've also heard the side of thyme fries is worth checking out. Strip mall that it is located in was a little hard to find. North of McKellips, right next door to The Salvation Army Thrift Store.
Wonderful to have a place with a real vegetarian menu and tasty options.

Chili fries?  Amazing.
Noodle bowls?  Delicious.
Soy ice cream?  YUM.

And, it's pretty inexpensive, considering.  You can for sure eat for under $10.

Thumbs up from me!
So just in case this is the first review you've read about this place, let me be the one to tell you - it's vegan. Not vegetarian (no meat, but eggs and dairy), but vegan. And several of their dishes are mock - made to resemble normal meat dishes (hot dogs, burgers, chicken, etc.). I know that right there either turns people on or off. Me, I dig it. My freezer's stocked with Boca, Morning Star, Quorn and Gardenburger products. That said, not all of their mock products work. While I love heir Spicy Buffalo Wings, Crab Puffs, Vegan Chili Fries and Mum's Meatball Po-boy, I was disappointed with the No Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich and the Vegan Hot Dogs. Haven't built up the courage to try their pizzas just yet - my previous experience with vegan cheese hasn't been all that great. But I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually, I stop by for lunch with my meat-eating friends at least once a month. But don't worry, mock isn't all they have to offer. They've also got tofu - a Spicy Peanut Tofu appetizer as well as a good variety of noodle and rice bowls.

And it's a pretty cool place - I really dig the decor, from the Volkswagen doors along an entire wall to the local art work.
Being a new vegetarian, I am trying my darndest to find veggie-friendly restaurants that offer variety and don't suck the life out of my wallet. GREEN is, by far, the most brilliant. I went for lunch, and the staff was friendly, the food was awesome and the atmosphere was very laid-back-- not too hipstery, not too commercial.
My favorite thing, though, was the fact that the "pseudo meats" were super yummy... sometimes they really just taste like cardboard. But not at GREEN!
Yay GREEN!
ps. The Tsoynami is also ridiculously yummy. Get the peanut butter and chocolate.
Green is amazing, and by far the best veggie/vegan restaurant I have ever been to. The atmosphere is fun and the food is GREAT!! 

I HIGHLY recommend the BBQ Chicken Sandwich. They have a special espresso sauce and it is to die for. The Thyme fries are also really, really amazing! 

This is not a healthy veggie place... they have asian dishes, but most of their dishes are "comfort food" .. they have vegan pizzas, bbq chicken sandwiches, meatball sandwiches, fries, buffalo wings... all the type of stuff most vegetarians/vegas CRAVE. I know I am sick of eating pasta and veggie burgers all the time. Now I can eat regular type foods again without spending hours cooking them. 

Fortunately I live about five minutes from here, so I can keep going back and trying more items.  :)
This is the joint to hit if you're veggy or vegan.

The Faux meat is good, and they have a wide selection of faux dishes.

Oh did I mention the vegan crab puffs... they are amazing.  It's worth stopping in for an order of these alone.
We were excited to find a vegan restaurant, so we've given it a chance several times.  The food is very good, but almost every time I go I end up feeling not-so-great later that day.  Not sure if I'm choosing the wrong items,  but even my husband has the same problem.  I do LOVE their burger and soynamis so sometimes I go and take the risk.  If your a veghead, it's a definite must-try.
+ positive, -negative, -/+ neutral

+ The food is amazing.  They cook their tofu just right: crispy, tasty, fresh.  I'm also a huge fan of the Greenburger.  I would have to say it's even better than an In-and-Out burger (although now I'm a vegetarian).

- The food is good, but definitely not healthy.  Grease, with a side of fat.

-/+ Seating could be better.  I don't feel relaxed here.

+ One word: Soynamis.  These are frozen yogurt (soy, of course) treats with mix-ins, like fruit, nuts, etc.  Perfection in a cup.

-/+ Service.  They get your order in quickly and get the food to you fast.  However, I always find myself a little bummed out after ordering, they never smile!

+ Limeade.  It's really, really good.
The only reason I am giving Green an extra star is the Soynami.

Eh. I *wanted* to like Green. I wanted to LOVE it, in fact. But eh. I am not a vegan or vegetarian, but I do not eat dairy due to a major intolerance to it.

I went today for my second visit. Everything is fried, fried and fried. Why so much grease? Why can't vegan also be healthy?

Today I got the Jerk Tofu Salad. It was just ok. It was some greens mixed with carrots (the pre-shredded kind from a package) mixed with an equal amount of these fried stick things. The tofu was fried. "Jerk spiced house tofu" doesn't scream deep-fat fried to me, but apparently I am wrong. The carrots weren't fresh. The dressing wasn't my fav. I even asked for a different kind, and I got some lemon stuff. It was alright, but nothing to write home about. 

I've made better dressings at home with just a few easy ingredients. This was not a $9 salad. Not even close. I could make a better vegan salad out of the produce section at Trader Joe's. It would be fresher. Would a few vegetables kill them? Seriously. Geez. 

Last time I went we got a few starters - crab puffs and some hummus. I found them both alright, but they were VERY garlicky. Like major garlic. EEeks. I like garlic, but let's get real here. I got the Green burger for my meal last time. It was ok. It felt very heavy and "gloopy" for lack of a better word. I don't understand why they have to put the ketchup on the burger for me. So strange. I got the pasta salad as my side -- the server's suggestion as her favorite. Well, I guess if you like heavy, mayo covered stuff you are in luck. 

I would go back but only for the soynami. I got the chunky monkey once and it was good.

The only upside is that I can go here and order anything without having to worry about dairy, which I am very allergic to. So, I guess that's worth something.

But in short...I've seen more veggies in a Wendy's 99 cent side salad. Seriously.

The other poster who said "grease with a side of fat" is dead on the money. I think I need an oil change after that tofu. :P
This place is a regular pit stop for me!
Almost anything you get here is good.
Chili fries are a must try, also their eggless rolls are yummy!
The mongolian with mock chicken, and the green burger are some of my favorites.

Oh and they have good vegan icecream!
I started coming here after my vegan friend introduced me to the world of fake meat and vegan cuisine.  Since then, it has become one of my favorite places in Tempe/Scottsdale. 

I still do eat meat but if they opened Green in my neck of the woods, I could definitely handle being vegan.  Most of the food, I've tried here is good, but I will always order the same thing if I go.  The eggless rolls are nice and crispy, even if they are always very greasy.  I also love the no harm chicken parm.  The "cheese" is really sharp and the marinara is kinda tart and goes nicely with the "chicken" and the cheese.  Their chili fries are amazing, and you would never know that there wasn't meat in it.    

I've tried a few of the bowls, stir-fries, etc.  They're good but not great, and nothing I would go there specifically for.  The sandwiches are where its at.  

The price is reasonable for what you get, even though prices have gone up since I've last gone.  The decor is decidedly hipster, (and so is the crowd).  But I can overlook those things for good food.
Diagnosis: Delicious!! 

I've heard this place was really good but I was still suprised with how great the grub is. I recommend the secret bbq chicken sandwich. The thyme fries are killer and the fruit salad was yummy too.  Prices were reasonable. Cool vibe. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
The food was very good and there were lots of options. The garden burger was great.  Probably the best vegetarian in the valley
Green. I love you. You are my soul mate.

Why? Because you have never once in our relationship treated me bad. Never. In fact, I know I do not deserve you.

Normally I eat AT Green, but tonight I decided to order take out for the first time. I got the samosas and coconut curry with tofu. I didn't think it was possible to like anything better than the secret bbq chicken sandwich, but I think I found it. 

The gal said ten minutes, I got there in ten minutes, it was ready waiting for me.. packaged up like a gift from heaven... and by the time I got it home.. it was still warm. And heavenly. 

Also, there was some very pleasing eye candy sitting outside... maybe I should have eaten there. Silly me.
I really really love Green's menu. Just because you are vegan/veg it doesn't mean you have to eat healthy boring food all the time. My favs include their buffalo 'chicken' sandwich, apricot miso noodle bowl and 'crab' puffs. I wish I had their recipe for the fake chicken, it is aaaamzing. Servings are large on the sandwiches and slightly smaller on the noodle bowls. Their iced tea is also really good not surprisingly. The food here has been consistently good and it is definitely my spot to hit up when I am in the valley. I really would like to try the 'wings' as well as other sandwiches, I guess I need to visit AZ more.
** Note:  This review is ONLY for their "Soyname" soft-serve soy ice cream.

Their ice cream is the BOMB.  It's soft-serve homemade soy icecream that tastes like real ice cream!  No gross soy taste or aftertaste, no weird consistency, just pure ice cream goodness!  I really don't know how they do it, nor do i care.  It's served "blizzard" style with a variety of add-ins to choose from.  My personal favorite is the vanilla soy ice cream with chocolate and mint syrup and chocolate chips mixed in.... heaven!  When I stopped eating dairy I was bummed and thought I would never again truly know the joys of an awesome ice cream treat, I was wrong.  I drive from Higley to this place just to get a Soyname, it's THAT good.  Even folks who don't eat dairy-free say it's amazing!
How much do I like Green?  Let me count the ways...

1. Garlicky, cheesy artichoke gratine
2. I hum for your green hummus (I'd hum even louder if I can order this tahini-free!)
3-5. Crab puffs, eggless rolls, and samosas!
6-7. Jerk tofu and balsamic picnic salads. Tofu here is fried unless you specify otherwise
8-9. Thai peanut and coconut curry bowls
10. Thee "argentine" po-boy!
11. No harm chicken parm
12-13. Tahini coleslaw and those excellent thyme fries!
14. Peanut butter and chocolate tsoynami... Tsoy very good!
15. Vegan peanut butter chocolate bars
16. Proprietor Damon Brasch, who I had a secret crush on (up until he grew a beard!).  Accidentally bumped into him and his wife having dinner somewhere.  Sweet couple.  
17. For sale art displays by local artists adorn the walls.  Pretty cool.  

The only thing I would complain about is the long wait.  It's been a few months since I last visited, so I don't know if the ordering process is still the same: order at the counter, receive food at the table.  If you spy any of those awesome peanut butter chocolate bars at the counter as you're ordering, make sure you grab one (or three!) as they will most-assuredly run out before you find your way back at the front of the line.  I just shuddered blissfully at the thought of biting into one of these... But I digress.  The wait for the food is worth it, however.  Just be sure to order any of the items I mentioned above, and you'll do fine.  (Do your tastebuds a HUGE favor and avoid the pasta items.  I've tried the orecciete pasta, singapore tofu, and the curry pasta salad.  I detested all of them.)

Looks like Brasch added a couple of new items to the menu- ranchero salad and secret bbq chicken sandwich.  I'm going to have to get myself over there very soon to try some bbq!

Note: the mock chicken used in the wings is not the same used in all of the other dishes.  A good thing, bec. the wings we ordered were VERY stringy.  This happens when soy is frozen sometimes, I was told.  The Argentine sandwich tastes just like a Philly steak sandwich!  I ordered mine sans vegan cheese ($2 add), but I soon regretted that decision.  I believe Green uses Follow Your Heart vegan cheese (melts very well!), so the addition should complete the deception.  

Do yourself a favor and stop at Green for a bite soon.  Oh, and Green runs Friday and Saturday night specials from time to time.  I once had a green sobi noodle entree (wheat sobi noodles with a pesto sauce to die for!).  I haven't chanced upon any specials after that (this was around Valentine's Day '07).  I've given up on their specials, but I'm always assured that they still hold them everytime I ask via phone.  

They allow call ahead orders for dining in so that the food is ready to be devoured upon arrival.  Just be sure to time it well so that food is fresh.
Well that's settled then: I'm moving to Arizona. for a vegetarian restaurant. I love real veg restaurants, they are so few and far between all those places that just serve a veggie wrap and think they are opening up their client base. You can tell Green is the real deal because they list chicken sandwiches, meatballs this, shaved beef that all without blinking.  I went for the original g spicy po'boy and the tahini coleslaw (say what?), followed by a small tsoynami...and perhaps a mini chocolate peanut butter bar. what, it's all health food right? 

the po'boy, i will admit looked a little "po" with only 3 pieces of spicy chicken, but the flavor was great and i even thought (mayonnaise hater that I am) that the vegan mayo added to the flavor and richness of the sandwich. the coleslaw was just delightful, and i would never have been able to tell that my soft serve was vegan in a blind taste test.  i just saw Eric's review about the mint syrup and chocolate chips, so i'm heading back there for an after-dessert dessert.

the atmosphere is spare, i feel like they could toss a few more tables in there, on the left side where the tables were really far away from one another. There was cool soft music, and I liked that they have two sofas to chill on, and a mini market full of vegan goodies like meatless beef jerky and paul newman's pretzels.  

Oh Green, you and I have such good times ahead of us...please bring napkins.
After a weeklong vacation to Arizona, and three visits to Green within that week, I can say that this is the best vegetarian/vegan restaurant I have ever been to.

Tried a few new dishes this week including the mexicali burger, the artichoke gratin, the buffalo wings, and three flavors of tsoynamis.  All were so good.  The wings were delicious and amazingly "real" in texture and taste.  The tsoynamis are freakin' awesome - the first one I had a few years ago, I didn't really think the texture was quite right.  But I definitely think its exactly like a blizzard but with better flavors, like fluffer-nutter (pb, banana, marshmallow fluff. yum)

But nothing beats the old standby of a no harm chicken parm with chili fries on the side.  The fries are the best fries ever, and the chili is so good.  The no harm parm sandwich makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  

Like I said before, if they opened up in my neck of the woods, I could totally be vegan.
Here is the equation for this review: 

+5 stars for Tsoynamis:: So appropriately named: These things seriously pack the gale-force taste to knock your tongue-hut off of its timbers. Fun hand-mixed flavours to choose (Rocky Road -choc chips, choc syrup, walnuts, marshmallow...PB&J -peanut butter, grahams, strawberries...Almond Joy, S'mores, Don Quixote, and a Choco-Coffee Creation) or build your own...all with a base of their fantastic soft serve -*vegan* soft serve. True. These things are about 16oz...and a little natural disaster in a glass, so I recommend sharing if you are not plan to make it your meal. 3 words: Tsoynami for breakfast.

 -2 stars for pizza and sandwiches:: These were just dissapointing. The Texas po'boy with portabello in their Espresso BBQ sauce sounded unique and delicious, but it was really a let down. The BBQ sauce was altogether too sweet. The peppers were sauteed to a point of sadness, and they just contributed even MORE sweetness to the dish. Really missed the BBQ mark (I am a 'que sauce executive, by the by). The hot-wing po'boy, however, seemed to have stolen ALL of the flavour and spice from the Texas. *Very* hot (I enjoy heat, so it was fine for me, but I caution more sensitive buds), and too greasy for my taste.

But the pizza was the BIG misfire. I had heard good things about the type of vegan cheese they use, so I definitely wanted to try that while we were in town. My mistake. I just have to face it. I am NOT into the melty-cheese thing (all of you dairy-dos are rolling your eyes...yes, I get it, the big 'duh' for the vegan girl). Horrible texture, taste and ALL too much of it. (Omni-mum agreed). Even scraping it off, the taste lingered. The sauce was nice, but the mushrooms and onions, again, were too oily, and the veggeroni was just store-bought yuck. (I was hoping for some home-made-less-processed seitan or something). The crust was just a thin flat-bread, which I do not like for pizza. The sauce was tasty...but too thinly spread (and affected by the yuck cheese).

 +1 star for free fresh fruit substitute:: Seriously, how many times do you have to give a kidney in order to get some fruit or veggies subbed for a side? Thank you, Green, for being reasonable.

So, do the math and you have 4 stars. Seriously, the Tsoynamis did all of the work on that one. I am tempted to advise Green to just shut down the food side and roll out the Tsoynamis non-stop. However, my mum really liked the fries. 

Next time we are in Phoenix, we will definitely go to Green again, but only for Tsoynamis...and maybe fries. I recommend you do the same.
vegan diner food, served with diner attitude, yay!  
fries, burgers, fusion, tsoynamis....
they have some grocery stuff, baked goods and fancy bottled drinks for sale as well.
This place is great! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is pretty cool too. The only caveat is that the portions were a bit small and my mother asked for no onions and they still put them on her gyro. Still, even with those complaints, this place is an oasis in the desert.
Green is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in the Valley. The ingenuity of offering comfort vegan food is matched by its excellent and delicious execution of the concept. Here you can find inventive takes on veghead staples such as salads and Thai-inspired noodle dishes to daring vegan versions of chili fries and hot wings (made from mushroom stems) that prove worthy rivals to the animal-involved originals. The bistro features a varied menu, bolstered by specials that change daily. Green also features a handful of prepackaged vegan specialty foods, including gelatin-free marshmallows.

Perhaps what I like best about Green is its hip, progressive vibe that has not fallen victim to the snotty hipster nonsense so prevalent in The Valley's "cool" restaurants. On the contrary, the staff at Green is always helpful and friendly.
Green is the fast food cornucopia of vegan world.

I'm not saying it's terrible or anything, but the food is hit-or-miss and not particularly good for you. The overall decor reminds me of a more aesthetically-discerning Pita Jungle, with generally higher-quality art. Unfortunately the ingredients are not as high-quality as the craftsmanship, and while meal presentation is deceptively lovely, the taste isn't all there.

I will sing praises to their imitation crab puffs and sweet-and-sour sauce, though - absolutely delicious. The fries are brittle and tasteless; the chili is pretty good, but could use more spice. The chicken parmesan is too chewy for my liking. I find that the sauces are generally pretty good, but have a hard time with some of the food's textures - the wings are a great example of this. Overall, Green has a vast selection as far as different food types go - great for veteran vegans who don't find a lot of dining options in the Phoenix metro area - but ultimately, to conserve costs, uses low-grade material in many of their dishes. This doesn't necessarily bother me as a patron - it bothers me as a recipient of the glowing praises of others who swear up and down that this food is so good for you. Come on, it's not really. It may be devoid of animal byproducts, but like anything else, eat too much of it and it'll kill you.

I have a lot of respect for the philosophy behind Green (and its owner's other offspring across the valley), but if you firmly believe in the hype surrounding this place, you will ultimately be disappointed. Like it for what it is, and be prepared to try it a few times before it sells itself on you.
Hubby has been eating mostly vegetarian lately, so we decided to check out Green. I don't think we'll go back. 

Everything we ate, we could get better elsewhere. Hubby's pad-thai-ish dish was pretty good, with noodles, a zippy sauce, and big crunchy veggies. All of which makes the nastiness of the egg(less) rolls even more inexplicable. They were positively mushy inside, and had both hot and cold spots. Maybe it's just me, but I like some texture and identifiable ingredients in my egg rolls. They were also weirdly spiced and arrived without the dipping sauce advertised in the menu. The busser admitted they were made ahead of time, which certainly doesn't help matters. He didn't seem to care that we thought they were bad- he just shrugged and said, "Well SOME people don't like them." Well, I guess we're SOME people then. We also tried the much praised pseudo crab puffs, and they were pretty good, especially with the dipping sauce that managed to come out with this plate. Hubby also had to have the soy "blizzard". He liked it, and I thought the taste was fine initially, but then had an aftertaste I didn't care for. 

The atmosphere is clearly meant for hipster youngsters. The lighting was so low that I literally had a hard time reading the white on black menu. Seriously, Green. Have some consideration for your clientele over 20. 

The last thing that left a negative impression was some of the staff. As we finished our meal, they were starting to close. Hubby went up to the counter to order his soy "blizzard" and the too-cool-for-the-rest-of-us young man behind the counter had to ask a co-worker if they were still making them. Um, if you still have customers in the restaurant, I would imagine you should still be making them. It's not like we were in there for a half hour past closing, and there were still many customers in the place. 

One last observation: what's up with all the vegetarian and vegan smokers clogging the entrance? God forbid there be any animal products in your bodies, but bring on the tar and chemicals!?! As someone who quit smoking after many years, I would appreciate it if Green would insist that their customers observe the keep-it-20-feet-from-the-entrance ordinance.
I loved this veggie place.  I was in Scottsdale for my college graduation and looked for a great veggie place.  I totally recommend this place!
This vegan place is two things - simply delicious and totally casual.  They also rigidly adhere to their stated closing times - so you need to get there well before.

We  eat there at least once a month and with all the guests we've brought and our wanderings around the menu can state nothing is bad.  Of course you'll develop your own favorites.
A treasure on a trip was found today.   I was in AZ until just a few hours ago, and I feel compelled to write my first AZ review about this place, GREEN.   A definite vegetarian delight.   The offerings were many, and my Green Burger, actually Red, was DEE-Lish.    The thyme fries also yum-yum.  The space was welcoming with the VW car doors & various parts + poetic justice painted upon the wall, the mini-market shelf & cooler grocery items also just a straight-up love fest for me.   I also had some crazy good tasy coffee beverage that carried me all the way back to Chicago.   Happy people go here, you can see it on their faces, and the staff - super-duper friendly to out of towners like myself, offering up words of wisdom on the area for my next visit.   The place is hard to find in a tiny strip mall in the corner, next door to the Salvation Army and a fantastic bike shop.   Happy visitor made happier by GREEN.
TERRIBLE! Everything was either fried or so salty I could not even eat it. The atmosphere was nice, laid back and stylish but the food was not good. I got the tofu with veggies and brown rice and it was so salty I could even take more than 2 bites. We also the hummus and pita as an appetizer. The pita chips were FRIED and so greasy! I left with a stomach ache. Very disappointed. I came all the way from the bay area to try this place and will not recommend to vegan friends or anyone else. Sorry guys! Need to go with fresh local produce menu and help make vegans proud... help all people  eat healthy...not stuff them with fried processed food that will contribute to America's obesity problem. Good luck!
Veg comfort food...SWEET.  My husband and I are doing this detox thing with no gluten too, and they had tons of things on the menu we could have ordered.  He was laughing at me (I've been a back and forth vegetarian/pescatarian for 5 years - always one or the other) as I went through the menu online going "oooh!  oh my god....oooh!"  It is a rare treat for me to find a place where I can eat EVERY SINGLE ITEM on the menu, without any modifications needing to be made.

We got carryout and it was certainly a bit of a drive from Central Phoenix (2nd location, please?  :)), but it was totally worth it.  I can't wait to try nearly everything on the menu.

Is it greasy?  Probably.  Is it health food?  No.  Is it awesome?  You bet.  

P.S. I got the Mongolian Rice Noodle Bowl with Mock Chicken, and he got the Drunken Chicken w/Rice Noodles.
Best vegan comfort food imaginable! Their food is always tasty but I couldn't handle it every day. The no-harm-parm sandwich is my favorite with their curry pasta salad. So good!
mmm vegan fast food or I guess comfort food. :) Lots of great choices here, love the crab puffs, and the Thai noodle bowl. Service is always fast and friendly and the decor is artsy. Very cool place to hang out and eat.
Green has stepped it up. Went today for lunch and the food was delicious. Ordered the wings again, so spicy and wonderful, this time I went with the "meat"ball sandwich, the marinara was very good and the ratio of cheese to meatballs - perfect. Think Mama Mia's meatballs, great consistency.  I also really enjoyed the fruit cup it came with, it had pears.. Pears on a fruit cup are rare. 
The beverage selection was also great, green tea freshly brewed and all sorts of green, organic sodas.
I will be going back for lunch. (Even if I could make it in my own kitchen).
Ode to my little vegan haven...you are the sweet escape from the strife and angst of eating out almost everywhere else other than my kitchen, a delicious relief from the menus that more resemble checklists of things I cannot/choose not to eat. I can at last read "chicken wings" and actually order them, extra sauce. I can drool at the thought of a po' boy sandwhich, spinach and artichoke dip, or spicy singapore noodles. I can wear a baseball cap, order chili fries and kick it with the home team. I can introduce you to all my beloved carnivores and listen to the "mmmmm"s without any questions as to why I choose to eat the way I do. ** Sigh **
I decided to give Green a few other tries. I've been back for the Soynami's multiple times even. They are VERY good, almost unbelievable how they make them taste. They don't have that nasty nutty soy aftertaste that seriously makes me want to hurl.

I also tried the original spicy po boy. It's basically just a spicy mock chicken sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of the mock meats but I found it to be ok. I wouldn't order it again but it wasn't bad. Their fries are very delicious and soaked in a layer of grease, which is probably why they taste sooo good.

The staff is always nice and helpful. When I've asked them about gluten in some of their desserts, they're very knowledgeable and immediately know what does and doesn't, which is a nice surprise.
Good vegan junk food.  Honestly, stay away from the healthier-sounding items - most of it that I've had tastes nowhere near as good as the sauce-drenched fried seitan sandwiches.
My vegan wife loves this place.  It's nice eating there, but I'm trying to avoid soy protein, and there are too few such options on their menu (I would prefer more non-soy entrees).  And a lot of the food is much too greasy for my taste.
I've recently adopted a vegan diet, and Green has given me a reason to never look back! The food was delicious. The crab puffs, kung pao bowl, greeza pizza, and tsoynamis have been haunting my dreams, and calling me back. And this is a hip restaurant that I wouldn't mind going back to. As far as my eyes can see, it looks to be a pretentious hipster hangout, but the atmosphere is so relaxed I can feel comfortable dining in.

There are too few tables for me to give this 5 stars. Green needs to prepare for a crowd.
I've been Vegan for over 10 years. I've eaten in many restaurants, Vegan and otherwise.

Never before have I been so disgusted.

Giving Green the title of "Restaurant" is giving it too much class. IMO, "Diner" would even be a struggle.

1. Waited in line 20 minutes to place order.

2. No wait staff.

3. Bus your own table.

4. Wade through tables of dining patrons to place order. Good thing for them I wasn't in the mood to cough or sneeze.

5. Decor leaves much to be desired. Is this a "restaurant" or the remains of a flooded frat-house basement? Unable to find a chair that wasn't ripped in the seat. Not sitting on a stained yard sale couch on a splintery plywood riser.

6. Ordered food and noticed kitchen staff did not wear gloves. Talked on cordless phone and handled money while preparing food, then did not wash hands.

How clean is that phone? How clean is cash? Lick those coins you just took from the guy 10+ days without a shower and tell me. 

7. Place is DIRTY!

8. Appearance of food was disappointing. The Vegan pizza I make at home from scratch looks better. Why would I pay for a pita smeared with sauce, with 3 leathery, waxy slices of sweating cheese, when the Vegan cheese I use at home actually melts? People are dumb enough to pay for this? 

9. Buffalo Wings or Wads? Unidentifiable "wads" of fibrous matter. Sauce reeked of vinegar and nothing else.

10. Took 2 requests and got a huff in response when staff was asked to wipe the remnants of the last diner's meal off of our rocking table.

After reading the RAVE reviews online, I was sorry I made the 84 minute drive to reach Green. I'm even more sorry I brought people with me. Now they have the connotation that being Vegan means this is acceptable for an eating establishment and all Vegan food is junk food garbage. 

Green's website touts itself like it is comparable with "real" restaurants like Millennium. Not even close. Millennium makes Green look like a third world hot dog cart. Green's success lies in the adage that some people will eat ANYTHING. 

I stared at my baskets and plate of food for about 20 minutes while my guests ate. The A/C kicked on and fine particles of something rained down on our table. Mold? Dust? Skin flakes from everyone waiting to order? Who knows. It was probably dirt.

As for the flavors of the food, consistency, texture, etc., I don't know.

My food went untouched, into the trash. Seemed fitting.

No thanks! I'm not eating here!

Green needs to focus on being a great restaurant that just happens to be Vegan, not be so caught up in being Vegan that the restaurant is what it is........a dump.

If you like your restaurants "crunchy", this is the place for you.


After reading the health inspections for Green online, I will never go back. WASH YOUR HANDS!
I absolutely love this place! 
its vegetarian and offers some vegan 
i am a pescetarian by the way, don't eat meat except fish, 
now ill just list what I've had and what i think of it all.... 

spicy buffalo "wings"- delicious, like the best, and to me it tastes like real chicken 

chili fries- good but i didn't like it that much, lots of chili on them, i prefer their thyme fries (considered their regular fries) 

crab puffs- they're pretty good, to me nothing fantastic but they don't suck either so they're just good 

egglessrolls- i cant remember if i loved these or just liked them? But from what i remember they were good 

samosas- this was the first time i had samosas and i thought they were ok, i personally didn't like them that much 

i haven't had any of their salads or pizzas for myself 

orcciette pasta- i really didn't like this that much, to much onion, But they tend to make things differently sometimes so maybe it just wasn't a good day for me And i got the chicken so maybe the meatballs would have been better 

Thai peanut- this is my absolute FAVorite dish!!!! With mock chicken and noodles, its just so delicious. If you don't like peanut sauce though it might not be for you, even though i didn't originally think id like it, so hey you should just try it. 

the original 'g' spicy po-boy - really good, its just the chicken wings but in a sandwich and bigger pieces of it in it hah its really good though 

no harm chicken parm sandwich- from what i remember this was good 

I've tried several variations of the soft serves and the tsoynami, and every one I've tried yet is delicious! 


Hope you like it if you try it! haha, 
Here's the link: 

http://www.greenvegetarian.com/
I am a total carnivore, but I have dated around 6 vegans ...so needless to say I have been forced to eat a lot of food I wouldn't choose if I was eating by myself. 
Let's face it...most vegan food sucks. It's plain, it looks unappetizing, and the fake meat tastes like chewy pieces of unflavored cardboard. 

This isn't the case with the food at Green. It is DELICIOUS. A million different options all waiting to explode your taste buds. 
I personally crave the Thai peanut bowl and Buffalo chicken wings on a weekly basis. The BBQ chicken sand which is amazing too. Don't under estimate this place. It wouldn't be as busy as it is, or stay open as long in AZ if it wasn't so incredibly yummy.
I love this place! It's the perfect place to bring vegetarians and meat eaters.  The tofu is cooke perfectly, they sell gelatin free jello, and the fries are amazing!
There are several foods that are worthwhile, but I have had some that are average. The wings and ranch is the best food they have; the bowls are, well, underperformers. The burgers are very good, and their pizzas are worthwhile. Green is good for quick vegan on the go, and I think that most of the food is good at Green. It is definitely college-aged ambiance dining in. I'd really love to see the veg world in Phoenix take off, and find some competition. It's a limited pool here in town.
Where do I start, how about with desert?!  You can not go to Green and not get a tsoynami!  They offer many different flavors so why not just try them all, you won't be let down.  From fruit to chocolate and peanut butter, just pick one!  The fact that you can go to a restaurant and not ask your server if what you order is vegetarian friendly is a dream come true!  I go to Green when I am craving vegetarian comfort food.  The spicy buffalo wings and vegan chili fries are a good way to kick that craving.   The no harm chicken parm sandwich is so tasty but watch out it is messy!  If you want something a little healthier I recommend one of the bowls or a salad of course.  Either way in my opinion you won't go wrong with whatever you try.  Vegetarian food has come a long way and I couldn't be happier to have so many options!!!
So tough to judge a place when you've only had one meal there...  however, I shall do just that.  I took other yelpers advice and went for more junk food oriented fare.  Had myself some fries and what resembled a philly cheese steak.  Amazing!  Totally what I was in the mood for and just perfect.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but I've been back to Green a couple times now.  To be honest, I'm still a little suspicious of the mock meat items but I'll be the first to tell you the mock chicken buffalo wings taste oh so good.  Tastes like chicken!! haha.  They have this amazing tea too (the amber looking one), can't go wrong with the thai peanut bowl.
Well, I fell into the classic trap. Let me warn you:

VEGAN DOES NOT MEAN HEALTHY

Sure, a vegan diet can be healthier than a meat diet, depending on whose advice you're following. Fried starches are vegan, sugar is vegan, overly- processed chemical meat substitutes are vegan... you get the idea.

That being said, this place is tasty. They offer a substantial and varied menu to appeal to the masses while maintaining a no-harm attitude. Even the to-go containers are eco-friendly.
I had the Thai peanut bowl with mock chicken and brown rice. I don't usually go for the fake n' bake, but I was persuaded. This was convincing, but I would probably go for the tofu next tme. The sauce was delicious and the dish was satisfying, the veggie to chicken ratio was impressive (lots of both).
Hubsky ordered thee Argentine po-boy, a fake steak sandwich with caremelized peppers and onions with vegan mayo and chimichuri sauce. He found that satidfying. I tasted it for reviewing purposes, and I have to say that it was spicy and tasty, but again, I prefer tofu or veggies to fake meat. They did a great job of approximating the texture of steak with the seitan, but the immitation was of a fattier cut of steak. I would have preferred a chewier texture "well-done" texture.
I packed up half my dish to leave room for the much touted Tsoynami. It lived up to its reputation. The varieties available can be overwhelming. I had a Newman's Own chocolate mint thing, but I would probably go for something completely chocolate next time. The mint was too sweet for me.
It should also be noted that there were oatmeal cream cookie sandwiches that I did not try but have been thinking about since my visit... three weeks ago.
This place is GREAT! It is a GREAT place to impress your meat-eating friends! Tell them to get the buffalo wings, buffalo chicken sandwich, or mongolian chicken bowl... those are the best dishes!
Went here last week or somethin, 
still delicious of course!
By the way someone pointed out in my past review 
I put it's vegetarian and some vegan when it really is all vegan. 
Oh well, if you didn't mention it's vegan it could just be vegetarian! haha 
Yay green!
Not only does it have absolutely delicious vegetarian/vegan food, but apparently it's also a great place for celebrity sightings.  My friend and I saw Jim from Jimmy Eat World grabbing lunch there yesterday.  Clearly, we all have fantastic taste!

Favorites: the Sweet and Sour bowl with crispy tofu ... and don't forget the organic limeade!
Best vegetarian cuisine in Phoenix, easily. It has a cool, artsy environment with a nice vibe. The service is pretty fast and it's not too expensive, considering the amazing delicious quality of the food. I'd say the average meal costs 12 to 15, including drinks and the almost mandatory order of crab puffs (they're that good). om nom nom nom
This vegan restaurant is simply amazing.  You would be hard pressed to not realize the meatless products you are eating are not made with, well, meat.  I have never had a bad meal here, and would recommend it to anyone.  You should definitely try the buffalo wings and the fries.

If you stop in, the Tsoynami lives up to its grand reputation.
I don't give out five stars lightly. This place was good. We went there twice while we were in town and the second time we got two whole other meals to take with us and eat for dinner later. They have soy milkshakes, people!!! We had a peanut butter and jelly shake (tsoynamis, they call them - so cute!) and one with almond cookies and caramel. We had appetizers and sandwiches one day and a salad and pizza the next. We got take-out bowls - one Italiany thing my husband got and the most delicious mushroom with noodles bowl - I find myself thinking of it when I get really hungry. Everything was tasty. Super tasty! I'm glad they're not too close to home or we'd end up going more often than we should and I would have a hell of a time resisting some of the less healthy menu items (hello fried pita). If you're going to the Phoenix area and you are vegan you better go here!
I've visited Green on many occasions, and personally I am never over impressed.  The bbq pizza is horrid, the soyami's taste like chalk and the chicken po- boy is just okay.  The upside to this restaurant is the quaint decor and it's lovely charm.  Bring back veggie fun.
Vegetarians & Vegans: you're gonna love Green, that's for sure. The place is 100% vegan ingredients & food. And it is delicious!

Everyone else: you're gonna like it too! Pretty much everyone that I've taken to Green or talked to that has been there (Vegetarian or not) has enjoyed the food. They've got an awesome selection of appetizers, entree items & deserts. Check em, yo.
Went here over the weekend 
and had the artichoke dip appetizer 
for the first time, i thought it was delicious!
Although the chips were a bit greasy. 
I still loved it though haha, but 
I forgot to take pictures of our food :(
(look at my past reviews for other recommended dishes :D)
Excellent food and atmosphere.  I had thai Peanut bowl and my wife had the "chicken" swarma.  They were both delious and filling.  When you go try the tsoynami deserts. Very nice to have on a hot day.
i'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, i thoroughly enjoy sinking my teeth into a thick juicy piece of medium-rare steak. and i love eggs in the morning and chicken tacos at 2am. i am also very hesistant to try anything the attempts to substitute for meat, because i think it's just psychologically strange. BUT ever since my friend turned me onto green about 2 years ago, i've had nearly everything on the menu. and never been disappointed or grossed out by anything.

my favorites: number one absolutely has to be the mexi-cali burger. i could eat these everyday. it has the flame-broiled taste of a real burger and even the bright red color of raw meat, but don't let it freak you out. it also comes with hummus, bright orange nacho cheese, and chipotle sauce. this burger is SPIIICCYYYY so beware. their fries are crispy and perfectly seasoned. also love their soy ice cream treats, soy-namis, my favorite being the raisin with captain crunch. their lime-ade, lemon-ade, and teas are always fresh and delicious. i also love the diablo red bowl which is another dish for spicy-lovers and comes with fresh roasted eggplant (yummmm) and tomatos. 

their pita chips and hummus are to die for. they're crispy chips which i enjoy better than just a regular pita being served with hummus. and their buffalo wings are almost as good as the real thing.

green nails vegetarian and healthy mock ups of american food right on the head.
I love, love, love GREENS!  I ate there today after seeing the reviews on Yelp!  I'm a MEAT eater, but I enjoyed the Vegan dishes here. The  bottled drinks are sort of expensive though, but then again I think they are made with Stevia.
I'm a rather picky eater and my first attempt at a fully Vegan restaurant   was interesting. I like my meat so when I first saw 'mock' chicken and 'mock' beef I had to double take at the menu. I decided to play it safe with ordering the balsamic strawberry and green salad. I was a tad dissappointed the dressing was  a tad bland and the fig's in the salad through the flavor off for me, but it wasn't bad. 
would I order that dish again, probably not. Would I go back? I think I would just to give it a try and see if they have something of more flavor but wouldn't be the first on my list of options.
I am not a Vegan, nor am I a vegetarian. I tried this lifestyle in my early 20's and I just couldn't be faithful. I love meat way too much. That doesn't mean I won't accept alternatives here and there. I felt somewhat healthier as a vegetarian and do enjoy eating like one once in a while. So yesterday I tried Green.. Now let me just say, a lot of places I have tried like this have been seriously disappointing. Either it tastes like hydrogenated dog shit or looks like it.. and I once found a rubber band in my Black-eyed Pea Cake at Blossom, but we'll save that story for another review.. Green however, did not disappoint. 

Edamame to start, because I am a super fan of it and eat it whenever possible.. I like that they served it with lime. Something I had never thought to add, but it was a nice touch. Then I had the Apricot Miso with mock chicken and pan fried noodles. Certainly an interesting dish, with a stir fry type mix of pineapple, dried apricots, sliced apples, broccoli and some other vegetables, in a sweet yet kinda spicy sauce which was really good. My buddy had the Original "G" spicy Po boy, and it was also tasty. You could barely tell the difference between "real" and "mock", which is hard to do. The interior is super cute and funky. I liked that, but there was absolutely no where to sit, so we went outside and sat in the shade, which wasn't too terrible.. also a good sign that summer is ending sooner than later. 

One complaint I do have... bring your own fork! I know it sounds silly but they only have forks carved out of wood, which break upon entering pretty much anything I tried to use it for. . 

Definitely try Green. Vege or not, its worth a visit.
YUM!

I have recently become a vegetarian (NO MEAT!) and really enjoy having a strictly vegetarian eatery within a half hour drive.

The food here is amazing & makes me come back for more.

Anyone who likes good food or is trying to cut down their meat consumption, should definitely check out the Green Vegetarian Restaurant.
It's nice to have place solely focused on the vegan in humanity. Atmosphere in this place is mellow, and minimalistic, with thought provoking, psuedo intellectual, writings on the walls. 
this place has a great selection of food, especially when it comes to meat imitation. 
Unfotunately all the meat imitation is soy based, and therefore hard on the stomach and digestive system. I once had a Po' Boy Chx Sandwich that stayed with me for 12 hours before deciding we didn't get along.
Everything else here is great, the ice cream, salads, fresh made lime-and-lemonade.
just stay away from the Soy heavy product.
First off I'm from Chicago.  I was raised on meat and potatoes.  The thought of going to a vegan restaurant has never sounded appetizing to me.   A few weeks ago my friend Mike a fellow Chicagoan took me there for lunch.  I'm hooked.  Been back two times in a week and a half.  Forget about it being vegan.  Green is just a good restaurant.  I have tried the Argentine sandwich, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, Teriyaki chicken, chili cheese fries and more.  Everything tastes great!  The prices are reasonable and the service is fast and friendly!   I love the decor, it has an earthy hippie vibe.   My favorite thing at Green is the the Soynami,  it is their version of  a Dairy Queen Blizzard!
I have eaten here many times.  Some of the dishes are amazing, others are good.  I find it hard to remember what i have had to really try everything...  Absolutly recomend.
-Back for the Humus and the Picnic Salid, both fantastic
This place is awesome.  I rarely venture outside of my hood in Scottsdale but I decided to give this a whirl.  I've driven by it for years and never checked it out.  It looks a bit sketchy from the outside but a laid back, sorta eclectic atmosphere inside with cool music and really healthy, fresh food.  I don't know what this "vegan" thing is but I think I like it.  This is one of my new favorites.
Hey vegan! 

Yeah you. 

Get your skinny ass down to Green for some seriously good food. 

Seriously. 

The mock chicken rocks. 

Go. Now.
I've been a meet lover my entire life and tried eating at Green and was pleasantly surprise about how delicious everything was. I am especially fond of the apple, fig salad and the mock chicken wings. For a first timer it was delicious!

Well, worth the drive.
I'm from Boston & found this place when in Tempe...I'm in love!! The food is AMAZING. I've seriously considered vacationing in Arizona just so I can go back to this place (I'm not kidding). Even better they could open one in Boston!!
I live in San Diego, but baby brother lives in the Temps so whever I'm in town we go here! I am IN LOVE! Let's start with the thing I dream about while I'm awake and asleep... the soy soft serve! It is AMAZING. Imagine a blizzard with any toppings you want EXCEPT the toppings are one million times better and the soft serve is house made and SOY. Yes please. The best: Espresso grounds, coconut, raisins, and walnuts. Also amazing: the PB&J. Just get. it. now.

Everything I've tried has been fabulous. The prices are reasonable for the value, love and thought that goes into the food. The Mock Chicken wings are delicious and they even come with a delicious vegan cucumber "mock ranch" dipping sauce. All their Bowls look perfect but I need to try more of them and some pizza! Green come to San Diego. I'll run it! Everyone will love you don't be shy!
While I generally shy away from "pretend meats and dairy," I have to hand it to Green for doing both exceptionally well.  Everything tastes fresh, flavorful, and generally amazing, and every non-vegetarian I have taken to this restaurant has been blown away!  I especially love the "moo-shroom po-boy," which is a vegan version of a pulled-pork sandwich, made with an espresso barbecue sauce and bell peppers.  It's extraordinarily messy, but even more delicious.  Their artichoke dip is also great, and does very well in the fridge; I think it might have been better the next day.  Just keep in mind that the place is usually crowded, so if you are going with a group, avoid peak hours!
Green is the bomb!   I would list what is good, but that would be everything i have ever eaten there.

I wish there was one in Downtown Phoenix.
My first review on Yelp(I am way overdue) and it undoubtedly has to be Green. My first venture to Green was actually before I was a Vegan, I had just transitioned to trying vegetarianism and I thought " Wow, being a Vegan is easy!! " Well not exactly, but Green helps - unfortunately not all Vegan food is as creative or tasty.

Green isn't a health food place but some of there items are better for you then others. But you can be sure you are not getting a stack of cholesterol/saturated fat and animal protein to give you years of bad health and interesting diseases (yep I said it).

Pretty much everything is good at Green, I can only think of one so-so meal I have ever had and it was a special.  I am convinced it was not made correctly in the first place. The Spicy Po'Boy sandwich was my 1st and 2nd meal at Green and still a favorite, all the burgers are good, pizza is decent, bowls all taste similar but are all great. Appetizers are cheap and all good(try the hummus, non-wings, crabless puffs). Tsoynamis are incredible. Most of their specials are good, and don't forget about Green on holidays when you feel like not eating an animal(like the majority of folks). July 4th this year had an excellent spread and all for $5(which went to charity of course).

I forgot about the location a long time ago, yes the strip mall is nothing special and unsightly but who really cares. The atmosphere inside has improved over the years and all the people who work there and go there all seem to be quite chill(even the meat eaters). I just wish there was a second location closer to me in North-Cen Phoenix(maybe someday)

Phoenix doesn't have a ton of Vegan restaurants, but this place rivals other Vegan restaurants in much more Vegan friendly cities. My one complaint(or hope) is that someday they won't have to call things "mock chicken" and "mock beef". I know this is to appeal to the masses and most people even in the Vegan community could care less but TVP, Seitan, etc all have a unique taste and texture and should be celebrated for that and called exactly what they are. "Wheat meat", " Veggie meat", "soy meat", whatever. Animal "meat" doesn't have the bounty on the word meat, what do you call the innards of a coconut or avocado? Ahhh now you get me, ok end of rant.

Go to Green, Carnivore or Herbivore, or anything in between, for the good food/atmosphere. Keep coming back for the reasons of why Green exists at all.
Green is absolutely delicious. I first ate here a couple of years ago and I still cannot get enough of this place. I love the eggless rolls, I love the greenza, I love the crab puffs, I love the thyme fries and I absolutely adore the tsoynami. I wish there were more restaurants as delicious and as vegan as is this one.
My friend and I split a Po Boy, BBQ chicken sandwich and some crab puffs. I'm not a vegan but I decided it was time for something healthy. i liked the Po Boy it was quite spicy. It was almost as good as the vegan Po Boy at wholefoods. The crab puffs tasted good but I like the regular stuff. I loved the BBQ chicken though it tasted almost like regular chicken and it was really tasty.  The fries were really tasty too. The only missing star is because the atmosphere to me different I'm not quite used to it but I highly recommend this place to others.
Cool place, and you don't need to be a vegetarian to enjoy it. My fiance honestly thought he was eating chicken shwarma made out of chicken. I told him after we left.
Green is A-OK with THIS meat-a-tarian.

First, let me tell you I'm not a vegetarian. I like bacon way too much and I have a hard time even liking vegetables. I went today for a going away lunch with a co-worker and so surprised at just how good Green was!  I admit, I was totally trash talking the mock-chicken before I had it. It just sounded weird. Pssshaw...."mock" chicken. 

I'm just super excited about the fact that most of the bowls are gluten free except the Thai peanut. I got the coconut curry "chicken" and boy, was it tasty! They make it with tamari sauce instead of soy sauce, hence the gluten free-ness of the dish.

If I wasn't so full from the artichoke dip I would have devoured a soynami (vegan blizzard). They don't have any gluten ingredients in them either, except for whatever toppings you might toss in. It's pretty rare that I can go to a restaurant and eat 80% of the menu. What a treat!
I came here last night to experience all that is Green.  I was excited because I'm trying to go on this less meat eating path, and Green is the perfect place to do so.

The setup is absolutely adorable with the denim insulation and the VW hubcaps and car doors.  And the menu layout for all the tsoynamis is equally cute.

My friend and I got the wings to start, the red diablo, and the kung pao bowl.  The wings were really good, and I love the dipping sauce they came with!  I was in heaven with my red diablo bowl.  I loved the consistency of the mock chicken and the eggplant had been soaked in sauce for a while so it was completely mushy, just the way I like it!  I completely polished off my bowl, and my friend did the same.  Yet he was still craving the tsoynami since the guy at the counter gave us a free sample.

After going through all of our options, at which point he decided we would never be friends again because I don't like coffee, rootbeer, or mint, we decided on the rocky road tsoynami.  These things are huge and perfect to split with someone for an after dinner treat.  They definitely do not skimp on the toppings.

This place is perfect to get some flavorful vegetarian in, and it's served at a pretty good price.  I definitely have to come back and check out the salads.
Everything I have ever ordered here is AMAZING!!
I even turned my 'meat & potato's' husband onto this place who had lunch with me here  'just to please me'.
He now eats his lunch here EVERY Wednesday like clockwork!
We are both addicted! I adore the thai peanut bowl and hubby loves the mexicali burger. The garlic hummus is also YUMMY as is the No Harm Chicken Parm!!
My only gripe is that they dont have a 2nd location in North Scottsdale!!
(hint-hint!!)
I'm not vegan by lifestyle but I have allergies to dairy and chicken eggs so I eat quite a bit of vegan foods. Plus eating vegan dishes helps me eat more veggies which is always beneficial.

I just moved to Phoenix from the Bay Area 2 months ago, and I've eaten at Green 4 times already. The food is really tasty at Green, and they are very creative with the use of vegan cheese, mock meats, and desserts. Oh my their desserts are awesome! In fact, I went there once with a friend and she could not believe how good the Orangesicle soynami dessert was. She couldn't tell that there was no dairy in it which is an excellent sign.

The customer service is excellent and they are friendly, and very nice to explain dishes if you don't understand anything. I was curious what the mock meats were actually made of, and learned something new.

You can take non-vegans to Green and they will have plenty of things to eat and enjoy.
I came in skeptical and left a believer!

This place is great! I am not a vegan nor a vegitarian, so when my friend Dave suggested this for lunch I was concerned. 

After a bite of my mock chicken rice bowl with peanut sauce, I was all in. The lime aid is awesome too!

Don't confuse vegan for low calorie though!
MMM, I love their po-boys! Actually everything I've tried here I've liked. They have a fun little bookshelf thing full of vegan grocery items too, so you can get your vegan on while you're there and feeling inspired. My only quibbles would be that occasionally the staff seems like they may go kill themselves in the back of the store at any minute (though can you blame them? Serving jobs get old fast). But that's only once in awhile. Also it's easy to not feel hip enough to eat there, it exudes hipster vegan kid vibes, which can be intimidating. But the food is great and the prices reasonable, so really the rest of that stuff doesn't really matter! Go there, even meat eaters and non-vegans will like it, it might even convert some people!
I am always reading reviews on restaurants, stores, products, everything, so I thought I'd start writing some of my own since I go out to eat almost every day. 

I went to this restaurant for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back 4 times already! I never would have noticed it as it's tucked away in the corner of a small shopping center. Being a meat lover my entire life I was a little hesitant about trying anything with "mock" chicken, but was pleasantly surprised on how tasty it was. I've tried a few of the rice/noodle bowls (thai peanut is my favorite) and haven't been disappointed yet. The price is right (under $10), the staff is friendly and the food was at our table in less than 10 minutes. Highly recommended!
I'm a vegan and find it hard to eat out, but after discovering Green, I finally have a choice I can always rely on. The food is great and the service is very friendly. I recommend it to anyone--vegan or not!
For some odd reason I got a wild hair up my butt and wanted to try a vegetarian restaurant.  I still have no idea why.  My wife and I are not vegans or anything close to it, but I still wanted to try something new and exciting.  I wanted something close to home and Green was rated the best in my area so I figured what the heck.

The place looked exactly like what I expected.  I am totally preppy so my only words to describe it is "hippy".  The place was pretty packed with weird hippy people but everyone was very nice.  It wasn't really my scene but it didn't matter because I was there for the food and a new experience.

When my wife and I first entered the establishment we first waited for a hostess to seat us for a few seconds.  Then, after figuring out that it was probably a seat yourself type of place, we took a seat and waited for a waitress/waiter.  Most of the other tables had people looking over menus so we figured that a waitress/waiter took orders.  After a few minutes of sitting, we decided that we should probably go up to the counter and order.  Not that I had a problem with it, its just that it was very confusing.

Anyway, here is the rundown of what we ordered and my rating of it. 

* spicy buffalo wings - they didn't look like it, but they did have the texture and flavor of real wings....kinda.  The sauce was good and spicy but was very very salty.  The "ranch" was good too.  I would order this again.

* artichoke gratine - very good and pretty spicy - I would order again

* green burger - neither myself or my wife was a fan of this.

* diablo red bowl - I actually thought this was good.  Aside from it being very very very very salty, the dish was very flavorful and had a nice kick to it.  I ordered it with mock beef which somehow had the texture and flavor of beef.

All in all I thought this place was ok.  The staff is friendly, the food was ready quickly and the prices are reasonable.  My only real issue is with the food.  Since I don't have any issues eating meat, I would just assume go to a place that serves real meat.  This place goes through a lot of trouble to make food that tastes/looks/feels/smells like meat for a bunch of people that don't want to eat meat.  It is all very strange to me.

Although I probably won't be back unless I develop a severe allergy to meat and dairy, I would recommend it to people who want to try something different.  You probably won't find a better place to try out the vegan lifestyle and truly appreciate your carnivorous ways.
OK so this is my first review in a very long time, but I just can't keep quiet any longer. My husband is a big yelper but sometimes he does not tell the whole "truth".

So the other night, my Husband decided we should try something totally different and go "Green". I love trying new places, I was down for the challenge. As usual, I went onto to YELP and looked at reviews. They were pretty positive, so it was a go.

Well first of all I think people are just not honest. The ONLY reason to go to this restautant is if you are a vegan otherwise stay away. 

First of all, we walk in and it is chaos. A nice sign indicating please seat yourself or order at counter would be very helpful. So we look over the menu. I have to admit the idea of "mock" meat just does not sound good.

Now don't get me wrong I go vegetarian all the time at restaurants. I have to admit that Chelsea's Kitchen makes an excellent black bean burger. Anyways, we start off with mock chicken wings, I would be lieing if I did not tell you I think I might have vomited a little in my mouth. So gross. 

Next, we try some artichoke dip, that was actually good because it was semi normal. I order the veggie burger. I have eaten plenty of boca burgers in  my day, but this was just gross. WHen I order a veggie burger I don't need it to look like an actual burger patty. It was pink inside. Again, I could not even eat it, I thought I was going to be sick. If I wanted to get an actual burger, I would have gone to LGO and gotten a burger.

Needless to say, I will not be going back. Just riddle me this, if you don't eat me then why do you insist in making your food appear as meat??? I don't like tuna fish, and the last thing I would want is my steak to look and smell like tuna fish!!
YOU MUST EAT HERE!  Love THE Salad and my S'more Tsunami.  Well, it was my daughters, but still it was delicious.  Service was great.  I was totally impressed.
I like Green. Good food, relatively cheap, and a cozy atmosphere. I wish that it could be guilt free, but I'm willing to eat here again and again anyway. The mock-chicken is delicious. Who knew? And although I have not yet tried a Tsoynomi, I've been told by EVERYONE that they are marvelous. My friend had the Loco Coco (or was it Coco loco? I can't remember) and was moaning over its delicious factor the entire time she ate it. So yeah, I'm guessing it was more than good. 

Green is worth a try, even if you're not vegetarian/vegan. I'm pretty sure the mock-beef or mock-chicken could fool my "meat-a-tarian" dad...well, maybe not, but he'd probably still be pleased.
If your goal is to eat stuff, but avoid a place that serves meat, then this is your spot.  However, if you seek decent food that holds up to comparison with actual restaurants rather than your high school cafeteria, then you may be disappointed.  This is truly mediocre, yet totally veg, fare.
For vegetarian fare, these guys are tops in my books.  

I've always wanted to eat vegetarian because I knew it was healthy, but every vegetarian place I've been to (or every vegetarian recipe I've cooked, for that matter) has been very ... un-delicious.  

Green is one of the few places in the valley that I would jump at the chance to eat at with a friend.  I've had their Kung Pao with mock chicken and it rivaled well known Kung Pao with real ACTUAL chicken.  It was quite satisfying

It's decor is neo-hippie-weird -- but don't let that scare you.  It works with this place. 

And don't forget to ask about, save room for, and try a Tsoynami (a frozen ice-cream-blizzard-like treat).
I stumbled across Green in an effort to be a little more healthy in 2010. Tucked away in the corner of a very inauspicious strip mall off Scottsdale Road I can't say I was excited as I walked up to the front door. Luckily that all changes when you walk in where you are greeted with a vibrant atmosphere, really friendly staff and fantastic photographs adorning the walls.

I had a spicy bean burger with to die for thyme fries and I could have eaten the meal twice it was so good. Fresh and tasty is how I would best describe my food and my companions choice too. 

I was stuck in a bit of an East Valley rut last year going to the same old favorites but now I can add this terrific little restaurant to my list of regular haunts and I couldn't be happier about it.

Highly recommended.
This was my first time to a vegan restaurant, and it was a pretty good experience. I enjoyed my meal, and the service was quick and friendly. I had the special, something I don't think they serve everyday - Chicken Marsala. It was very tasty, and the pasta with marinara sauce was as well. The portion was a bit large for lunch, as was the price. Perfect for dinner, however. Other items more suitable for lunch were priced more appropriately. I will definitely go back to try out some of the other dishes.
Great Atmosphere... Great Service ... Great Food and Desert Menu !!! The People there were very nice, positive and happy ! 

I ordered ... 
Buffalo Wings - way too salty , I couldn't even finish them it was that much !! great texture though 
Peanut Thai Bowl - Very Good !!!! 
Pumpkin Pie TSoynami - Amazing 
Oatmeal Cream Pie - Very Good !!
The resturant has a nice ambiance and the food is pretty good...I'm not vegan, but I do try to make vegetarian choices as often as possible. I have to say though, I was pretty disappointed with the salad I had and the Po-Boy sandwhich with barbeque and mushrooms was just ok for me. I have heard from friends that the mexi-cali burger is good so I'm going to give it another shot! Their mock chicken is very good though I like the kung-pao bowl.
Mmmm... 
I finally made it to Green for lunch today.  I'd been once before but only had a drink - not sure why it took me so long to return.  But now that I've eaten there, I'll gladly return anytime!

I really enjoyed my Balsamic Picnic Salad.  (Toasted organic pecans, apples, strawberries and  figs over fresh greens tossed in a homemade 
balsamic syrup.) Delicious!  I went with the large version and ate it all!

I also shared an order of thyme fries although my lunch companion and I agreed that we couldn't taste the thyme...

I noticed there were a bunch of fun and unique vegan products for sale including some sweet treats that looked damn good.  Service was friendly and efficient (thanks Stevie).  I'll be back soon!
I'm generally not a big fan of the tree-huggy, veggie crowd, but this place wasn't bad at all. 

Aside from all of the 3rd grade level refrigerator "art" hanging on the walls, it was actually a decent restaurant and I would go back again. I don't remember exactly what I ordered (Its been about 2 months), but it had fried tofu in it I think. All I remember was that I was very nervous going in, but when I tasted the food, I was pleasantly surprised.

Oh yeah, and just for the record: bloody, red meat is not bad for you. Moldy, green meat is bad for you. :-)
I would say this is one of the best Vegetarian/Vegan restaurants I have been to in a while! Their mock meats are seasoned so well and the food is really healthy you feel good leaving there! Appetizer: Chili Fries...Yum! Entree: Kung Pao Chicken...Yummier! Dessert: Tsoynami with bananas, peanut butter, mallow...Yummiest!!!!! So good you must go!
My wife and I were at an environmental conference in phoenix last week. Would you believe an environmental conference didn't have vegetarian food options? So, we had to look elsewhere for dinner. We were glad we found Greens and likely will be back on our next trip to the desert. The place must be close to ASU after seeing a plethora of customers that certainly looked the college part.

After reading all of these reviews on the crabcakes, we had to try them and I'm not sure what the big whoop was all about. Ours appeared to be kind of burnt and maybe that was the problem but I didn't actually care for the filling either.

Being out of towners, we weren't quite sure how the place works. So, we were actually sitting at a table for several minutes before we realized we had to order at the register. 

For the entrees, we had trouble deciding and had to ask some helpful patrons while standing in line for some advice. We got the Drunken chicken and Thai Peanut. The Drunken Chicken was the better of the two dishes.
Had the shwarma chicken gyro with the curry pasta salad. It was delicious! Friendly staff, free WiFi, clean facility/restrooms, good price...what more could you ask for!

If you are the kind of person who puts ranch dressing on everything they eat, this probably isn't your place - I'm sure you will find a fast food place down the road where your mac-rib sandwich was mass produced out of a stamp machine.
I love this place.  Food is amazing and the folks who own it:::very cool.

If I lived in Tempe, i would eat here 3-4 times a week.  Anytime I visit AZ, I will eat here over and over and over .......
Good? Yes. Great? Perhaps, in time.  I'm just still missing Watercourse Foods in Denver, and it's hard not to compare.

The vegan wings here were ok, but nothing like other places I've had. We were hoping they'd be more like buffalo wings, but the sauce was far more Asianic.  

That said, everything we have ordered (dumplings, samosas, stir fries, sandwiches) has been good, just not quite outstanding.  I love their Thyme fries though -- delish.

Service was a bit slow, but I've learned that this is standard fare in vegan/veggie places, so it didn't bother us much. The people watching, plus artwork on the walls, made the time pass quickly, and the staff themselves were incredibly outgoing and friendly.

I definitely want to go back and try an Tsoynami -- they're just a little pricey.  Will have to wait till I'm really craving.

I love that they have lots of vegan items for sale; they have some hard to find things that lots of my vegan friends love. It's hard not to overspend.

I like their tea/limade/tamari drink options as well; can be fun if you mix them, and I love that their cups are compostable!

All in all, a great vegan spot to get something comforting, but can be a little pricey for a "quick service" style place.
Unapologetic vegan comfort food. Just plain yum! Sandwiches, Bowls, Soy-namis, I haven't tried a dud yet. Everyone who works there is incredibly friendly as well. 
I frequently find myself daydreaming about this place.
Although a huge fan of bloody food. I have to say, Green is really damn good. As a former cook at Spiral Diner, I always checked out veg joints in other states, and rarely liked any of it. Green is great. even the faux meat dishes, which are usually the least impressive. Keep up the good work.
green is great. im not even vegetarian and i like it. a lot.

the rice bowls . . . eh, i think i have had them once or twice.

my favorite is the argentine po-boy and the buffalo chicken wings are the bomb. 

great angle to try and attract non-veggies to eat vegan/veggie food. they have "normal," fried, "unhealthy" food. honestly, you wouldnt even know you are eating hippie food. 

and make sure you get a tsoynami for desert. its like a blizzard made with house-made soy ice cream. they have like 20 flavors (different combos of mix-ins, like). but you probably want to split one becasue they are pretty big and filling, esp after you eat some buffalo chicken wings, and share some salad and a sammich.

oh yeah, i tried the pesto pizza once before and wasnt too impressed.
This is the kind of Vegetarian food that makes me think I could never eat meat again.  Its delicious, flavorful and healthy.  I had the Balsamic Picnic Salad, a tasty combination of fresh dark greens, figs, strawberries and tart green apples.  We also had the Green Hummus and Artichoke Gratine.  Yum!  I can't wait to go back!  I think next time I will definitely have to try the Tsoynami...
Green keeps their vegan comfort food simple, and I'm going to do the same.

When I hear "Green," I think:
Best crab puffs ever, bar none.  Flavorful, filling vegan sandwiches, made only more comforting the vegan mayo.  Crispy thyme fries.  Fragrant, spicy Asian-inspired bowls with the most terrifyingly authentic mock meat I've ever tasted.  Overwhelming variety of unique, delicious drinks.

Does it cost a couple bucks more than your average hero or Chinese take-out?  Sure.  

Is it worth it?  Oh, yes. 

(This doesn't fit in anywhere, but: the decor is also super sweet, and there's a blonde waitress there who is my Style Idol...)
Oh Green Restaurant, how I love thee...

I tried Green restaurant for the first time about a year ago.  As a vegetarian who was starving for some good food, I picked up a Green menu one day (dont know where I got it) and starting salavating at the menu options.  Lots and lots of options.  

The first time I went I tried the po-boy sand.  It was good, but I wasnt too impressed as I could make something similar myself.  My daughter tried the crap puffs, and although she didnt like them (she's a true blue meat eater and knows the difference) I loved them.  Crisp, fried, deliciousness.  Their salads are delicious and their mock chicken anything is very good.  They even have chili fries- yummy!

Havent tried the soynami shakes.  I am always too full when I leave there to even think about dessert, but after reading the reviews I will have to try one now.
Green....how I love thee.  Green may be vegan/vegetarian, but I certainly wouldn't claim it to be 'health' food.  Green is located in a small run down strip mall adjacent to Kore Bicycles on the NW corner of Scottsdale Road and McKellips.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and without knowing of Green you probably wouldn't do a second take upon passing it, however the food here is no less than amazing!  

The decor is unique and fresh; 10-12 tables, a couch/lounge area, random artwork on the walls, painted quotes, lights hanging from the ceiling, and old painted car doors along one wall.  I've tried a random assortment of items from the menu and nothing has disappointed me...but by far my favorite is the BBQ 'Chicken' sandwich along with an appetizer of the spicy buffalo wings.  I believe the mock chicken Green uses is fungus based, Quorn perhaps (may not sound appetizing but it is freaking awesome).  I am not personally vegan, or even vegetarian for that matter but Green has me hooked.  I've 'forced' many of my meat eating friends to try Green and they have all become believers (if you could call sharing something so wonderful forcing).

Great prices, great dishes, unique/fun atmosphere, and great service!!!

 (On one Saturday evening around 6:30 my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some Green to go, the place had a line out the door and it took about 30-45 min to get our food.  We weren't even upset about the wait, just waited patiently for our delicous order and upon arrival the server gave us two free entree tickets for our next visit and apologized.  THIS is how you keep your customers coming back for MORE!)  Love this place so much!
I am not a vegetarian, but this place has great stuff! I love their mock chicken with peanut sauce, as well as their chocloate chip cookies. Definetely check them out!
The foods are kept simple there, the buffalo wings are great.  The first thing that came in my mind was "wow i can't believe this is not meat".  saw them at Devour too.  Amazing restaurant, im so glad we finally have an amazing vegan restaurant in the valley.
Ok, went and got the TSoynami blizzard... loved it!  It is made with soy so the ice cream has a little bit of a nutty flavor.  Went a safe route and got the cookies and cream made with Newman's Os.  It was delicious!  They have a whole menu (front and back) of blizzard flavors, and you can customize if you want.  Best of all, my 6 year old said it was better than Dairy Queen.  Yeah!!!
I was introduced to Green last December when they catered a Lucky Dog Rescue silent auction. I can still remember my first encounter - the buffalo wings and dipping sauce. I thought I heard someone mention that it was vegan. No, there's no way a chicken wing could be vegan. But then I heard it again- everything is vegan. You might say that I loaded up on those little buffalo wings, but who could blame me! There's a reason they've won awards... they're amazing! Next, I tried the mock chicken skewers that were smothered in green's original espresso barbecue sauce. I have to say that Green has really nailed the mock meat. The texture, flavor and taste are so authentic that sometimes I find myself second guessing the mock in the meat.

It's no surprise that off of their regular menu, my favorites are the buffalo chicken sandwich and the barbecue chicken sandwich. I also order a plate of the buffalo wings as an appetizer every time I stop in. Their pasta bowls are also really good, and their mock meatballs are pretty delicious. My only less than stellar experience at Green was when I ordered the Mexi-Cali burger. I'm not sure what the patty was made of, but it was red, and I wasn't really into the flavor. But the thyme shoe string fries rescued the meal and my tummy.

The lemon-aide and lime-aide are also delicious, and I would recommend giving them a shot if you're generally a cola-junkie.

One last tip would be to get there early on Saturday nights as they get pretty busy and you might be hard pressed to find an open table.
Green is really excellent food in many respects. Seriously good food.

But I have one bone to pick with the menu (is that a bad phrase to use for a vegetarian restaurant?): it needs more selections that truly celebrate the vegetable. Almost everything available is mock beef, fake chicken and faux pork. That's fine, I guess, especially for recent vegetarian meat-eaters who are missing some of the old textures and flavors. But for long-time veggies - and even for carnivores like me looking for variety - the menu could stand to have a few more dishes celebrating beans and mushrooms and soy and all the other incredible flora that are just fine being themselves and not pretending to be flesh.

It's better that way - and, let's face it, that veggie burger is never going to taste as good as the real burger if that's what you are really after.
Let me start off by informing you that I have been vegan for 15 years and have a couple of vegan kids. I am over all of the healthy vegan trendy foods. In my humble opinion, it takes a near act of God to make quinoa taste like food that a non-ancient Inca would enjoy. The same goes for acai, or as I like to call it "dirt fruit." Part of the reason that I choose to be vegan is health, but another part is because I enjoy eating good food. 

The reason that I give Green five stars is because they make tasty, straight forward vegan grub. It's not pretentious, nor does it get too adventurous for its own good. I don't live close by, but every time we come to spring training (What? A vegan baseball fan? I thought they were all hippies. Are you sure it isn't practice for burning man?) I make an effort to eat here. 

I'm used to having one or two choices from a menu, and it's always a little overwhelming to have so many choices. I asked the cashier what they recommended and she directed me to the item voted "best faux chicken sandwich in the US" by VegNews, the Secret BBQ Chicken. She did not steer me wrong- it was great. My 6 year old wanted the peanut sauce noodle bowl, but it was too spicy for his sensitive, young palate. When I told the woman up front (after avoiding the long, Saturday dinner line) she said that it was no problem, and gave us a No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich for my son, who loved it. I offered to pay and she refused. Right there, she made a customer for life. You should be too.

After all this, I didn't get one of the fantastic looking Soy-Nami deserts. What a mean dad.

I'm happy to see Green doing so well in a location that requires its diners to seek it out. Your mouth and your conscience will be satiated with every meal.
I haven't been to green in a while, since I moved further south, but today I was trying to think of a good lunch to treat myself to and remembered about Green and I'm so glad I did.

Note: I am not vegetarian or vegan or anything else.

The food here is just fantastic. I actually really love fake chicken and beef and contrary to what most omnivores think - this vegetarian food is neither bland nor tasteless. Actually it's the opposite, the curry and thai dishes are to die for. 

If you've never been here you're missing out. If you're not a vegetarian, I hope you'll give it a chance anyways, you may find that you like it better than some meat based dishes at other restaurants. Oh, and don't forget to try a Tsoynami while you're there, it's a soy milkshake with real fruit. Mango is my favorite.
Eating vegan felt so bad...but not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning good.

Seriously it is really nice to have a vegan option that is just straight comfort food.  The place is never too packed and is super casual.  You walk up and the hardest choice is what to try.  Don't worry you can't go wrong.  Every time we have gone the cashiers have been very helpful if you are still deciding between two options.

For food, I would recommend the BBQ po boy.  It comes with a little kick.  The fries are always good and come with a great ketchup.  I am not a big fan of the thai slaw, so I would definitely go with the fries.  I have also had the pizzas and they are always safe.  The veggie burger is good, but if mushy burgers freak you out, then go another direction.  I do wish is a was a bit more firm.

If you are looking for a ridiculous treat, grab a Soynami on the way out.  My fave is the mint chocolate version.  One small thing that I do hate though is they serve them with wooden spoons and I am a bit weird and HATE eating off a wooden spoon.  Am I weird?  The soynami is so good, I still do it though.

Finally I am happy to have this place in town.  I am always amazed that Phx does not have more dedicated veg/vegan places for as big as it is.  If you are a fan of That's a Wrap, then you will be satisfied here - same ownership.  

Another tip - Check out the t-shirts for sale.  I love my ninja deer on a bike shirt!
... Apologies, I was just daydreaming about the Green Burger.

If I could suggest to a meat-eater a place for them to experiment with eating like a veg, no doubt this would be the place.

If I could suggest to a veg a place to have a mouth-gasm, no doubt this would be the place.

Ok, now that we've gotten that out of the way, let's talk food. They have delicious salads, and was look like good personal-pan style pizzas. I'm a fan of the huge, size-of-your-face pizza slice persuasion, so I've never gone that route at Green.

Regardless, I would be willing to slap a $5 down on the table in front of someone at Green, and if they didn't like the food, they could take it and walk.

Their tofu/mock-chicken/mock-beef/mock-pork bowls are yum, yum, yum. I stick with the Singapore tofu, and it never fails to make my stomach smile.

And their tsoynamis are oh-so good. No, that's not a mistake, people. It's a soy Dairy-Queen-blizzard style cup full of sunshine. EVERY one I've tried has blown me away. Some I like better, but I can't judge. It's sweet. It's soy. It's goooood.

Sometimes when it's lunch time, or a busy Friday or Saturday night, this place can get packed. It's usually full of the hipster and indie kinds of people, but, that shouldn't in any way make you not want to eat there, especially if you don't look this way. Eff all of that, go for the food if nothing else.

Service is always spot on, and they're always keen to help you decide or answer questions.

If you want a good, entertaining view of all the fixie-riders (there's a bike shop next door, no lies!), albeit simply amazing food, I'm going to say go here.

P.s. The ladies bathroom has a cool piece of artwork hanging on the wall and an even cooler faucet fixture for the sink.
P.p.s. The artwork in this place is beyond bitchin'.
I have been vegan for almost 2 months and I am so thankful that I live close to Green! I first discovered Teese Cheese there, which they use in some of their dishes. Teese mozzarella tastes and melts just like the real thing! They sell it by the register to-go. We use the Teese all the time for pizzas and pasta dishes at home. I love their poblano hummus and pita chips for an appetizer. I absolutely adore their mock chicken; it is purse heaven. Their greenza pizza is fabulous, as is their kung pao mock chicken bowl.
Green was a breath of fresh air while I was visiting my sister in Phoenix, being a Seattlite and all. I was afraid I'd have a difficult time finding a vegetaraian friendly- let alone- vegetarian restaurant in a town that is chock-full of fast-food chains. 
The Phoenix-area has come a long way! 

I had the Coconut Curry rice bowl which was pretty good and a bite of my friends "Chicken" Parm, which was also tasty. But I have to say, the Spicy Buffalo "wings" are what stole my heart! 

I was a bit disappointed the menu was quite limited. I am allergic to nuts and there were a lot of dishes with nuts and I am also gluten-free, so I felt limited. I didn't eat a lot of comfort foods prior to becoming vegetarian like "chili fries" and "burgers" so I can understand some cynicism of Green gravitating toward these menu options.
Really good food, super casual and really friendly. I have tasted most dishes on the menu and although I have a favorite I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.
I totally loved the lunch I had there.  As a traditional omnivore, I put them through a hard test for a vegan place to pass: hamburger, fries, and milkshake. 

It was awesome. They passed with flying colors, and I would totally eat there again.  Maybe tomorrow, in fact....
Tasty dinner!  Best bet is to go with the crispy tofu, even if you are normally a meat-eater, and fake "chicken" will distract from how great the rest of the food is!  Loses a star for service.  We'll be back.
First things first....I love meat! I will never become a vegan or a vegetarian. But I am not going to turn my nose to a restaurant that serves Vegan/Vegetarian options only. 

I loved the cool ambiance that Green offers. The staff is super friendly and gave me some great options since I explained my lack of vegan knowledge. I ended up ordering the mock fish and chips. Not my smartest decision. I have to remember never to order anything with the work mock in it. It doesn't mock the real thing, I don't care what they say. 

I did enjoy the fries and their artichoke dip was amazing. I even took home a very tasty cupcake. 

I would come back and try something a little more reasonable, like a salad or noodles.
This is the kind of place that could turn a carnivore into a vegetarian.  I have always been very resistant to soy products and any form of faux meat.  It just always seemed so gross to me.  Due to a recent change in my lifestyle to be healthier, I have looked into healthier alternatives including what I used to turn my nose up at.  We saw a demonstration at Devoured by Chef Damon where he turned some of the weirdest ingredients (to me) into a beautiful yummy dish.  I had to see what else he had to offer.

First of all, the place is nothing like I expected.  I'm not sure why, but I was expecting something along the lines of True Food Kitchen.  Instead, it felt like a mess hall at some weird Liberal Arts school, and I say all that in a good way.  It's an order and pay at the counter then wait for your food at a table ordeal, which normally is fine by me.  Unfortunately the girl who had our food never bothered to call out the name we gave and instead walked around casually asking people who she thought might have ordered our dishes if it was theirs.  Finally she made her way to us after about five minutes.  That was annoying.

Forget about that though, because the food is good enough to make up for that little mishap.  (Other staff members seemed to call out names perfectly fine, just not that one.)  I ordered the Drunken Mushroom Chicken and grabbed an Oogave soda out of the cooler for my dinner.  The soda was great, and you can buy them at Sprouts, awesome.  The "Chicken" was expertly crafted with a texture almost identical to chicken and a taste just as close.  The breading around it was yummy, slightly crunchy, and a tiny bit sweet.  My bowl was packed full of delicious fresh veggies and loads of mushrooms.  There was also a generous helping of rice noodles buried in there too.  It was all fantastic, and I would eat it every night if I could.

i will most certainly be back to Green to try everything else on their menu.  Everything looks so good!  When it's actually good for you too, you just can't resist!
FAVORITE! This place is such a gem. Every time i  travel to the PHX area I make sure to stop here. Anything I've ever had was amazing and filling. The staff is pleasant and the owner is super nice. Hope they come to Tucson soon!
As a vegetarian for almost 20 years, it was refreshing to find Green.   It's great to be able to enjoy a BBQ pulled pork sandwich or crab puffs... without having to sacrifice an animal.  More restaurants now are becoming vegetarian friendly, but there is something to be said about not having to choose between a salad and a Portobello burger, I can eat everything on the menu!   My absolute favorites are the thyme fries, Texas "Moo-shroom" Po-boy , and the orccietta pasta.  The food is tasty, but the atmosphere reminds me of a local dive bar.  I have only eaten in the restaurant twice; it's kind of an "artsy" place and not really my style.  I order takeout regularly though, the service is great and the cashier is always super friendly.  My boyfriend is a meat eater, and enjoys their food, he actually suggests it!   I recommend substituting Green for your next trip to Chili's and see what you think. I think you will be pleased, especially as a vegetarian or vegan.
Just had lunch at Green with Brady K.  Given the fact that this is a vegetarian restaurant, they don't serve meat. (No shit, right!)  Anyway, I was absolutely amazed at how this place prepares food like chicken wings that aren't really chicken.

Brady K. had the green burger and he loved it.  I had the BBQ Po-Boy and it was awesome.  I'm still trying to figure out what was in this sandwich.  It looked like pork.  It tasted like pork.  But it wasn't pork!  This is killing me!  The pasta salad on the side was also really good with just the right amout of curry seasoning.  If all vegetarian food was this good, we'd see a lot more vegetarians and lot less spare tires.
3/17/10

I know it's been awhile since I was last here, although not quite as long as sixteen months!  I see that the decor has changed yet again-- last time major add I knew of was the painted poetry on the wall next to the restroom.  There are now car door cutouts-as-art lining two walls near the front of the resto, along w/ a couch, or two.  Eclectic, and a nice add to the vibe that Green already exudes.  

Tried the crab puffs again (it's been awhile since I last had them).  Wished I didn't.  Don't know if it's the ingredients in the vegan cream cheese (it contains corn/derivatives), or the fact that they're deep-fried (not all fried items make me queasy after), or both, but I'm not going to order these again.  I should've just thrown them away, but the crunchiness of the wonton (have I mentioned that I love crunchy-munchy foods?) and the cost of this app, $4 (or $1 a pop), made me plow on.  Never again.

The original "g" spicy po-boy made me forget my disappointment, however, as I crunched through the scrumptious mock chicken and its lovely and indeed spicy buffalo sauce!  Three battered buffalo mock chicken patties nestled between tomato slices, arugula, and Green's amazing vegan mayo on a toasted vegan hoagie roll, along w/ a side of thyme fries... Mmm... a must-try!

Seeing others enjoying their tsoynami sundaes made me want to get one myself, so after some deliberation, I decided on one of the daily specials- Death by Chocolate: vanilla soy ice cream w/ vegan brownie chunks, Newman's Own chocolate wafer crumbles, and vegan chocolate syrup.  Undeniably choco-licious, but something was amiss... I believe I was wishing for a colder sensation that regular ice cream offers and that soy ice cream cannot deliver.  It wasn't a warm day, and the tsoynami sundae that was delivered to me already had that sheen that regular ice cream develops when it's allowed to sit around and melt.  Don't get me wrong- it's the combination of cold/ solid and slightly melted and slippery that makes a frozen dessert a success for me, but tsoynamis generally make me wish I'd saved the calories and visit a gelateria, instead.  Which, as a non-vegan, I will.  Next time.  

While the app and dessert left me wishing I didn't indulge, the "g" spicy po-boy indubitably made my tastebuds sing.  I'll just have to stick w/ the artichoke gratine and say sayonara to tsoynami in the future.  Don't the photos look divine, though?
This place is great for mock meat lovers! If you're a carnivore like me you'll still love this place. They serve burgers, noodle bowls, salads, etc. This place has it all.
Like many others, here is my disclaimer.

I am not a vegan nor am I a vegetarian but I do enjoy vegetarian foods from time to time.  I had the classic flatbread pizza. I wouldn't get it again. The bread was soggy and the cheese (if you can call it that) left something to be desired.

Not sure I will be back but I was eying the menu of wonder "DQ Blizzard-like" treats.
This place kicks ass.  I'm a huge fan of non-hippie vegetarian food.  I hate the idea that you have to just eat veggies all the time.  With the advances we made in soy products, it is nice to see someone really going to town with quality ingredients.

So I ordered the buffalo chicken po-boy.  SOOO good.  Plus it came with fries.  Can't hate fries.  It's really hard to describe the texture of the sammie but it was exactly what I expected and it was brilliant.  I literally can't wait to go back.  I think I ask my wife every weekend if we can go.  It's so good.
Oh gosh.  SO GOOD.  I've never gotten something here that wasn't delicious.  If it were legal for me to marry the Original G buffalo wing po-boy, I probably would. Their Green Burger approximates the taste of a fast food burger, something I haven't had in probably 15 years, in a way I never thought possible.  The tsoynamis are the perfect treat for a hot day.

And EVERYTHING is vegan.  EVERYTHING.  It's so lovely to be able to walk into a restaurant and order anything on the menu instead of scanning it for the 2 or 3 things you can actually eat.

Come here, and bring your friends.  Tell everyone you know.
Oh Green, why did it take me so long to try you?
I came here with a very picky vegan friend and we both left very satisfied. We had the hot wings, peanut tofu and the curry bowl with tofu and brown rice. Everthing was Yum! Everything was so tasty I didn't even reach for the siracha, and I do believe that is the best compliment I can give, because I LOVE siracha! I also had the lavender soda which was a great change of pace from other sodas out there. Green my only request is: Please come to CenPho!!!!
"Wait, we're in Arizona?"
" No seriously, this is Arizona?"
I had to keep blinking cause I could've sworn we were still in the East Bay last Friday night as we waited for our faux meat meals to arrive at our table. 

My hubster and I were visiting his mom for the first time since she had moved to Phoenix and admittedly, neither of us were too stoked on the visit. We totally wanted to see her but as for Phoenix?? Anyways... she knew what she was doing by taking us straight from the airport to Green. 

I LOVED EVERYTHING. From our appetizers (hummus + fries) to my entree- I had the chicken curry noodle bowl, to my beverage- a suicide mixture of their house green tea and house limeade (YUM) to my soy ice cream treat (I had the mint with paul newman oreos!) which I scarfed down after being totally stuffed. This place is ridiculously good. And reasonably priced. And fresh. And not stuffy or pretentious in anyway. Basically, this would be our new steady if we lived anywhere near... Tempe. Which fortunately we do not, but I have to say, you Arizonians sure are stoked to have a place like Green.
And now we have a reason to look forward to returning to AZ!! :D
I go for the soynomi and the fries thats about it.  My friend is a vegan and she tell me to try the best stuff on the menu.  So far I had one sandwich with fake chicken with BBQ that was pretty good.  

However, everything else just made me want to go get chipotle.  This place just is not for me.  

This place is good for vegans and non vegans that want to try it and decide for themselves, but mostly just vegans. 

I will give it 3 stars for me and 4 for the vegans, according to a lot of the veggie mites its one of the best places to go.

Recommendation: Vegans and people who like soy ice cream, but nothing to go out of your way to get.
My favorite restaurant. Everything is delicious and there are many choices. Top any meal off with a specialty ice cream and you are set. Non vegetarians i have invited are surprised and satisfied.
Cute, casual cafe. Good food, though they forgot to bring me my soy ice cream at the end of my meal. Interesting car parts on the wall.
Probably my favorite restaurant in phoenix- it's always the first place that comes to mind when deciding on somewhere to eat... I love their original "g" sandwich- it's the best menu item I've tried so far. Some other favorite dishes of mine are the kung pao, diablo red or thai peanut bowls. Everyone I've ever taken to this place is crazy about the tsoynamis and thyme fries. Anyone - vegetarian or not- will enjoy the food here .
Love. This. Place.

Maybe it's because vegetarians are high and dry in the desert to find someplace to eat.

But I really think the food is good. I've had the green burger, thyme fries, curry pasta salad, several of the bowls, 4 different kinds of tsoynamis, a peanut butter chocolate bar, a strawberry milkshake, and a mooshroom po' boy. All good.

The po' boy was a little hard to eat - very messy, but tasty nonetheless (it's supposed to be messy, right?). The burger is a reddish color (they must use beet juice) and tastes like grains and savoriness and is texturally soft and pleasing, on a nice big bun with all the right fixins. Thyme fries could use a little more thyme, but the fries themselves were quite good. Tsoynamis and milkshakes are AMAZING. Bowls with noodles and fried tofu are great. Thai peanut = win.

It has a nice, diverse menu - can't wait to try out some of the appetizers :)

One thing I didn't like was that there was a lot of "fake meat" on the menu - fake chicken, fake beef, etc. I'm not into the fake meat so much, give me something homemade or tofu any day. Fortunately, there was plenty of that too, and some people like fake meat, so who am I to judge?

Star for really friendly staff, star for delicious ice cream, star for fabulous mostly-from-scratch vegan food, star for having so many things to choose from, and star for carrying Maine root beer!!! AAAH MY FAVORITE!
Not the healthiest food, even if it's vegetarian.  Also portions are small, so you still are hungry after eating a bowl.

Finally, the hours suck.  Went there on a Saturday night at 9pm, closed. Are you kidding me? 

I prefer Chipotle or other places for my veggie fix.
I know what I like and it does not often take me long to make up my mind on a menu, however I spent over 8 min decided and could have spent more.

The reason, so many tempting items, I usually just t need to decide between the fish or veggie dish, but here every dish is a veggie dish.

We started our meal with fake crab puffs and samosas.  The crab puffs were great, crispy garlicky and for having no cheese egg or crab lacked nothing. The plate of puffs came with a thimble of sweet dipping sauce, and there were 5 puffs for $3.
 The plate of 3 samaos for $4 were not as impressive, there was too much cumin giving it a cinnamon taste, the warper was crisp and not greasy.

For my meal I went with the Thai peanut mock beef with brown rice. $7.50 I was happy to have brown rice as a standard option. The bowl while small had fresh crisp veggies, the sauce was a bit weak but the mock beef was interesting in flavor and texture.

It is order at the counter and they bring it to you style, they have a stage   so it may not be a great for a intimate chat. there is some couch and patio seating.

For drinks there is fountain and new age soda options.

If you are a veggie or follow similar dietary restrictions (halal kosher vegan budist monk etc..) give this place a try
Love this place! Since becoming vegetarian I've missed chicken wings; Green has a tasty, vegan alternative! For an appetizer, Chili Fries are tasty too!

I've had the No Harm Chicken Parm and the "Meatball Po-Boy; both were pretty good, but the Thai Peanut Bowl is my favorite.
Carnivores and junk-foodies, don't be put off when your crunchy granola friends want to drag you to Green. This fare may be vegan, but it doesn't look it, taste it, or is healthy for you at all. Don't get me wrong: it is completely, totally, and utterly delicious. Their fries were far superior to many traditional burger joints'. But... they're still FRENCH FRIES, people. The jerk tofu salad was impressively spicy, but laden in too-many FRIED won ton strips and chunks of FRIED tofu. Do you see the theme? No wonder my SO nodded enthusiastically throughout the whole meal and offered to come back any time. 

I had the G po-boy, buffalo "chicken" on a big spongy roll, dripping and oozing in spicy sauce and vegan mayo. The fake meat they use is really, really, really authentic. Like, so authentic, I'm not going to get it next time because I really don't like meat in the first place, hence my vegetarianism. Stringy fibers in my fake chicken grosses me out as much as the stringy fibers in real chicken. The sandwich was tasty -- the bread surprisingly excellent -- but greasy. 

So yeah. Two hesitant thumbs up. I'll definitely go again, although I'll have to dig a little deeper on the menu to find something not quite so artery hardening.
I've eaten a huge percentage of the food on Green's menu and I love it all. If nothing else, come here to try the Soynami's (vegan Blizzards). I'm not a fan of rice or soy ice cream but this stuff is amazingly good.

The bowl meals are packed with great fresh vegetables. I mostly eat whole foods and don't consider the fake meats to be especially healthful, but I love to eat the fake meat here once in a while for the texture. It's so good. It's not exactly like the real thing, but it doesn't need to be. It's delicious as it is. 

There is always a huge variety of people eating here all the time. It's always packed, always hard to get a table. Good for Green Restaurant!

Atmosphere: The restaurant is made with green materials. Every time we go they are showing the work of a different artist. It's college-indie and casual.

The employees don't act super enthusiastic, but they're decent and polite and do a good job. I love the humor of whoever it is that writes up the food specials on the chalkboard. 

BTW, you can get vegan whipped cream here and it's SO GOOD!   :)
After all of the glowing reviews I read about this place I figured it would be the end all to good veggie/vegan food here in the valley!  Either my expectations were too high or Green just doesn't suit me...  

The location is a lttle hidden but after driving up and down Scottsdale Road only twice we located it at the end of the strip mall.  

Walking in the word that came to mind was "kitschy."  Cute, creative and not over the top.  Smelled good!  Staff was OK... We were both hesitant with the menu since neither of us had previously been there before and the girl behind the counter seemed to be a little impatient... certainly not rude but just not overly helpful.

I had the buffalo "chicken" po boy and the tyme fries.  It was OK... nothing fabulous.  Very messy... (who puts halfed cherry tomatoes on a sandwich???? they're just gonna pop out when you eat it!)  Apparently the cook had no time to add the tyme on the fries or salt for that matter... they were crispy and hot though so that's a plus.  

My friend had the mexicali burger and coleslaw.  The burger had good flavor but way mushy and it was just the patty, sauce and bread... could definitely been improved by some lettuce to add a little crunch.  The slaw was bland... but once she added a little siracha to it was much better!   

We did share a oatmeal cookie sandwhich which was very yummy.

I am curious about some of the other menu items so I will try it again.... just won't rush out to do it...
everything is very good. i always enjoy coming here. soynami's are super delicious as well.
I'm not vegetarian or vegan myself, but I can definitely appreciate what a restaurant like Green can dish up to entice even the staunchest meat lover. In reality, everything on the menu looked amazing - fresh ingredients, inventive dishes, and always healthy. I decided to order the "Moo-shroom BBQ Po-Boy" sandwich, which consisted of sliced portobello slathered in sweet and tasty barbeque sauce. It came with a side of house cole slaw made with a hint of peanut butter to enhance the flavor. Both were VERY good.

Green doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is an entirely different story. All of the walls are covered with really cool recycled art i.e. old, painted VW hubcaps, menus cut up and made to look like birds flying through plastic grocery bag clouds, etc. You really just have to see it. The bottom line is, you get a strong vibe of responsibility for what you put into your body as well as the greater environment. 

I'm looking forward to visiting Green again the next time I'm in the Tempe area.
So maybe Im the wrong person to review a vegan resteraunt, but hey I like to try it every now and again and expand my horizons.....besides I was next door getting my bike worked on and it was close....

We ordered three entrees (which was waaaay too much but hey it all sounded and smelled great so why not?)

All of our meals were okay...but seemed to be one of three things;

So sweet and sticky that it gave me a sugar high like a spent the past three hours watching cartoons and eating a box of fruity pebbles (Mock Chicken BBQ)

Ridiculously Spicy.....(I usually love spicy food and have a high pain threshold for spices but this was ridiculous)....It was like eating a river of peanut flavored magma in noodle shapes in theory delicious but not with whatever spice they decided to 'pep it up with'.....(Peanut Chicken Noodle Bowl)

Salty....Like if my tongue was swimming in the dead sea......with more salt (Waitress Pick I think it was some form of mock Hamgurger?)

Im giving you a 4 as I recognize Vegans have limited choices, it was our first time, and Im not really used to tthe vegan menu but for me I will try another day maybe some different choices.....

Pricing was good, atmosphere was tacky but somehow charming......we will try it again.
I stopped in with a friend after reading about how awesome this place was. Upon entering, I noticed another good friend of mine sitting at a table, waiting for the lunch he had ordered. He had been waiting for 15 minutes for his sandwich, and it took another 10 for it to arrive. Not a good sign! 25 minutes for a sandwich! They were busy..but he didn't order anything crazy. 

It was hot inside. The first thing I notice when I walk into a building, is how comfortable the temperature is. Green made me sweat.

I ordered an iced latte which was amazing. To eat, I ordered the coconut curry with chikn. The buddy I brought along, ordered the same thing, but with crispy tofu. It took about 20 minutes for our food to be brought to our table..The potatoes in this dish were perfectly cooked, and tasty. Everything else in my bowl was mediocre...and actually kind of bland. The friend we ran into said Green's menu items are hit or miss. I will give it another try someday.
The place has a nice little vibe going on and they have some unique items but the reason the rating is so low is that there really aren't a lot of options that don't involve faux meat.  Aren't these people vegan?  Don't they hate the idea of poor little animals being our food (even though that is the only reason they are alive)?  Then why so much FAKE MEAT?!  

I will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have.  I go to a place like this to get a dish that uses vegetables in more creative ways, not to get some overly processed soy products that aren't nearly as healthy as fresh lean meats like chicken and fish.  FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.  

Another negative is nearly everything is fried.  Guess they bust the myth that people are vegan because it is healthier.  Frying things is the cheap way out of actually creating a healthy AND tasty meal.  

I'll give them a 2.5 star because what we chose was quite tasty.  But with nearly every option involving faux meat and tofu it really is a disappointment.  If you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or Ethiopian places.  They are very creative and using spices to flavor a vegetable dish. The fake cheeses and meats are for Vegans with meat envy, not for Omnivores that just want a good meal.  Keep your expectations in check and you should be okay.
nirvana for quirky diets. homemade tsoynami dessert, buffalo chicken wings. put on your flower shirt and that dreads wig your brother brought you from bahamas and just go.

--staff knows every ingredient of every dish. haven for allergy prone or those just making quirky choices (sorry, vee-jees. i just don't get it)
--get one of those cookies under glass at the counter. thank me later.
--order the tsunami dessert special. i could almost hear my mom's ice cream maker grinding in the background.
--what every indie coffee bar SHOULD be: serving healthy food made from freshly prepared ingredients.
--keeps your palate on its toes at all the flavor substitutions. bloody brilliant!

eating these buffalo "chicken" pieces reminds me of the absolute CRAP that other places are calling meat right now, and I realize i'm WAY safer right now.

thanks for the compliment on my "chops". anywhere else i would have just got a frown a squint, and an unspoken "geez. get a haircut, you slob!" don't worry, I went immediately to the salon and they're back where they should be.

[prejudiced, judgmental observation and affirmation]
to whit: i do respect your-all's choice to not eat meat. I really do! i also respect you for being just damn GENIUS intelligent. but you don't have to make this choice to earn my respect. proof in the recent majority of "FATTY, "ANTIBIOTIC-PUMPED-TO-KEEP-ME-ALIVE, STOOD-IN-MY-OWN-POOP-'TILL-THEY-SLAUGHTERED-ME" _FEED LOT_ "MEAT". WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS COUNTRY'S MEAT???!!!" i will still love ya just the same if you will join me at Morton's.
[/prejudiced, judgmental observation and affirmation]
The food is good. The reason for 3 stars is because I'm OK with a vegan meal... but this fake meat stuff is a bit strange and vegan meals are NOT always healthy. The dip that we shared turned out to be very fatty.
 
I agree with the other reviews that state that if you're going to be a vegan stop having so much meat envy. Why this fake meat? Just eat tofu and alot of vegetables. 

Overall the food was good and the atmosphere is quirky but I was really disappointed that the vegan meal we had wasn't as healthy as I thought it woul be.
First vegan place I've found in the area, and this was suggested to by a friend who's been a vegan for quite some time, so to her, fake meat can't be compared to real meat. I however, still eat a steak every now and then, and the fake meat here is pretty good. It's more americanized vegan food, which I've usually only eaten asian vegan. I had the chicken salad with miso dressing which was really tasty and a small bowl was plenty for me. She had the mexicali burger which came with fruit and we shared chili fries. Although I find it to be slightly overpriced, it was still tasty and I will probably come back. My boyfriend likes vegan places too even though he still eats meat, so I'll see if it gets his approval as well
Yum. Yum. Yum.

This place rocks the party.  I've been living in LA for about 6 years so you know that when I come home to visit my family I feel like I am short on vegetarian options.  This place delivers with the bombass veg food.  Everything I've tried is great.  I have brought some meat eaters here and even they were impressed by the wonders of this place.

I would recommend the artichoke dip to start and maybe the Texas po-boy.  The picnic salad is great too.  The large size is plenty for 2 to share.  I haven't had the pleasure of a Soynami, but one day, if I'm lucky, I will have the pleasure.

This place is great, but limited seating.  We went during a busy lunchtime and waited for a long time after ordering at the counter.
Last time I was here I had the bbq pizza with mock chicken and it was amazing because I have been crazing pizza like crazy. I've also had their noodle bowls with mock chicken and they were yum yum. I don't usually love fries either but here they are just so good. 

I also tried the soy ice-cream the last time I went and I fell in love. I definitely recommend you try it. 

They also have a small little market by the cash wrap with cheese less mac n' cheese, vegan chocolate bars and other sweet things I haven't found at other stores. 

I also like the laid back earthy atmosphere and the people that eat here are pretty cool too.

Only reason it's not 5 stars is because it's a little expensive. But it's worth it on occasion.
I visited this place in January while I was in Phoenix and I miss the food! My vegan friend suggested this place to me and my other friend (we were skeptical that vegan food could taste good)...she proved us wrong!

The food here was delicious, I'd eat here regularly if I lived in Phoenix! When we arrived, we were worried about the hours since we got there pretty close to closing time, but they were cool! We shared the samosas and buffalo wings for appetizers. I ordered the Thai Peanut bowl with mock chicken and noodles for my entree. I felt like everything was flavored well and while I enjoy meat normally, this opened my mind to trying other vegetarian places in the future. I liked the ambiance here, great place to grab a bite with friends and chill. It was the perfect place to stop by after a busy weekend! I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
Green is my favorite restaurant ever.  Price, quality, service, taste.  I recommend it to anyone (omnivores, vegetarians, or vegans alike) to stop by if they're anywhere near the area.

I usually have the no harm chicken parm, which is delicious.  I think I've tried about half of the sandwiches on the menu and while they are all tasty, none compare to the no harm.  From the appetizers, I've had the crab cakes, which are interesting, but I wouldn't feel compelled to order them regularly.  I've also had the artichoke dip, which i think is fantastic.  I've had a number of the soynamis as well and they are a wonderful treat.  Pick from the already creative menu or create your own.

My girlfriend went to Phoenix last month and brought back a no harm chicken parm on the plane for me.  It was the best surprise!
I've eaten here three times now, and really enjoyed each meal. My husband and I each twice had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (vegan mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in espresso BBQ sauce with vegan mayo, $8). I most recently enjoyed the "Argentine" po-boy (strips of seitan mock steak sauteed with caramelized peppers and onions, vegan mayo and a spicy chimichuri sauce, $8). I usually get fresh fruit as a side to my sandwiches; my husband gets fries. Their fair-trade green tea is also very good. Whole grain rolls would be the only improvement I would suggest for the sandwiches.

The decor is early college student, but we'll continue to return for the delicious vegan food.
I love Green because it's just a short bike ride away from my apartment. During the afternoon it seems like it's always busy, sometimes too busy and I take the food to go. Now I'm not a vegetarian but I do love vegetarian food. The bowls are so tasty, I usually get the peanut thai or the mongolian. I've tried all the mock meats and my favorite is the mock beef. My favorite part of Green is the tsoynami's!! I always get the Soy Captain which has fresh strawberries and Captain Crunch Cereal. The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere always has a positive buzz.
Hands down the best mock-chicken that I've ever had.  While it's near impossible to get the texture of chicken in a vegetarian option (and this was no exception) the flavor was spot-on.  Just delicious.

The entree I had was the Sweet and Sour "Chicken" with the pan fried noodles.  Service was quick (a necessity for lunch) and courteous, and the prices were very good.  I also enjoyed the iced green tea and the organic lemonade.

My colleague had a salad and he felt it had way too much dressing on it, so a word to the wise that you may want to order your dressing on the side.
Mention any sort of Kung Pao, and this vegetarian begins to shake and quiver. I tried the Green version with the crispy tofu, and found it delectable. Spicy yet not overpowering and the tofu lived up to its description. 

The wife got a jerk salad that was also very tasty. The servings are quite good for the price and the atmosphere is excellent. Good for people watching. Green reminds me more of a restaurant from Seattle or Portland, which is a nice touch in this never-ending drive of TGI McFunsters.
Great restaurant!  The Tsoynamis are delicious and the mock-chicken is the best I've ever had.   I'd recommend a rice or noodle bowl of some sort - I love the sweet n sour one.  I've had the burgers and pizzas before and I don't think they are as tasty - fake cheese just doesn't cut it sometimes.  But the noodle or rice bowls are worth coming back for over and over again.

Local art on the walls and counter-style service really make it a great place to meet for lunch or dinner.
This place is yumm-o!  Totally vegan with very tasty meat alternatives.  I see that a few people said that it's "greasy" and "fattening."  Well, it depends on what you order, first of all.  Also, vegans never said that they don't have fattening foods sometimes.  This restaurant would be considered a TREAT (kinda like when non-vegans go to Red Robin or a steakhouse as a treat).  The food is priced right, tastes great, and it's a cool way to get your friends to try vegan stuff the non-scary way :).   Try the crab puffs, no harm chicken parm, mushroom with mock chx and veggie bowl, and the oatmeal cream pies...those are all my favs!
I love everything about this place except the long drive from my house. If they opened a CenPho location I would be in heaven. However, it is always well worth the drive. So where do I start? I normally stick to one or two things on the menu at most restaurants, but this place has so many good ones I bounce around. First, salads - I'm currently obsessed with the Spicy Peanut "chicken" salad, but also love the Green salad..simple light and tasty.  Sandwiches - Spicy Po Boy....love it.  Bowls - Kung Pao is my favorite. I also like the spicy peanut bowl.  They are actually both very similar though so either is great. Pizza - the Western..delish! And probably the best part of Green....the Soynami. I've had several and all are amazing and better than any other soft serve option I was throwing down my gullet before I began Vegan. Sometimes they even have a wedding cake soynami.  If you ever see this on the menu get it! Oh and how could I forget the apps....hummus and "wings" are my favorite. This place is very reasonably priced too.  We can get an app, two meals, and a soynami for about $25 bucks.

The staff is always super nice and friendly. Service is always fast too. The atmosphere is pretty funky and cool although you might not see this from the outside. Just go inside - you'll be fine.

We've also been there for 4th of July and Thanksgiving and both were awesome. Everyone thinks vegans eat badly at Thanksgiving with no dead bird and all, but I couldn't imagine anyone not loving Green's Thanksgiving meals. 

Go there and enjoy!
This place is SOLID!  I love the barbecue sandwich...I brought my husband and he didn't even know it was mock chicken.  The french fries are perfectly seasoned and slightly crispy.  The tsoynami's are the real attraction for me.  Aside from the flavor combinations they suggest on the separate tsoynami menu, you can create your own concoction.  Good stuff!  Another one of my favorites in their cole slaw with tahini.  It has good flavor and a slightly crunchy texture.  It is very fresh.

Aside from the good food, the service staff is wonderful.  They are welcoming and helpful.  Most refreshingly, they are totally unpretentious.  

For awhile I was eating at Green 2 times a week because it is so good.  But then the budget fairy intervened and reminded me I can't afford to do that ad infinitum, so I treat myself as often as I can to this hip, delicious culinary experience.
I love going to green.  Today I went alone to get my fix and ate on the patio.  I had my favorite item on the menu...the Green Buger.  Always tasty and delicious.  The thyme fries are also wonderful.  My only complaint is they switched the teas and did not have the tamarindo tea today.  I tried the new one and it was too sweet like fruit punch.  Any person should try green vegan, vegeterian or not.
This just in, Central Phoenix is getting a Green Restaurant where the old That's a Wrap location is.  Finally a great vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix.

I had the delicious Green Burger at the Scottsdale location.  I don't know what they put in that burger but it satisfied my carnivore side.  There were many options for my side dish.  I had fresh fruit.  I have gone vegetarian two times.  Each time lasted about a year.  I just like the feeling of eating good food and not ending up a bloated beached whale.  Even after I shared a Chocolate Monsoon Soynami for dessert I could still walk out the door feeling good about what I put into my body.  The Soynamies rock by the way.  If a DQ Blizzard and a Soynami got in a taste test fight the Soynami would kick ass and take no prisoners.

Check out Green, even if you eat meat.  The food is excellent and good for you.  Go eat.
It's so hard to find good healthy restaurants.  I'll be coming back a lot!
BEST VEGAN COMFORT FOOD -try the sweet potato puffs

Green is a haven for vegheads who are looking for some comfort food.  With stellar sandwiches like the G-spicy po'boy and the Secret BBQ chi'kn sandwich, Green disproves the notion that vegan food is rabbit-food.  
Don't be shy here, the staff is generally very friendly and happy to suggest their favorites.  I've found that the staff is happy to oblige simple requests like more sauce and more heat.  

Yes, I've personally had every sandwich, salad, and appetizer on the menu - my favorite is the Ranchero Salad (easy on the flour tortilla strips).  ...and I'm working my way through the bowls.  

Don't miss trying the Thyme Fries or a Tsoynami.  They're great to share, especially since you also split the guilt of these treats.
Best vegan restaurant in Phoenix/Tempe. It's a jewel! They need to open more locations!

The only drawback is the name... try Googling "Green" when you're trying to find this place. I even had a hard time finding it on Yelp to write a review! I'm just saying...

Not the healthiest spot, despite the animal-free fare... But a good place to bring a non-vegan if they're trepidatious  about trying veggie food.

Try the vegan version of the DQ Blizzard called the "Soynami", the Buffalo Wings are INSANEly delicious, and don't be afraid to sample a special. They always have something creative and pallate-pleasing on the chalkboard.
OMG! A dream come true! 
happy, happy, happy!
Fuckin delicious. I've tried several of their menu items and each time I end up making that "holy Toledo this is awesome face" that foodies are all guilty of. You know, the one where you close your eyes and moan a little? It's embarrassing but toooootally worth it. The Tsoynamis are rad and way better than ice cream. And the staff is super sweet! My only complaint is that it's rather stealthily hidden, or maybe my sense of direction is just lacking. 

That's all I got. Vegans, vegetarians, meat-eaters...everyone should eat here.
Came to Green on a friend's recommendation and am glad I did!  I was a little skeptical of the vegan aspect of the restaurant and the "mock" meats, but all that went out the door when I tasted the buffalo wings.  Full of flavor with great texture... if you just handed the platter to someone, it would pass off as chicken.  I had the jerk tofu salad and like the apps, the salad was bursting with flavor and had a touch of heat.  I highly recommend it!  I ended the meal with the pumpkin tsoynami and it was a pumpkin pie in a milkshake... great spices and half the sugar.  A perfect way to end a fabulous meal.
Very delicious! You won't miss the meat.  The Singapore tofu rocked. Everything smelled great and the service was wonderful. I will be back with the vegetarian children!
Seriously amazing! Not only is the food great, but the staff is really friendly as well. I tell myself that I'll try something new every time I go, but I typically always end up ordering the original g po-boy because it's that good. I managed to get all of my friends hooked on it as well. If it's your first time at Green, you have to try a tsoynami for dessert. I just recently had the pumpkin pie tsoynami (seasonal I'm assuming), and it's hands-down my favorite so far. If I lived closer, I'd be here way more often. They should definitely consider opening another location.
Best Vegan restaurant in AZ!

Bottom line if you want great vegan food this is the place to go! The restaurant also features local artists from the community, which I love. I have even brought some of my meat eating friends here (they either love it or hate it).  I am not sure that I would describe the food as "healthy", but if you are in the mood for a fat-kid veggie comfort-food fix this is your place.  I am sad they are not open on Sundays! 

Huge fan of
 -Drunken mushroom chicken
-The green salad (that is what it is called), 
-Buffalo chicken wings. 
-Poboy

Would skip
-Crab puff (I am in the minority here...my friends are obsessed with them)
-The taco special (bleh)
First a disclosure from me.
My favorite food is anything with Pork Belly and I am addicted to mostly pork.
That being said, Green is one of the place that I go to whenever I can't think of anything that I want to eat in particular.
Green should be synonymous with Tasty since all their foods are very good.  I don't care if they are Vegetarian or Vegan, tasty is still tasty, meat or no meat.

Good quality vegetarian foods are not cheap and Green is pretty reasonable with their offering.  They have one of the best mock-meats that I've ever eaten and fresh veggies abound.  I can eat their Vegan Chili Fries by the bucket and still feel good after (tips : add some Sriracha to the ketchup to add more punch to the fries).  
 
So put off your doubts and reservation and give Green a try.
Maybe you will find out like me that sometimes eating Green is a good alternatives to Pork Bellies (note to self : need to roast some pork bellies !)
This place is FULL of hipsters and I don't even care. I will take vegan food this good from dudes wearing scarves and man-purses.
The first time I took my mom here she loudly discussed hunting deer and her desire to eat a plate of raw meat with bones and hair. My mom is kind of a dick. My point is, after she ate here once she's been pestering me to take her back for the last year. So if it's good enough for my mom, it should be good enough for you. Unless you think you're better than my mom. Well, there's a good chance you are. But my point stands.
This is the best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in the Phoenix valley area. Moderately priced, but not super expensive.   It also serves a style of food many non vegetarians will enjoy.
today my wife and i went to green. and as usual it was fantastic! pizza and and an oatmeal creme cookie. it does not get much better. we are always fans and when we get up here we come on in. never have we had a bad meal (too many to list). since they made the top ten on veg news best vegan restaurants we go when we can. if you are in the hood stop on in and check it out. the staff is very friendly and are always willing to make a recomendation. the daily special is always very tasty. 

we have had the soynami (peanut butter and chocolate) and it was good, but it is not the best vegan ice cream i have had. high quality for sure but a bit pricey for the taste. dont miss the cookie though, it is worth every penny!
It's what health-intelligent people are looking for. You are now home.
While I'm not vegan, I can't help but love a guilty pleasure at Green every once in awhile. Everything tastes like real meat food I would typically enjoy, which makes a meatatarian like me happy, though I'm not sure if vegans like that or not, but am assuming they do.

The dry sodas they sell and their homemade lemon and limeades are amazing. One of my favorite reasons to come there.

While I always leave extremely full and satisfied, I can't bring myself to make this a routine part of my lunch rotation; everything seems to be overly processed in order to look and taste like what it's not.
My first time at Green, I was unimpressed.

My second time at Green? I fell in love. The employees are all friendly (and even helped me out immensely when I lost my phone in their trash can - it was the worst :( ) and when I asked them what I should get (I love actually being able to do that!), the Original G was recommended to me. And man, did I enjoy it. I love spicy food, and the Original G is mock chicken with spicy buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato, and vegan mayo. IT IS SO GOOD (and clears your sinuses out!). The thyme fries are absolutely awesome, as well. I could eat them all day.

The crab puffs are also so yummy, and completely different from what I expected! The puff itself is crunchy and flaky and delicious, and the mock crab is warm and creamy and so good. But above all, the shining part of the dish? The sauce they serve it with. SO GOOD. 

Overall, I am so glad I gave Green a second chance. My advice? Go for the mock meat sandwiches. The bowls are ok, but the sandwiches are where Green truly shines.
On a recent 5 day trip to AZ, I went to Green 3 times. My boyfriend is from Mesa, and he loves this place and wanted to eat there as much as possible while we were in town for the holidays. I loved it! I can understand why he wanted to go here so much!

The first time we went I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich and eggless rolls. Both were very good. The chicken on the sandwich was very good as well as the sauce and the bun. I ordered fries as the side and they were the best fries of my life. Skinny little crispy but not too crunchy delicious fries. I pretty much hate all other fries now because of Green. The eggless rolls were good too and I really liked the sweet sauce they came with. My boyfriend ordered the original g spicy po-boy. It was good, but I think the sandwich I ordered was better.

The second time we went we split the no harm chicken parm and eggless rolls. It was that good.

The third time (second time in 1 day) we went we split the meatball po-boy and fries. It was really good! We also ordered a tsoynami that had chico sticks and chocolate chips in it. It was seriously like eating a Blizzard it was amazing!  I plan on trying to recreate it at home, but it probably won't be as good as Green's. 

Green is a great place to go for vegans and non vegans. The prices are fair and the service is quick even though it seems busy all the time. They have a million drink choices and a varied menu. I also liked how you ordered at the counter, and bussed your own tables which I don't mind doing at all especially when there is a line of people waiting for seating. I will definitely go back several times next time I am in town.
Green is my favorite restaurant to visit when I go home.  Yummy, fun food.  If you go to Scottsdale, Phoenix or Tempe for any reason...add this spot onto your to do list! I like their vegan "crab and cream cheese" puffs, the samosas, the faux chicken sandwich, the meatball sammie, the portobella poorboy, their FRENCH FRIES!!!  But the fave for me is the Cap'n Crunch SoyNami!!  You have to try it to understand.  AND YES, your animal eating friends will love it too!!
OK first off, I am a meat eater.  I am happily engaged to a vegan, so I eat quite a bit of vegan food.

Green is by far the best vegan food I have ever had.  Let's face it, it was some of the best food I have had including non-vegan food.  Their sandwiches are phenomenal, I recommend "the original "g" spicy po-boy".

If I would have gotten this sandwich anywhere else, I wouldn't be able to tell if it was vegan. It's that good.

Oh, and get the fries.  The Fries are amazing.  Always perfectly cooked and crispy!

If you are thinking about getting Soy-nami, do it.  You won't regret it.  I got the Snuckers, and It tasted just like a snickers blizzard, probably better. 

The cookies are also really really good.  I think we always end up getting at least one oatmeal cookie every time we go.

The staff is always friendly and helpful.  Even if you eat meat.  

All vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters should eat here.
Green totally fulfills the need for the college town to have a collegey, hippey, hip, dim-lit vegan restaurant. I like the ambience though I couldn't find it the first time I was there. The options are pretty expansive and the pricing very very reasonable. 

I have always been a vegetarian, so while meat eaters love the authenticity of the mock meat texture, I wouldn't say I was entirely comfortable with all the mocks. On one of my million visits, the flavors of one of the dishes (a rice dish that I can't recall now)  didn't work for me, but that is probably just me. And it was just once.
OK, if you want healthy vegetarian, this is not the place. But if you want some really yummy meat alternatives this place is the best!
Everything we had didn't have that "fake" meat taste that so many veg alternatives had. The po-boy was as good as if not better than I remember a "real: one tasting like. I'm a recent vegetarian and while I do enjoy it and don't plan on going back, it's nice to get some of those good 'ole comfort foods.
Will definitely go again.
Vegan food is so interesting.  I got a burger which had a patty that was orange on top and red on bottom so it felt like I was eating undercooked meat, which wasn't the case! Tastes like a real burger, sans meat.  The fries are so crunchy and delicious! Atmosphere is kinda hole-in-the-wall like and the people there are a variety of interesting people. Definitely would try this place again for their wide variety of dishes.
This place was GREAT! I had lunch at Green yesterday and I have nothing but good things to say. The food was excellent! Much better than I expected. The staff was very nice. The atmosphere was fun and lively. The only things that I was not thrilled about is the seating. Basically you have to run to an empty table, bus it yourself, and if the table isn't empty you have to intrude on people that are getting ready to leave. I don't mind asking people if they are done with their meal but I felt a little awkward doing it, like I was rushing them..... The other negative is the way that the staff screams your name when your food is up. I think if they implemented a number system the whole place would function more efficiently. Overall, the experience was pleasant, the food was great, and the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be going back.
So my doctor has put me on a mandatory 1 month vegan diet. Lucky for me Green is a vegan restaurant! 

I have always wanted to try Green, but had never really had an excuse to go. 

So Friday night the hubs and I make the trek across town. We arrived about 630 and it was JAM PACKED. Not a seat to be had. At Green you stand in line and place your order at the register and pay for it then. You find a seat and a waiter will come out and yell your name and then deliver your food. 

We placed our order and took a table outside as that was all there was. Kinda sucked, but oh well. It did start to rain, but there was a little over hang keeping us dry.

We ordered starters. Crab Puffs and Spicy Buffalo "wings" Both were pretty good. The crab puffs were spot on, you really couldn't tell a difference between them and the real thing. The "wings" were good as well, but for sure a big difference between the real thing and the mock. But still tasty. 

The hubs ordered the Original "g" Spicy Po-Boy, a Spicy buffalo mock chicken sammie and I got the Mum's Meatball Po-Boy. Both were really very good. The Thyme fries are really crisp and tasty, but like other reviews, you cant really taste the thyme, not sure whats up with that. 

After we were done, we decided to get a couple Tsoynamis to go. I am a ice cream FREAK, so that WAS going to be my biggest challenge getting through the 1 month Vegan diet...but not anymore. OMG...The tsoynami's are AMAZING!!! I had the Deez Hazelnuts, freaken fantastic! The hubs got the Betterfinger (Greens version of a butterfinger) SO GOOD!!!! 

We will be going back to green even after I am done with my 1 month stint as a vegan.
Green is probably the best vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to. And I've been to quite a few. Living in San Fransisco for two years gave me the experience of restaurant hopping. 

When my friend asked me to go I was quite hesitant. I didn't believe that good vegetarian could be done outside of a food hub city. Boy was I wrong.

We had the vegan chili fries, the green burger and the ice cream. Every single item was amazing. I was basically licking the chili out of the bowl. And the soy ice cream was better then any Haagen Dazs I've ever had. 

I wouldn't consider myself a vegan/vegetarian or even a person who is generally interested in that kind of food. But Green was completely worth going to, and I highly recommend it to anyone--vegetarian or otherwise!
Amazing food. That simple. This from a non-vegan, non-vegetarian.

  I was looking around at local restaurants and stumbled upon reviews for this place. I was shocked to find it was located so close to me, and figured I had to try it, that day. So I did; straight after work I stopped by.

  From talking with a coworker, the decor inside apparently changes; when I went in I found it really pleasant. A little bit dimmer than I would have liked, but with strings of white Christmas lights strung up alongside the ceiling lights. 

  I did not eat in, but looking around, I think I'd feel comfortable doing so, everything looked clean and comfortable, very laidback, slight alternative vibe, but not to where I'd feel uncomfortable if I felt that wasn't me (it's not).

  I ordered the thai peanut bowl with mock chicken, and the eggless rolls. The wait was on the order of 5, 10 minutes, nothing bad at all. As I waited, I noticed the bottled drinks...they have Cricket cola. Yes. Next time, I'm taking one home with me. I've been jonesing for Cricket cola for a while now.

  Taking the food home I tucked in almost immediately. The thai peanut bowl was very good; filling and tasty. The mock chicken was clearly not chicken, but I didn't mind, it still was good. If you want something a little different, or are avoiding meat, yeah, this is as good as you're gonna get.

  The eggless rolls though...to. die. for. They had a note of sweetness to them that moved them from being 'vegan knockoffs' to something wholly unique and delicious. I could see myself purposefully choosing these on their own merits, rather than as a vegan alternative to a real eggroll. I did not expect that from vegan food.

  If you're vegan, vegetarian, or just want to try something different, this is definitely an excellent choice.
After reading an article in the Arizona  Republic paper about the best Vegetarian restaurants to dine at, I discovered Green. I went with a coworker during our lunch break and since they open at 11am we got there shortly after they opened. I had "Thee Argentine" with thyme fries and she had the "The Green Burger"; my sandwich was unbelievably good, strips of seitan mock steak sauteed with caramelized peppers 
and onions, vegan mayo and a spicy chimichuri sauce, all on a scrumptious sub roll.  My friend loved her burger she said you could not tell it was meatless. We both got Tsoynami's  her choice was "The Fruits" where you pick the ones you want, and I got "Deez Hazelnuts" mine was heavenly. My total for the sandwich , fries and dessert was $13.50 not bad for a tasty,filling healthy meal. I went back and had the Original "g" Spicy Po-Boy made with spicy buffalo mock chicken, lettuce, tomato and  vegan mayo. This place rocks and it is always packed that is a good thing cause I need them to stay in business.
I already knew I loved @greendamon/Green because they offer a safe haven for vegans (and non-vegans) that realize being vegan or vegetarian does not mean you have to eat healthy, and that every meal doesn't have to be made of vegetables.

So, there are some majorly delish dishes... the artichoke gratine, the samosas, orecciette pasta with meatballs, the secret bbq chicken sandwich... and they always have some creative special.

Last night we stopped in after the Paso Robles wine tasting at FLEMINGS STEAK HOUSE... hey... we needed to counter all the flesh we saw being devoured.... 

and right before my eyes was the most magical and delicious creation known to man. Seriously. Like hands down best thing I have ever ever ever eaten. EVER!!

So, Green - if you don't put the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich on your full time menu, I think you are denying the good people of Arizona what they deserve: perfection.

An amazingly fresh and tasty roll topped with crispy bacon, chicken, mayo, fresh sliced avacado, CRISPY cheese, and jalapenos. Sure, doesn't sound that special...

BUT I ORDERED TWO. I wanted to order another. I want one right now. In fact, I cannot imagine a moment in my life where I won't be craving this amazing creation.

So - do yourself a favor. Try Green because the food is great, they care about all living beings, they have vegan blizzards, and one day they will have the best thing you have ever eaten on their menu.

I'm going to write a letter a day until they add it to their menu. I'm serious. I can be a real pest.
AMAZING

This past December i visited Tempe - my first trip to Arizona in about 3 years. Why wasn't Green open when i lived there? 

I'm so happy that people living in this area have yummy, delicious, affordable, exciting vegetarian/vegan options. Service was friendly, helpful, and fast. Food was delightful. I loved the rack of packaged vegan items (i.e., Dandies, Newman-O's and other hard-to-finds) available for sale.  We had two non-veg-heads in the group and they loved it.

Green is a lovely little gem.
Yum! For all those skeptics who fear trying vegan cuisine, this is the place to start. I have not had anything on the menu that I disliked, and you would never know that these dishes are completely free of animal products. The Green Burger and the Mexicali Burger totally satisfy my need to chomp into a big ol' burger, which I occasionally miss since I became a vegetarian. The Drunken Mushroom "Chicken" Bowl is amazing. All of the vegan "meats" and "cheeses" they use at Green are awesome. They even sell some of them in their mini grocery store so you can take that vegan deliciousness home with you. And the desserts... oh, boy! If you haven't tried it already, go now!
i'm not often overly impressed by vegan food - it's healthy so no need to be tasty - but this place is amazing.  almond milk shakes, homemade lemon and lime-aid.  spicy po boy sandwiches along with the spicy faux chicken wing sandwiches are huge stand outs but everything i've had seems to be incredibly good and , i assume, very healthy.  not sure how they pull it off but very impressed.  never had a bad dish and i make it a point to come here 2 or 3 times every time i'm in town on business. which is often.  the cutey college girls trying to look casual while wearing low cut t-shirts are kinda funny too.  "like, yeah, i just threw this loose fitting , low cut tshirt on without thinking. i had no idea that it exposes me so much! oopsy." getting back to the subject though - the food is good.
I've ordered here from twice for lunch being both of my boss' are huge fans! The soynami (vegan version of a blizzard) is absolutely amazing! It ruined my life becuase I think I may be addicted. I got it with the crunch (vegan version of butterfinger) and chocolate chips. Sooooo good!

The last time I order the spicy peanut tofu sald. It was definitely yummy but could stand for a bit more veggies in the salad itself.

This should be a national landmark for vegans!
We were visiting from out of town and were directed to check it out (by Aardvark, btw) - were we impressed. What a great spot! Terrific food choices, friendly staff - even minutes before closing when we ordered more food - and outstanding flavors. We ordered the "green" burger and the mock chicken teriyaki bowl. Each was great though my fiancee thought the sandwich could use some avocado. 
Can't wait to go back!
Best vegetarian food in all of Arizona.  Even some of my non-veg friends enjoy this place.  The soynami is way better than anything you could ever make or get from DQ.  This is worth multiple visits.
Veggie doesn't get any better than this.  In LA we have a plethora of Veggie options.  In Arizona, you have less but this is good for Green because they are one of the yummiest places I've been to.  If you came to LA I would eat here all the time!

The owner himself helped me and recommended the daily special of a santa fe chicken sandwich.  It was thinly sliced and seasoned grilled faux meat on top of a ciabatta and it was wonderful.  Veggie cheese too and came with fries.  Yum, yum, yum.

You also must have a Tsoynami.  It is a soy ice cream with a variety of things blended in.  I had peanut butter and chocolate but the choices extended far beyond that.

This place is a must visit.  Free wi-fi too, great vibe, tons of parking (ok for Arizonians that is not a problem typically!), awesome service, would come back again, and again, and again.
mock - chicken wings that were...wait for it...gluten free! I almost fainted with relief when they tasted excellent, with no trace of suck whatsoever. In fact, they could end up being almost dangerous for me, thank the Gods I live in Phx and not around the corner.

as others said-super friendly helpful staff. I hate being the GF person, and to actually have choices, that someone else could explain and give suggestion to, was lovely.

The fried tofu in my bowl was delish, rather large chunks, but very flavorful.

wanted to try the tsoynami(sp?) but we got there early, no wait plenty of tables, but by the time I thought to order the line was a "U" round the restaurant...next time dessert, you and I shall palaver...
This place is an absolute gem! I so wish we had one in Portland! The vegan wings are so so so so so so so good! You have to try them.. wing lovers will unite on this sensational menu item. We also tried two of the bowls...both of which are outstanding. If you're looking for a great vegan, gluten free joint... that's casual and tasty.. this is so your place.
I LOVE Green. I am not a Vegan or even a Vegetarian, but I do appreciate great food.

My first time here was great because I went with a group and got to try bites of a variety of items. The hummus is my fave. It's got  a bit of a spice which I love and comes with deep fried pita (sometimes a bit too greasy, but I can deal). The artichoke appetizer is delish, but not anything like a traditional, so I wouldn't expect that. The salads are really yummy, I can't remember which ones I've tried, so I can't specify which are best. And today, I tasted heaven in the form of a tater tot. They just introduced sweet potato puffs and they are incredible. I will be getting these as a side every time now! And then there's the tsoynami. Most incredible frozen treat ever. I get the betterfinger with no choco chips, add peanut butter and double chicostix (sp?) SOOOOOO good words can't describe.

I love it here so much that I make the trek from Ahwatukee to Scottsdale for lunch, salivating in anticipation, just to please my pallet a few times per month and it is worth every mile. 

As mentioned in just about every review, the staff is incredibly friendly and always willing to make a recommendation if you ask. One time, when there was a mishap with my office's order that caused me to wait an extended period of time for pick up, I got a call upon returning to work from the manager with a personal apology. I can't recall another place EVER taking the time to do that. For this, I am forever loyal.

Reviewing this made me crave it all over again. I may have to go back for dinner. Don't judge me.
Too many tables. People constantly having to scootch around you and squeeze between chairs. As for the food. I usually would get a "po'boy" with the kungpao sauce. (a special request) this time I was unpleasantly served the "original g po' boy" which is their mock chicken slathered with the saltiest tasting buffalo sauce. So unapealling I couldn't even power through the whole sandwich even though I was starving. Mind you I love hot wings and buffalo sauce in general but this was nearly inedible. I will give 3stars cuz the fries are epic and when they don't give me the wrong po'boy I'm satisfied. Just stay away from the original g unless you like eating salty spicy vomit on a bun:)
i haven't been here for a while because i live so far away. if i lived closer, i'd be spending more money at this establishment because it is the best vegan restaurant i've been to in phoenix.

i guess i'll start out with the most 'okay' thing i got, which was the 'po boy.' i didn't love it, but it wasn't gross...just reminded me more of 70's style vegetarian food.

i used to be vegan, and missed pizza greatly. the pizza i ate here when my tastebuds were still vegan-oriented, told me that the pizza was good, though i still haven't had vegan pizza that supasses a pizza with real cheese on it.

i ordered a salad here once, but unfotunately i can't remember what type of salad. what i can remember is that i liked it and that it tasted fresh. nothing worse than old salad greens, which this did not have.

the hummus is rich and has a nice touch of chipotle and they don't make it as gross as some other places do. i mean, when non-mediterranean/non-middle eastern restaurants make hummus, for some reason they usually go out of their way to make it as unhummus-like and unappealing as possible. this hummus isn't exactly like that found in a mediterranean restaurant, but the direction that it veers off the standard hummus path is a tasty direction, not a pointlessly nauseating one.

the buffalo wings are salty but flavorful and i love the vegan ranch dressing that comes with them. i've tried to make it at home and haven't quite figured out how they make the dressing so good. i wish there was a Green cookbook to help me out with this one.

the tsoynamis make perfect vegan junk food. just like dairy queen minus the cow ice cream or whatever dairy queen uses. i also enjoyed a chocolate peanutbutter bar here once or twice.

i wouldn't call green 'healthy', but it is tasty. the few people i've brought here (all omnivores) enjoyed it as well.
We need more restaurants like Green!  Simple, well prepared food.  Plenty of variety...not mindless, "I can't make a decision variety"...more, "there is something here for everyone".  The  asian noodles are DELICIOUS.  Staff and patrons are friendly and helpful.  Comfortable, easy environment.  Everyone I know who has eaten here loves it, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike!
Love the atmosphere.  The soy-namis are amazing.  I'm not vegan but do crave some of their stuff periodically.  Most of the menu is great but I do not like the Mexicali Burger or the noodle bowls.  Mexicali burger is smushy and the flavors are blagh.  The noodle bowls are easy enough for me to make at home...why would I pay someone else to make them for me?
I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... I'm not a vegetarian, but their food is actually pretty good. The fake meat tastes like meat! I love dessert so I'm a fan of their mixed shakes called "tsoynami". Sometimes I go just for this dessert.
Wow, this is my 3rd time trying to post a review, and each time it has been erased when I go to press submit....

I came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was VERY disappointed. The food was awful. I am not vegetarian nor vegan so I am not knowledgeable in appreciating good mock meat, but I CAN differentiate between tasty and unappetizing.

Artichoke Dip was watery and looked like light grey/brown colored gunk.

I got the Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl with tofu and was only able to take a couple bites because it really tasted awful. I typically really like eating tofu too. Please believe me in that I am not a picky eater and it is very rare for me to dislike a restaurant meal.

My boyfriend got a mock beef dish that had this underlying soy flavor. One plus about both our entrees was the amount of veggies in our dishes, but we couldn't even pick out the vegetables because of that strong background taste that lingered on our tongues.
Not a vegan or a vegetarian, but I am a fan!

First note: if you are looking for this place, pay attention to the map BEFORE you get in the car.  It's in the corner of a strip mall and is VERY easy to miss.  It's just south of McKellips, for assistance.  You will see a low to the ground sign that just says GREEN.  Turn in there; the place is in the corner.  Very small, very unassuming.

I tried this out because I am lactose intolerant and decided to just try eating a vegan meal to ensure no dairy was in my food.  I got the Thai Peanut and a Soynami.  

The portion was large enough that I was able to split it into two bowls when I got home.  I got my Thai Peanut with brown rice and fresh tofu.  Now, I already love tofu, and this dish was fantastic.  Absolutely one of the best stir-fry type dishes I have had with tofu.  In fact, I was surprised that 1) it was so good and 2) it was vegan.   It was the type of meal that you keep eating even though you can feel yourself getting full because it's just so good.

Ditto with the soynami.  The texture was interesting, which made it seem less watery than many soy based desserts that I get.  I got mine vanilla, with chocolate chips and sliced almonds, and it was perfect.  Another case of "I'm really full and should stop eating but hell with it, I'm already crashed out on the couch anyway"...I wish you could get a half soynami because half of the Thai Peanut + half a Soynami would be a perfect meal.   I can eat a giant steak in one sitting, but this meal made me go into couch potato food coma mood because I was just so...full...

In my return trips, I have learned not to eat the entire bowl and to pace myself, but the call of the deliciousness and the great staff keeps me coming back again and again.  I don't know if it's healthy, I don't know how they do it, but I don't care...it's delicious.

Note:  I haven't tried any of the "fake meat" items--that just sounds weird to me...so no feedback on that.
The decor is a bit odd, but it's one of those quirky joints you just learn to appreciate as a contributor to the "local flavor" category.
PS: They have VIMTO!  I was seriously taken aback and laughing when I first saw this, but it definitely took me back to some Middle East travels...if you love Vimto, this is your place!
I'm not a vegan. I've never eaten at a vegan restaurant, nor could I (at least right now) choose to be vegan 100%. Yet if anyone was ever going to convince me to go vegan, it'd be Green.

The sweet potato tator tots were delicious, as was my huge salad filled with fresh greens and figs. 

I'm not a fan of soy (unless it's edamame), so I was happy to hear this place offers alternatives to soy-based fake meats and cheeses. 

The decor is rad.
The place is eco-friendly too. 
The staff is friendly and helpful. 

Yep, this place is pretty damn amazing.
The Jerk Tofu salad was delicious and I left feeling satisfied and healthy. Prices were very reasonable. I wish there was a restaurant like Green in my area!!
In a few words, I am in love with Green. My mom is vegan, and I am recently vegetarian, and it has been pretty easy for us to transition. However, it's been super difficult to find great vegan-friendly restaurants. Lo and behold, we found the most amazing place ever...45 minutes away from us :(
Anyway, Green is incredible. I've had almost everything on the menu at least once, and I'm just such a fan. I prefer the mock-meats to the tofu, but the tofu is really great as well. I haven't disliked anything I've had yet.
Of course, don't go in there expecting it to taste like typical food. Green serves the absolute best vegan/vegetarian fare I've ever had. And by now, I've had a lot. Were it closer to my mom and I, I think we would go there every single day.
I have been here twice now and will be going back again.  Each time I have ordered the special of the day and haven't been disappointed.  The mock meat has more flavor than 'real' meat in each of the sandwiches I had.  In fact, if the cost was a little more reasonable, I think I would prefer their mock meat over the real thing most of the time!  Definitely would recommend it to anyone to try.
Oh Green! How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...

1. You are 100% vegan. I have a plethora of choices to eat from and not have to worry about what its made with and if its vegan or not. 

2. Tsoynamis. Nuf' said.

3. Vegan crab puffs!!!

4. You have specials that change all of the time! I just wish you would make about 90% of these specials permanent menu items! I love some of them so much it depresses me when they run out or are no longer available. Example, the Chicken Schwarma wrap. I would KILL for that to be on the menu. It is my favorite thing ever. 

5. Most of your staff are some of the coolest people ever, and always remember us. Its nice when staff remember you (and your favorite specials). It also helps that my husband and I have been here at least 50 times in the last year. 

6. You don't just make me choose from a few measly salads. You have sandwiches, pizza, pasta, bowls, appetizers. The BBQ chicken and the Mexicali burgers are the greatest things ever. 

7. You are relatively close to my house, and I don't have to trek 30 miles to get there. So if at 8pm I decide I want you, I can get to you and not have to worry about making it before you close. 

8. You have an in store market where if I feel the need to pick up a box of vegan mac and cheese, I can. 

There are tons of reasons to eat here, whether you are vegan or not. You have to try this place. It is amazing and no matter what you get off the menu, you will not be disappointed.
Delicious and great prices.  There are so few vegetarian restaurants in this part of the country but these guys do it right.
wowza.  this place could probably convert a Texas rancher to a vegan, the food is THAT GOOD.

I started with a yummy salad- greens with balsamic, dried figs, pecans & strawberry.  the "small" salad was a very good size. then had the apricot miso rice bowl with tons of veggie mock chicken.  incredible sauce, I would have licked the bowl, had the restaraunt not been full.  

speaking of full, even though I WAS full at that point, I could not pass up the Soy-namis.  had a Ginger Snap & damn if I did not eat all 16 glorious ounces of it...

my belly is distended. it was worth it.

good thing I was wearing my platform peeptoe shoes when I showed up, this place is for young hipsters.  the vibe is young & cool (2 things I am not), but not in a snobby way. more grungy hip, if ya' know what I mean.
The right vegan food for non-vegans! Most vegan and veg places simply preach to the choir and just don't do a good enough job of attracting omnivores. That is where this joint stands out. 

The mock chicken dishes were just great with the right amount of spice and flavor . The decor is decidedly hippiesh but not overbearing . We went on a Thursday evening and it was CROWDED! there was a virtual nonstop line but totally worth the wait. Ask them to make the entrees a little spicy and then enjoy them with their homemade lemonade.

Dont forget to try the incredible vegan chocolate cake! Their specialty ice-cream is great too.
Green is probably the best vegan restaurant in all of Arizona. The tsoynamis are AMAZING and their vegan "Ranch" dressing is the best I have ever had!! Most of the time when I go the lines are kind of long, but not too bad, Definitely worth the wait!!
vegan junk food at its finest-went there a few months ago and REALLY need to go back again!
The vibe exuding from this place is pure awesomeness. Reminiscent of a trendy hipster coffee joint, this is actually a casual vegan restaurant. 

I am a pescatarian and unless I am eating seafood, I steer clear of meat, even the mock kind usually however once in a while it's delicious... so why try it here at Green I thought. The menu's style is comfort food, which as we all know traditionally is heavy on the meat, sauces, and fat content... so at least if you're going to be bad, you can do it with organic and pure ingredients.


So as I wanted to sample as much of the menu as possible, my lovely friend, her fiance, and I shared a few items:

*Artichoke Gratine: The corn chips were amazing, lightly salted and crisp. The dip was a bit too garlicky and runny for my liking. Ate a few bites of this but could not see myself eating the entire thing solo.

*Spicy Buffalo "Wings": first things first... do not let looks dismay you... true it looks gross but they taste legit! The flavor of the buffalo sauce was perfect, although could have been spicier. And the cucumber ranch dipping sauce was perfectly creamy and lightly flavored as to not overpower the "wings". This dish is a must try!!

*Vegan Chili Fries: the fries are thin cut and tasty. The chili sauce was good, at first, but I quickly got sick of the flavor. This could be because I was never a huge chili fan even back when I ate meat. Hmm, I think you are better off ordering the thyme fries.

*Crab Puffs: Perfectly crisp with a delicious creamy filling. Another must try!

Lastly my friend's fiance ordered that day's special which was a green chili burrito... delicious and huge. A bit too much rice but besides that a great option. It came with a side, which he ordered the curry pasta salad, mmm.


Green serves bowls, sandwiches, pizzas, salads... next time I am back in the area I will be checking out more of the menu when craving "meat" and not my usual tofu, seafood, veggie diet.  

Might I add the service is friendly. Perfect place for a casual friend date.
Don't be fooled by the name, or that everything on the menu is vegan, this is not the place for anyone on a diet or "watching what they eat". The food is delicious comfort food with lots of fried things, in large portions, and I love it! Sure there are some things like salads, and rice bowls, if you need to go the healthier route, but no matter what you should be washing it all down with a creamy sinful Soynami. As soon as Green gets their liquor license it will be a 5 star rating for sure.
One of my favorite spots in all of AZ. 

Green proves that vegetarian, and more importantly, VEGAN food can be interesting and delicious. More importantly, the dishes served here can fullfill your junk-food cravings.

I am a vegetarian, but not usually a fan of mock meat products. Green does such a great job at creating tasty vegan creations that the mixed crowd will amaze you. Not to stereotype the vegan "look", but if you come in to Green during the very busy lunch rush, I would bet money that 50% of the patrons are regular meat-eaters. The food is just THAT good!

I have tried most everything on the menu, and my personal favorites are:

spicy buffalo "wings"
jerk tofu salad
mexicali burger
thai peanut bowl with crispy tofu
original "g" spicy po-boy sammy

One more thing:

They always have delicious daily specials and homemade desserts.
Delicious vegan junk food! I am not vegan. I will never be vegan, but I will throw down with the best of them at Green.

There are so many delicious treats on their menu I'm not even going to bother naming off the things I've tried here. Just go, eat everything, and when you gain ten pounds don't come crying to me. 
'But Kristi, aren't vegan dishes supposed to be healthy?' ummmm NO! 
If I wanted healthy, I'd poach a chicken breast and eat it with some dry salad and brown rice. Maybe slit my wrists and hop into a nice warm bath for dessert. I come here for fake meat that tastes like angel tears. The only thing they're missing is a liquor license. 

Located in a strip mall, this place is full of Bieber-esque lesbians and 10 day neck beards just as you would imagine. I don't fit in but when exactly has that ever bothered me? There is even what appears to be a (very tiny) vegan market of sorts inside if you find yourself in desperate need of some Dayia or faux marshmallow fluff. You know, true diet staples. The register area is full of mouth watering vegan desserts that will make you say 'I didn't know you could do THAT with raw cashews!' Man, I love this place...

I haven't heard any news lately about the supposed 'new location' but I really hope that is still in the works as it is much closer to home. I can see myself picking up 3 orders of wings to eat in the privacy of my own abode while watching some god awful Lifetime movies on a Sunday. Bring it on Green.  nom nom nom
I read that the guy who owns GoDaddy shot an elephant...at night...using spotlights...I'm thinking his fully tumescent "manhood" must be the size and color of a 7 year old raisin...I can't imagine what he thought he was proving by felling one of these magnificent creatures with high powered/laser sighted rifle from 500 yards away, while it stood transfixed by the spotlights glare.

There was a word that we used for poachers that did the same thing while hunting deer, when I was a kid back in Oregon..."Asshole".

He did prove to me that I will need to move any and all business I can away from GoDaddy..."vote with your feet"...but I guess that's another review.

The Beautiful Carin and I were in Scottsdale on business this past week and we take these opportunities to spend time with those near and dear to us!

At the very tippy top of the "near and dear" list is our lovely daughter, Whitney.

Whit is a Vegan...with a capital "Vege"...and she was distraught by the wanton slaughter of an African elephant by some dot bomb misogynist.

So she was thrilled that her meat lovin' daddy was going to take her to Green for dinner...an experience so very alien to me that I made Carin pick up a pound of fully cooked bacon and bring it to dinner in her purse for me...just in case!

I am not a Vegan...I was born and raised on a cattle ranch...I do love a good medium rare rib-eye...I don't think it hurts Elsie the Cow to have a teat twiddled so I can have cream in  my coffee or cheese on my burger...and yet, the elephant deal brought a tear to my daughters eye and touched my black flinty excuse for a heart!

I checked Yelp and saw that while my Vegan friends on yelp love this place, my decidedly carnivorous Yelpy friends were also nearly unanimous in their agreement that Green is foodgasm inducing!

We ordered way too much food...Chili Fries, Egg Rolls, a Green Burger, the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, No Harm Chicken Parm...I barely had room to choke down a couple of Tsoynami's and an oatmeal cookie sandwich!

Even after we were stuffed, Whitney took home enough leftovers for a week!

The big question about Green is "why didn't I ever eat here, when I lived here...Why?"

I don't know...but I will be putting on my hemp cargo shorts, a tie dye t-shirt and growing a neck beard...and I will be eating here again.

I like to "fit in".

The menu is fairly extensive...the portions are plenty big...the flavors are bright and well defined and the textures and aroma's (always a big deal for me) are both exotic and welcoming.

I didn't have to break out the bacon (although I should have taken my flask...no cocktails at Green for Donald...oh well, agave sugar cola was a delightful departure from the ordinary).

I really could eat this way on a regular basis...it's that good...I probably won't, but it's nice to know I could!

I imagine that Karma will have it's own way of dealing with a self-justifying, trigger happy technotard...for me, the occasional dinner at Green nicely balances the Karmic forces at work in my life...and tastes good, too!
How they make those meatless chocolate chip cookies will always amaze me!!!   Well maybe I came in with high expectations and that led to disappointment...But seriously if I want meatballs...I shouldn't be a vegetarian...so why would I want "mock balls"...they were strange...I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth...The gratin dip was this liquidy green goo to be eaten with corn chips...disgusting...crab puffs...who needs pho-crab...how about a pizza that has fake cheese on it?  It was so doughy and odd...kinda like something at a school cafeteria...how is this so natural and green...fake things that are supposed to be like the real thing...how about just some great tasting food that doesn't include animal products?  Believe me no animals were harmed in creating this meal...unless someone brings home a doggy bag for Rover!!!  Ugh...I'm still feeling green from this meal!  This is a slap in the face to vegans...vegan food should be tasty and fresh...not contrived!  It's time to shine the light on this "Emperor's Clothes"!   I like the idea of a vegan restaurant...but I prefer the idea of great tasting food!
If I didn't see it on here first, I never would've found this hidden gem tucked in a corner of a strip mall between a bike store and a Goodwill.

The menu seems like there are a lot of options but what they do really well are their bowls and their sandwiches. We had their Diablo Red bowl - a spicy veggie and rice creation we got with 'chicken,' and the pasta with 'meatballs.' We also split the 'wings.' They totally have their mock meats down. I was most surprised by the meatballs which were tender and flavorful with a near perfect texture. Their bowl sizing is perfect, I could eat more but that's probably about as much as I should have. 

The next time we had the 'green burger,' a house-made veggie burger with oats that's actually red in color. It inspired me to start Googling around for how to make something similar because it was such a fresh take on a veggie burger. He had another bowl- the curry with 'chicken' which was fantastic. 

This is the best overall vegan place I've tried in a long while, it nails the balance between creative and attainable where all feel welcome.  

I hope they eventually slide into a more cozy atmosphere. It's not awful, but I can't see its dinner business growing in its current location.
Mmmmmmm Mmmmm Mmm........ so good! I was skeptical about mach meats, but was pleasantly surprised by how delicious they were prepared. We ordered a couple of apps & 2 bowls to try. The apps were good, but my drunken mushroom "chicken" was executed beautifully! The best part? The "TSoynami Clunky Monkey" was a dessert that I couldn't stop moaning after every bite! Was that TMI?? Just imagine... Soy Ice Cream mixed with chunks of bananas, pecans, and chocolate drizzled throughout. Even if you eat too much and think you don't have room... don't miss this chance - make room!! You won't be sorry. 
Overall? Excellent! 
I am a fan and can't wait to try more on the menu!
Love the "Argentine Po-Boy" sandwich, and the thyme shoestring fries are my favorite side. Many mock meat alternatives which are quite tasty. I am a total omnivore, but love a good veggie meal. Just two or three tables outside, but great to bring the dog!
One of my "you must try this" restaurant recommendations for any vegetarian/gluten-free or generally open-minded eaters. My girlfriend and I either eat here or get carry out from here on a regular basis.

Our favorites include the thai peanut & drunken mushroom bowls, the jerk tofu salad, and the "chicken" wings. Everything is good here though, and I mean everything - I haven't ordered something I haven't liked, although some dishes I do enjoy more than others.
I had a date here last weekend. We ordered the green hummus, which was pretty good. I had the green burger which I thought was just ok, I've had much better veggie burgers before. My date (a vegetarian) had the pizza, which she didn't like at all, I think the mock cheese had something to do with it. 

The location is in a strip mall, which wasn't that great, and the ambiance in the restaurant seemed very eclectic (not in a good way).  

All and all I'd say I much prefer other semi-vegetarian restaurants, such as Pita Jungle, over this place.
I love the place.  I wish there was one in  Chandler.
I am not really sure where to start off, but, I'll start by saying that every time I have gone to Green; the service as been right on par. However, I am not inclined to absolutely rave about how great their vegan cuisine is. 

To begin, I think they're salads and some of their appetizers and sandwiches are crisp and fresh and delicious. Some of the pastas and other items that require any oil or things of that nature, seem to be drenched in it. It's busy a lot, which excites me because it makes me think there is a more prevalent health conscious or environmentally friendly population out there. 

Wrapping this little blurb up; this restaurant might eliminate any notions some people have who firmly believe in the stigma that all vegetarian/vegan friendly food tastes like cardboard. Notions like that are probably crushed there by any noob who walks through those doors and that in itself is a worthy accomplishment!
I am a meat eater so when someone told me about this mock chicken sandwich I had to try it. We arrived to a pretty packed house it looked like a pretty hip crowd of people. Everyone was really friendly and nice we both ordered The Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (Mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in our espresso BBQ sauce with vegan mayo) served with the thyme fries. This tasted just like I was eating chicken I was shocked really good sandwich fries were great as well. Will go back for sure..
About once a week I find myself saying, "wanna go to Green?!?!" 

I can't get over the no-frills, cafe-esque atmosphere with purely good veg head food. Mind you, I am not a vegetarian anymore, but I do prefer to eat foods of that nature. My boyfriend is a meat-and-potatoe type but still can find his fill here. 

Careful friends, it is easy to drive right by here. It is located in a dowdy looking gray strip mall... but oh-so-conviently next to a bike shop. 

There are a few "mock" foods here, but gooooooooooood mock foods. The wings are really tasty. But, they were voted for the best mock chicken in the valley a couple years back. 

Meat eaters, do not be afraid. This place is delicious. Whether you're feeling adventurous or just wanting something light... you cold definitely find something really great and satisfying here.
Great veg place. I take all my friends that wouldn't dare to go vegetarian here and they all love it. When you can take your friends that eats meat and only full fat dairy products and they like it you know it's good. You can't go wrong with the bbq,parm, or steak sandwich. All the Ice creams are to die for. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the chilli burger. That is the only thing out of everything I have tried that I didn't care for. But everything else rocks.
Ok...count me in the "I'm not a vegan but this place was great"  crowd!

Went and had lunch with some new friends  one is a vegetarian, so we thought we'd give it a try.......VERY GOOD and VERY reasonable...
5 appetizers for around $17 and 2 entrees with tea were around $22..

Between 6 of us, we tried the pizza, several of the bowls (apricot was awesome!),   edimame, Hummus, peanut thai tofu, artichoke dip, crab puffs, and 4 different desserts.  everything was wonderful! 

 the only negative in the entire meal was that our group thought the artichoke dip was runny but flavorful.

 we got there for lunch right as they opened at 11 and were served first...the place was full very quickly after that.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and talked to us "newbies" at length about the menu, how to order, and what the vegan cheeses were like.  They even brought us samples of the ice cream to help us order!
We will definitely be back, thanks for a great time and a great meal!
Richard and the APS crowd:)
Mexicali burger is aces.  Cheers to the mock Chicken teriyaki bowl
During the tail-end of our trip to AZ this past weekend, my vegetarian husband and I found Green and loved it so much we ate there 3 times in 2 days. It would have been 4 had it not been closed one morning. 

As a meat-eater with a soy allergy, there are many reasons not to eat here, but I gave all of that up to enjoy as many entrees as possible. 

Where do I begin...we tried the buffalo wings which had the right taste and texture as meat ones, and the ranch dressing was perfect, the CRAB PUFFS which were mind-blowing, the bbq sandwich, the curry pasta, the argentine sandwich (delicious bread and chimichurri sauce), the fish tacos (which were good but not nearly as amazing as the other entrees), and the kung pao chicken. And oh yes, two cupcakes and the betterfinger soy ice cream. 

I am so depressed there isn't one in Austin, but I would say Green is reason enough to go back to AZ.
The food is fantastic.  I pretty much always get whatever the special is.  I think the sandwiches are honestly a little better than their stir-fry stuff but   this does not detract from how awesome the place is.  Go for the Spicy G if you want a spicy faux-chicken thing or the Argentine PoBoy for a delicious, sweet flanksteak-type meat sandwich.  

It is a little pricey sometimes, but you are paying for specialty foods.  Their vegan/veggie market in the store is convenient if you want to try something out, but it's really marked up in comparison to buying almost any of these things from the internet (not even in bulk).
I'm no where near being a vegan, but I stopped in with some true vegan regulars. I ordered one of their burgers that was made with garbanzo beans, spices and vegan-mayo and a side of fries. The burger and fries were delicious (couldn't even tell fries were not fried in animal fat). Most importantly, everyone walked away totally stuffed (this is important for us meat eaters). 

The only problem I had was there seemed to be something missing about the burger. Its really only sauce and patti. Even if it was a meat pattii it wouldn't be right. It needs a little something more so that Its not just a simple flavor.
Delicious!
This is a great place! I am in Tempe for a week on business and was referred here by friends (and saw the great Yelp reviews, too); rode my bike 3.5 miles to get here...
     The first thing you see is the cool, quasi-hippie decor (awesome!); the menu has a great variety from Asian to burgers to Italian... I had the Kung Pao with mock chicken; it was spiced very nicely and the "chicken" tasted quite good! I am not a vegetarian, and even I was impressed! :) I had the Coco Loco Tsoynami for dessert and it was *amazing!* creamy like ice cream, but not quite as filling.
     I will definitely come here again on my next visit to Tempe!
I live in Glendale and this place is in Scottsdale...so we def have to 'plan' to eat here.  The food is good, you can't even tell that it's not real meat.  I wish they had a location closer to Glendale.
i don't know why i do this to myself...i'm not a veggie, i go to a veggie joint and i order mock beef or mock chicken..it always makes me feel gross..the cycle continues...on the up side, service was great, and decor was on point. next time i'll try the salad.
 I will say this, the artichoke gratin was bomb! i would come back to avoid anything mock, not because its not good, it just doesn't sit well with me.
I am still a big fan, Another good rice bowl, and a po-boy this time.

It was the firs time I ever ventured to the sandwich side of the menu wand I was pleased.  We had a Argentinean po boy which was basically mock steak peppers and onions. The mock beef as great,  the veggies were a bit over cooked and the bun was toasted but nothing special for $8.

We did start with the egg rolls, aside from the small noodles inside they were decent as they were fried but not greasy but again nothing special. $4

We also split a "diablo red" bowl $7.50 despite the name we had to add some hot sauce to up the level of diablo to it. The veggies were fresh and well cooked, the mock chicken was great and the brown rice served it's purpose well.  

Overall I like the format of this place, and the fact I can order anything on the menu.
So I'm going to preface this by stating the probably obvious: I'm not a vegan. I'm much closer to the carnivore end of the spectrum. I like meat, and things you eat with meat, and occasionally vegetables. I accepted an invite to meet someone here with a certain amount of anxiety.

But hey, I'm not new to the Interwebs. So I did a little homework. I looked at the menu and found some items that sounded okay. And I read my friend sunny b's reviews here, because she knows this stuff. This made me a little less nervous.

Carnivores, take it from me: no need to worry. This place ROCKS. The buffalo wings are plenty spicy - I liked them better than any actual chicken wings I've ever had. The samosas were wonderful: a nice flaky crust, and the filling was very savory with an excellent texture. I had the Mongolian bowl with not-beef, which was delicious: good noodles, fresh vegetables, and the only way I knew the not-beef wasn't beef was the texture. The portions were great and the staff was friendly.

For dessert, I got an oatmeal pie: two oatmeal cookies with a creme filling between. DELICIOUS! 

I definitely recommend this place, and I will certainly eat there again when I'm in the area.
I should like Green. I have been a vegetarian for over ten years and I really like when I can go to a restaurant and eat whatever I want. I like the concept of Green, but after two tries, I can say with full confidence that I do not like Green.

Atmosphere: I have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe. In fact, it reminds me of home (ATX is a hipster Mecca during South by) and boyfriend and I make jokes about the decor while standing in line. What I dislike is the "I don't give a damn" attitude from the staff behind the counter. The first time we went to Green, I asked the guy behind the counter for a recommendation between two items. He scoffed at me: "I guess if I *had* to pick, I would go with the sweet and sour." Wow. The second time, the girl behind the counter could not be bothered to greet us. She was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter. When she finally saw that we weren't leaving, she took our order as if it was some great inconvenience to her. Sorry, dear. (Don't worry, I will not be back.) 

Food: Boyfriend and I hated the food we have gotten here. First time: He ordered the greenza flatbread pizza and I ordered the sweet and sour. The pizza was an inedible mess of waxy "cheese", soggy bread, and pesto. He ate two bites and pushed it away. I mostly liked my sweet and sour except for the fact it was drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. (Dear Green, I *like* the taste of vegetables and tofu, you do not have to hide those things from me. Sincerely, Liz) Second time: I ordered the No Harm Chickn Parm. I can say that the bread was good, but it's a bit too hard to mess up bread that you buy from a third party. The chickn was inedible. It tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency. I do not understand how some Yelpers said this was the best mock chicken they have ever eaten. Boca and Morning Star Farms are infinitely better (and cheaper). Boyfriend got the green hummus. He said it was good. Not worth $4, but good. The pita chips were over-fried--almost burnt. Icky. 

Other: 
1. The drinks are meh at best. All the drinks in the refrigerated case can be bought at Fry's or Whole Foods. Please do not waste your money.  

2. There are not enough tables for the amount of people. I guess Green is to be treated like a coffee shop, not a restaurant. Plop down, claim your table, eat some noms, and surf the web. Do not leave for hours! I guess this is nice for some people, but it is impossible to get a table at dinner time. FYI

3. No AC in the "restaurant" during the summer. Unacceptable. 

TL;DR: Waxy "cheese", too much sauce, inedible mock meats. Don't go.
The one lonely star is for the ambiance and decor, which I did find appealing.
 We ordered a pizza and KP noodle bowl. I got my noodles quickly and actually finished the dish before we realized that the pizza had not arrived. Went up to the counter to find out that the cook had burned the pizza and had not started another one, so we went ahead and ordered another noodle dish. 20 minutes later they brought the wrong dish with ingredients specifically asked not to include. The manager gave us 3 dollars back as the pizza was actually $5 more and did apologize, but by then we where to tired to ask for a full refund.
I went to Green to grab food the other day as a newly vegan eater. I got the peanut stir-fry dish with crispy tofu. The flavor was excellent and I REALLY enjoyed it. The ambiance at Green is amazing, and so are there teas and drinks. I also got a chocolate peanut butter bar and it was very tasty. I will definately be back to Green!
Great food! The service was horrible and it is very expensive. The good thing is the food was so good that I will eat there again and again.
I ate at Green for the first time today. I loved the Thai Peanut Salad with mock chicken. My friend had the BBQ Chicken Salad and it was really good too. We plan on going back weekly.
I love the community table, we met some nice people today also enjoying their food. Someone at the table recommended the pasta with "meatballs".
I will be trying that next time.
First of all, I don't know why there were a few people who claimed this to be a hipster joint. I know hipster. I've been surrounded by them (to my dismay) for years, and can spot one from a mile away. One of my favorite youtube videos of all time is "The Dickhead Song" which is completely, 100% making fun of hipsters.

That being said, I personally think the environment is cute and sort of catchy. Definitely won me over when I walked in the door and saw that they recycle. Yes! Thank you god, finally an establishment around that serves plastic cups but promotes and WANTS you to recycle.

Also, a couple of people said something about the people working there not being attentive and being extremely rude. I'm going to guess that the yelper themselves were in a really bad mood or had a one time bad experience because when I walked up they were nothing but sweet as pie and incredibly attentive. They talked with me about the different options and explained the menu to me. 

Refills are free. That's pretty awesome, especially considering their lemonade is killer. After we sat down we probably waited 5-7 minutes and our food was out. Nice. My partner and I decided to share their Drunken Mushroom bowl. Needless to say, the bowl was definitely big enough for two. We still ended up leaving with leftovers. And let me tell you, the food was excellent. The veggies were crispy. Crispy! They didn't over-cook them. Thank you! And the faux-chicken was indeed splendid. Pulls apart and basically melts in your mouth. The sauce was so good. So so good. I have dreams of this particular dish (and I'm not even fibbing one bit).

I also had a cone of their plain vanilla ice cream. It was good. Definitely not the most amazing soy ice cream I've ever had, but it isn't something I'd turn my nose up at and would definitely get it again next time I go there (...maybe tomorrow?).

I can definitely say that Damon has found himself a masterpiece of a vegan restaurant. Don't pay so much attention to the negative reviews. I honestly have no idea why anyone would have something other than praise for this place. I know high quality, well cooked food when I taste it. Green has got the stuff!
I love Green. My husband and I have only been vegetarians for about 9 months and we were pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant a few months ago. We have tried many of the dishes--so far my favorite is the Green burger. The food is tasty, the atmosphere is laid back and customer service is usually pretty good. My favorite part about eating at Green is dessert...Betterfingers Tsoynamis are a must for me. It is delicious and satisfying! Really the only reason I can't get myself to give 5 stars is because of their prices...they are a little high for my taste but is not enough to deter me from returning!
Very delicious food! We are not vegans or even vegetarians, but we just love this place! We have been trying to eat healthy lately, and this place was just perfect for that. The consistency of the mock chicken dishes was almost perfect, and we weren't left with that sick, full feeling in our stomachs. Wish this place was closer to where we live!
I should preface this review by stating that I am not a vegetarian. I am especially not vegan. I am a shameless meat and diary eater. But I am open to experimenting with different cuisines and always looking to try "healthier" foods. Green is a restaurant that I've driven by countless times and always tell myself that I should give it a try. I finally did last night, and I wasn't terribly disappointed. While it's still not food that I would go out of my way for, I appreciate the level of quality Green offers. 

I decided to take an adventurous route and try the original "g" spicy po-boy. I consider this adventurous because the idea of mock chicken doesn't sit well with me. The real thing tastes better and the health differential is open to debate. The sandwich was decent but small. It's only a po-boy in spirit. If you've ever been to New Orleans and had a po-boy, you'd know that they are obnoxiously oversized and stuffed with lettuce, tomato, and your choice of fish or meat. What saves this sandwich is the sauce. It's perfectly hot and the tofu absorbs all of its wonderful flavor. I like that Green uses mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce. It may take away the crunchiness, but I like the taste much better. Green also goes light on the mayo, which I appreciate. The thyme fires are really good. They're thin and crispy, and the herb really enhances the flavor. They give you a lot of fries, which makes up for the sandwich being a little undersized, but I'd rather have more sandwich than fries. 

Since heaven forbid I be strong enough to pass up on sweets, I also tried a peanut butter chocolate bar. Not bad. But certainly not worth its $3 asking price. It reminds me of a store-bought peanut butter rice crispy treat. I recommend only having this if you are a strict vegan. 

The restaurant is exactly what you'd expect it to look like. It's dark and artsy in a hipster bohemian style that you'd find in New York's West Village. It's semi-service. Order at the counter, wait at the table, and someone brings you your food. Green may want to look into assigning their customers a number, or a pager, to place on the table. Even though I was taking my order to go, I'm not a big fan of someone walking around and yelling names (way too fast food for me). They also may want to put their menus out near the front the place. They're all at the counter and there isn't a big menu board posted. How is someone new supposed to have a clue what's on your menu if they can't see it until they make it the place where you order? 

A meat eater reviewing a vegetarian restaurant is like a vegan reviewing a steakhouse. I can appreciate the place for what it is, but it's just not designed for me. Green caters to a specific clientele that needs more restaurant options like this. I'm glad that there is a place like Green in the valley. It's everything that people who live this lifestyle can ask for. If you're a meat eater hoping for something that tastes just like "normal" food, you're obviously going to be disappointed. I'm certainly open to giving Green another try, and would even suggest it if I were planning on dining out with a vegan or vegetarian friend.
You know what, I like it. It's good, it's fun - the flavors are interesting. My favorite thing is their Soynamis though! Delicious! And so many different ways you can make it. Ambience is okay - the way I see it is I can be surrounded by snooty vegans or snooty carnivores at some fancy schmancy restaurant - either way, the two extremes seem to have the same sort of "air" about them. So I'm not so crazy about who I'm sharing my meal with, but if the meal is good, I am down with it. Service ain't to shabby - not the best, they seem ocassionally bothered that they have to take your order or that you're not entirely sure what you want, but when you give a person a multitude of ways to make things, you're gonna ask, is this gluten-free, is this dairy-free, etc. You'd think they'd be use to those questions by now. But overall, a definite must-try for the adventurous, and staple to my list of faves.
The food is pretty good, especially good for vegan fare, they've got a decent gluten free menu set up too!

Problems are in the service, since the start of summer 2011 it has gone way downhill. Today I waited for 35 min for my food, had other people who ordered after me served, then when they finally noticed me, they came over and told me to come up and ask if my food is taking too long. Isn't that their job to serve in a timely manner? Since when do I pay $10 for $4 worth of food to not get served?

On top of it, they screwed up my order, I had to go back in and get it fixed (more waiting time). Being late, being stupid, and being wrong? Three strikes in one visit - this place is done. 

I won't be going back.
My favorite restaurant! The staff is great. The owner is great. You should upload a photo of that AMAZING person that won the photo contest!!!
My version of fast/comfort food. Consistently delicious.
I was really happy to find another vegetarian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  My wife and I enjoy Loving Hut, but it's always nice to find more variety.

We entered Green with high expectations considering the good reviews we saw here on Yelp.  I ordered a veggie burger (of course), my wife got a meatball po' boy, and my daughter got a rice bowl of some type.  There were also some appetizers such as egg(less) rolls, and their chili fries.

Chili fries--I looked forward with great anticipation to these, and it looks like I expected too much.  What passes for "chili fries" here are shoestring potatoes lightly sprinkled with thyme (not bad in themselves) which are then covered with a concoction of what appears to be Morningstar Farms veggie crumbles mixed with tomato sauce and one or two spices which I couldn't identify.  It was really not all that good.  It tasted like someone was trying to doctor up veggie crumbles and really didn't know how.  I'll say this much--it wasn't "chili" in any capacity that I would recognize.

In terms of the burger, I think that, at least at first, they did a good job of masking the blandness of the the red bean patty at the center.  The presentation and appearance was pretty nice.  However, by the time I took my last few bites, I was needing to wash it down with my Diet Coke.  Again, it was a not very successful attempt to make a meatless food attractive, hip, and tasty.  You can do it if you know how.  I'm not sure if the folks in the kitchen at Green really have a handle on it.

My wife's po'boy was a similar story.  Again, looked like Morningstar Farms meatless meatballs.  They put them in a bun with "mum's sauce" and soy cheese.  I tried a bite.  Tasted like a meatless meatball coated in ketchup on a bun.

The egg(less) rolls were. . .okay.  Again, there was something missing in the flavor.

The atmosphere was "hip" and cool.  The bathrooms were actually really neat looking.  Service was friendly and helpful.  The food was eh.  Don't be fooled into thinking that because they put up this big presentation and say with fanfare "WE'RE VEGAN!" means that the food here is good.  It's really mediocre and the only thing preventing it from being one star in my opinion is the work that they put into decor, atmosphere, and service.  If you want to come here with a friend, share a basket of thyme fries or a dessert, you probably won't be disappointed.  If you want a great meatless meal in the Phoenix area, however, the Supreme Master Ching-Hai has the lock on it.
The Green Restaurant is good.  Good vegetarian sandwiches
Loved it!!!!  Im a new vegetarian and am sooo excited to have found this place.  The buffalo chicken wings are exceptional.
Meh. TINIEST portions ever! I paid $3 for the lamest serving of a side of fruit I have ever seen in my life. Literally, 6 bite sized pieces of fruit....for three dollars. Same with all the other sides. 

If you are a vegetarian for health reasons, don't even think about this place. The only items that are remotely healthy are 2 of the salads, both of which don't have mock meats (which are all deep fried BTW). But, why go out for that when you can make it at home? 

The burgers are mushy. The "no harm chicken parm" was seriously barely any mock meat-mostly fried breading with oily vegan cheese. Again, good if you don't care about health but..... seriously? Blech. I'm a steak fry kinda girl, so their fries blow IMO.

The tahini coleslaw, however, is fantastic. I could eat buckets of it but it's a "side", so for $3, you get a measly serving of cabbage. Lame. 

Dessert sizes (which exception of tsoynamis) are pathetic. $3 for that tiny peanut butter bar? Again, lame LOL. 

Since it's really the only 100% vegan in the east valley it is passable, but it is *NOTHING* compared to places in SoCal or New York or Portland.
I love this place and I'm not a vegetarian. I don't have the faintest idea how they get tofu to taste like chicken, but it's great!
Great menu and nice atmosphere. Love the walls! Read the story about Fred on the wall, it will make you happy while you eat the great food!
This place is pretty interesting. Its a little hard to find if you've never been there before, its in a little strip mall nudged right into the corner by a print shop and a skate shop if I remember right. The decor is actually pretty cool and trippy. One wall is all yellow with a gigantic paragraph/quote of text on black that takes up that whole section and there are some cool paintings decorating it. It has this kitschy meets hippie vibe. Countr people were nice. I had mock chicken with noodles and you get served in the slanted ceramic bowls they have at mongolian BBQs like Genghis Grill. I had the mock chicken and noodles and if I didnt know better, Id swear it was pretty close to the real thing, the portions were pretty huge I didnt finish mine, but it was pretty cool to check out at least once, though I had kind of wished Id ordered the vegan chili fries when all was said and done.
All you need to know, THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. All around.

The atmosphere of Green is artistic, fun and comfortable. Had you never heard anything about this place before, from the view outside Green you would most likely drive right on by. Its also kind of hidden but that hasn't slowed down their business one little bit and here is why. THE FOOD IS KILLER. Seriously.

The staff was super friendly, they serve and offer vegetarian food as well as all natural beverages, organic, vegetarian and vegan shelf foods to take home. While there I had a kombucha tea to drink, my boyfriend had an all natural cola and we shared the chili fries and the apricot miso bowl with fresh tofu. The portions were great and we were super full after. We spent around $21 after both food items, drinks and tip. Not bad! Especially for fresh, vegetarian ingredients that fill you up.

A fun and delicious time. If you are visiting AZ, make a trip for sure.
I really enjoyed my meal here and the service was really good.  I'm not a vegetarian but I thought the food was delicious!  And their dessert were fantastic too!
Amazing vegetarian food! Great atmosphere! Nice people! Super affordable!  ABSOLUTELY LOVE ITTT!!!!
it's okay. i think there are cheaper and higher quality vegan foods at whole foods! if it weren't so close to the asu campus and scottsdale, it wouldn't be that busy!
The buffalo wings are out of this world-- they're the best buffalo wings I've ever had, meat or otherwise. The Argentine Po-Boy is also excellent. My only complaints are that the prices are a bit high ($8-$9 entrees) for what you get, and the service is a little bit lacking. I'd typically expect lower prices for what is essentially a fast food restaurant, but the food is pretty good.
Out of this world. Great selection on the menu: sandwhiches, salads, noodle or rice bowls, etc. I've ordered the veggie burger, the pad thai, and a few of the other rice bowls and have never been disappointed. Oh, and the buffalo wing appetizer is to die for. Literally. Bring your defibrillator.
The staff are casual and friendly and lack that "yes I work in a vegan restaurant so I'm more awesome than you" vibe. The decor is cool-urban-earthy. 
Prices pretty reasonable, as well as turn around time for food. My pad thai was $7.50 for what is really two portions......I however scarfed it down as one.
Um, I always end up feeling like I should recommit myself to fitting into those skinny jeans every time I see the scene at Green. And it is a scene.

But then I'm also compelled to order those Thyme fries with my veggie burger. What's a girl to do?

Good food :)
This place is awesome!

As you may be able to tell from my other reviews, I am a beef eater. One of my vegan friends took me here on whim, so I figured I would try it and likely not like it. Boy was I wrong!!

I have had so many incredible meals here, I can't even begin to tell you how amazing this place is. How do they make beans / soy taste like the most perfect piece of chicken I have ever had - I am unsure.

The best thing I think I had had, was a special. It was mock duck done in a french style - called "the donald." I am a huge duck fan - and this did not disappoint. I strongly recommend you try this place, and go back often to try new dishes. I have yet to find a dish I did not like.
If you are a veg head ( I am most of the time, but breakdown every-so-often), this is the place for you!  You have got to have the hummus!  They have some of the best hummus ever.  They specialize in vegan food and even if you don't like vegan food, you have to try this place...you just might change your mind.

I had my sister and the kids get some take-out and the kids were not going to like it not matter what.  They loved it!  So even if you are an exclusive carnivore, give it a shot!  You might find a whole new kind of food to love!
Anyone who asks, "are you a vegan to lose weight?" should come to Green and eat their words. And everything else.

In fact, I usually end up at Green with non-vegetarian friends because they claim that it's "Food you can eat that I actually like." Every dish is addictive, flavorful, saucy, and filling. Classic hits include the chicken thai peanut bowl, the singapore tofu bowl (although the mock meats are a shame to miss out on), the vegan BBQ chicken sammich (I just watched a carnivorous friend down this with the delight and voracity of a young velociraptor), and then there are the eternally awesome specials.

Even though you'll probably be stuffed post-meal... make room for dessert. It's mind over matter anyway. Order a Tsoynami - they're like McFlurries with vegan ice cream and epic swirl ins. Standouts include Tsoynamis  filled with anything from frozen chocolate fudge, bananas, kitkats, hazlenut brittle, mint oreos and more.

On a another note, this is also the only strictly vegan restaurant in the Tempe/Scottsdale area with a lively, hip atmosphere. Even if you love steak more than anything in the world (and there are steak po'boys, might I add) at least stop by for a chocolate chip cookie and check out the awesomeness of the place.
EVERYTHING about green is perfectly marvelous. I'm especially a huge fan of the vegan soft-serve desserts &milkshakes. The french fries are delicious, as well. Definitely better than anything you could find... Well, anywhere. They have quite an assortment of sandwiches, noodle dishes, etc. My bestie's favorite is the 'no-harm chicken parm.' Also, they have a lemonade/tes bar &a rack of common vegan groceries for purchasing. The amosphere is toooo cool &the employees, SUPER nice.
As I am considering vegan lifestyle my friend brought me to green for dinner. Nervous about what to order (assuming it would all taste plain or even gross) I ordered off the "sides" menu, a bowl of vegan chile $4- it was delicious! Served with tortilla strip chips. My friend ordered thai peanut bowl $7.50 with crispy tofu & brown rice- I had a few bites & loved it. I will order it next time we come. Veggies included squash, onion, broccoli & carrot.  Intense spicy peanut sauce packed a punch of flavor, a moderate to slightly heavy punch. We finished with kitty ditty ($5)- a soy ice cream with kit kat like homemade wafer cookie covered with dark chocolate broken into bits and the whole thing was topped with organic choco syrup and mixed together like a DQ Blizzard. Yumm.
I was also impressed by the friendly staff & comfortable atmosphere.  very much looking forward to my next visit.
Very good food. I love that they are conscience about Gluten free, organic and local food. Everything here is very good. But all this said, I have to admit that sometimes the veggies are over done or slightly burned or browned from cooking. I prefer to have the veggies steamed then put on the noodles or mixed with the sauce. It seems like the saute the veggies with the sauce and it gets browned and can be not too appealing to the eye, kind of all brown on some dishes. Most of the time the food is good.
Not much of a vegan food fan but decided to try it on whim. Things you do when you are far from home.

The staff was very friendly and the surroundings have a bohemian feel. Visited at night on a weekday. It was fairly full.  I ordered the jerk tofu salad to go. I really enjoyed the taste of the dressing and the flavor it infused in the tofu. The only thing I found odd was the following:

It seems they are interested in reducing waste and polution. they packaged  my salad in cardboard packaging instead of styrofoam,they provided a wood fork  (which shows they are onboard witht reducing waste and care for the environment) but they put it all in a plastic bag. (I guess the SurfRider foundation rise against plastics campaign has not reached Tempe yet). Overall good change of pace
Wow what a great place, I flew in to Phoenix for business and thanks to Yelp I found this great with reasonable prices even better than what we have in LA !! Had the Chicken BBQ Burger !!!
Ate here a few months ago on vacation. If I remember correctly, I ordered the poboy. Messy and DELICIOUS. Definitely need to check it out again next time I'm out here.
Let me preface this by saying that i am not a vegan, but would LOVE to be; hence, i have a really strong appreciation for all you veggie lovers out there and i try to eat like you as much as I can - but i do consume meat....so maybe my body just wasn't used to all this soy protein and that's why i had really bad indigestion after visiting Green. 

Also, both of my friends didn't feel well after eating at Green either. All of us just felt so bloated and unwell after our meal. Is it normal for a carnivore to feel this way? 

My husband got the Mexi-Cali burger. The "meat" didn't hold together and seemed like mush....which means the texture wasn't appetizing. The vegan cheese on that thing was NOT good. 

I got the steak po-boy. It was really more like a philly cheesesteak without the cheese. 

Our friend got the peanut curry noodles. He liked the first few bites.

We really, really, really wanted to like Green esp after all these rave reviews and for the veggie lover, i'm sure this place is heaven! But for us semi-carnivores, it just didn't sit well. I'm sorry, i wish my review could be better!
Even a non veggo can come to Green and enjoy one of their many authentic  vegan friendly meals. 

Whether you're looking for a healthy bite with some friends or just grabbing a  tSoynami as a treat, you'll leave green with a smile on your face. I usually combine a mix of pretzels, chocolate, caramel & marshmallow but the choices are infinite. use your imagination and create something to suit your taste bud needs.

I must admit, i dont fancy their eco friendly recycled utensils. I feel as though they leave that cardboard flavored taste in your mouth that i've never seemed to enjoy much. Then again, it's a price im willing to pay to go GREEN. 

The vegan chocolate peanut butter bars found by the register are a delicious treat to take on the go. I've always wanted to get one of the many psychedelic coloring books provided by local artists but at  around $20.00 cost, I've yet to splurge my student income. I suggest checking this place out. Whether you need a quick feed after yoga, a snack on the run, or even take-out for dinner, Greens the place to go.

There are always positive vibes flowing and the helpful employees make it an enjoyable atmosphere to kick back and relax.
Gosh, Green is just the best. I wasn't even vegetarian when I first started coming here, much less vegan. I didn't even know it was vegan until a few trips in. I'm about 90% vegan now but it doesn't even matter. Good food is good food.

My favorite thing to get is the Original G po-boy with sweet potato tots, but always always check their specials. And the soynamis....eat them. Eat all of the soynamis.
While I love Green and I have reviewed before about how fantastic it is, I've since noticed certain things on several occasions.

#1. When I order take out the portions are always smaller than when you are in the restaurant. I get home thinking I'm going to be able to share with my fiance only to find that it is a much smaller portion than at Green. Just today I called in for takeout, and for how much the wings and crab puffs cost you barely get anything. Definitely doesn't seem worth it. Vibe buster.

#2. The mystique has sort of worn off and I'm now seeing Green for what it really is: a vegan's junk food spot. Which isn't a bad thing since we all need one of those, but it's sort of disheartening to those that'd like to be a bit more healthy. Not all of their foods are complete junk food but I wouldn't call it healthy.

#3. They're pretty secretive about what's in their food. I went up to the counter to ask where they get their mock chicken from (because it's freakin' delicious and I pretty much hate all other mock chicken I've tried). The guy I asked basically babbled some spiel about how they go through so many distributors and get them from all different places. Knowing full well that he was basically saying he couldn't tell me, I asked anyway if he could tell me a specific brand name and he said no. Any other veg place I've eaten at has been more than happy to divulge this information. Did that suddenly make me stop going because I wanted to make all of the dishes at home myself? Of course not. The whole point of eating out is for the fun of it. That really bummed me out.

Green, I hate to say it, but you've kind of disappointed this vegan. Now I'll sulk away and go research Google for some awesome mock chicken.
I love Green. All of my friends (veg or not) love it as well. They never have any qualms about going to Green for a meal (or treat). I go to Green a few times a month, and always leave happy and full! You can't go wrong with the wings. I typically  try the special if there is one. My go-to is the Original G. It's a buffalo faux chicken sandwich-sooooo good! I am mildly obsessed with their wing sauce. Other faves of mine are the BBQ Chkn Sandwich, the Ranchero Salad (Sub buffalo sauce for bbq), the Spicy Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl, and of course Soynamis. 
The staff is mostly pleasant and accommodating. Green is a great place to people watch, too. Yes, it definitely has a hipster feel, but there is quite the variety in their cliental. 
Green maybe not offer the healthiest and lightest of vegan fare but definitely some of the best tasting! Highly recommended!
BEST RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA.
My favorite is the No Harm Chicken Parm. GET IT. You'll die and go to food heaven.
My favorite side dish is the Tahini Cole Slaw. FREAKING DELICIOUS.
Not only is every single item on the menu perfect so far, but the service is incredible. The staff is patient and helpful......darling people working there.
Thank god there's a new location in Phoenix. I'm going every weekend.

Not a joke.
If I was given the option to eat nothing but meat for the rest of my life (and stay healthy) I would do it. And if it could be nothing but fried meat with gravy smothered all over it... even better. Yet here I am at a vegan restaurant... and I ate every single bite of my diablo red... and I'm excited to come back... has Hell frozen over my friends!? I doubt it. I think Green just has an absolutely phenomenal chef. Kristen's secret barbecue chicken sandwich was great too, you basically would have no idea these were vegetarian dishes. While the atmosphere is a little too hippie/hipster for my general liking, the food was really good and the staff were awesome and very willing to help us first timers. You've gotta try this place, if nothing other than to expand your culinary knowledge, but I'd be surprised if you left disliking anything you tried.
I like this place a whole lot. The atmosphere is pretty neat (unhinged car doors along the wall, couches set up for comfortable nomming, and pretty writing on the walls. I don't know much about the vegetarian/vegan lifestyle, but I do know that every vegan item I have ever put in my mouth has been immediately spit out. I told the girl taking our orders that I am not a vegan, thinking I may be shunned from the establishment, but instead she told me she wasn't either and then she assured me that their faux meat actually tastes like sweet, juicy, animal meat (my words, not hers). Praise Jesus! And she was so right! I had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, and it actually tasted like chicken! However, it didn't feel any healthier to eat. Loaded with BBQ sauce and mayo, I still felt like a fatty. My husband, also the polar opposite of anything vegetarian, ordered the Diablo Red and fell in love. This place is nearing a 4 star review, but the menu looks so scary to me that I don't know if I can give it a 4 yet. Lots of spicy items and I don't like spice. Really good food, service, and atmosphere. As the Terminator once stated, "I'll be bock."
Some of the best veggi/vegan food around & def the best here in AZ. Are you unsure of what meat substitutes are or taste like?  Green really nails it...& their fake 'chicken' is seriously some of the best Ive had across the country ---- try the OG Poo Boy sandwich, a spicy buffalo 'chicken' sandwich on a sub roll (so delicious) or I usually get the Ranchero Salad Buffalo wing style instead of BBQ.  Seriously I cant go there without getting the Buffalo anything!  Check out their new location in Phoenix on 7th st ---- with their dessert cafe next door, 'Nami' you can get fantastic vegan pastries, Soynami's (vegan version of Dairy Queens blizzard), cupcakes, coffee & more!!! SO GREAT! +++
As good as it gets. Tsoynami is to die for and vegan wings! yum
Green is my absolute favorite place to eat on this earth! You can't go wrong with anything you order off the menu. It's all delicious, from the wonderful appetizers, to the amazing salads, to the entrees with mock meat. And don't leave without trying one of the scrumptious desserts. Everything is priced very reasonably and that staff is always smiling and helpful. I wish I could eat here every day! Whether you're a vegan, vegetarian, or meat-lover, try this place out. You will NOT be disappointed!
This place is amazing.  I wanted a nice healthy dinner tonight and I got it with a phenomenal dessert.  Had the Thee Green Salad and Edamame.
Staff is very good looking too :)
I will come here every time I come to Arizona.  I can't wait to try some of the other menu items.
Fake chicken has never tasted so good. The "diablo" dish is really really nice.
Terrific vegetarian food.  I ate their twice in two days during a business trip.  The menu is varied, prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly.  I couldn't have been happier with the dishes I ate.
Holy cow! I love Green! It's awesome to have a menu full of nothing but vegan dishes in a somewhat veg-unfriendly city like Phoenix.  My carnivore husband loves it too and talks it up to people just as glowingly as I do.

They always have great specials. Just recently they had a great turkey pesto sandwhich which sounds kind of ordinary, but it was way better than anything I can make at home. Their taco special with mock shredded beef was killer. They even have a Big Wac if you miss that nasty burger from McDonald's.

My favorite dishes are the No Harm Chicken Parm and Meatball sandwich. Their marinara is so flavorful! Lots of garlic, just how I like it. When I lived 10 minutes away and got take out, I could barely keep myself from eating while I was driving because it smelled sooooo good.

When I'm aiming for something healthier, I get their stir-frys with extra fresh tofu, no rice. Apricot miso is my favorite of the bunch. Salads are great too, but then I usually feel compelled to order a delicious tsoynami to undo their health benefits.
New Phoenix location is even better than the Tempe location!
A really great restaurant, this deserves to be said first, and the best vegan/vegetarian in Tempe.  Going on my best of Tempe list.  If you are one of my anonymous followers on Yelp, you know I love meat.  When we make plans to eat at Green, I get excited because the food is great despite the fact that there is no meat.  They just make great food at Green.

I usually get one of fruit-flavored sodas that come in the glass bottles from the refrigerators next to where your order your food.  Never had one that tasted good, but it is fun trying them all.  Maybe one day I'll start worrying about my sugar intake.  And the tSoynami's are really good, but closer to a dessert than a drink.

The wings were suggested to me on my first visit, which seemed a bit daring for a vegan restaurant, but . . . they were great and I get them all the time.  I would not recommend a vegan pizza unless you know what you are getting yourself into.  My mostly vegetarian daughter lives off of cheese and mushroom pizza, but couldn't stomach the vegan verity.  Now she has the crab puffs and peanut tofu appetizers.  And my vegetarian wife gets whatever she wants and doesn't have to ask about unmentioned ingredients, which I have been told is a rare and liberating experience.

The layout of the interior provides a friendly and inviting atmosphere.  We usually try to snag the couches.  Art from aspiring artist usually decorate the walls, and the bathrooms offer really cool sinks.  Opposite the wall of art is a mural made up of re-used and re-claimed materials.  I like it and my daughter always has a few questions about it (e.g., Are those car doors real?  What is that?), which gives me a chance to point out that re-using is even better than recycling, although both have merit.  A few more visits to Green, and I'm sure my daughter will know what I'm talking about.

And our Tempe location, the original location, is better than your Phoenix location.  There, I said it.  But maybe I should try the Phoenix location first.
Much built up anticipation over this place... it's located far from my house and I don't have many veg friends, so I knew it would be awhile before I could try it out. But as a life long veggo I was super excited that there was a comfort food all vegetarian restaurant in the valley, that wasn't too strange. Finally!

It was different than what I expected inside... much more casual I guess. Counter service and fending for yourself over finding a table. I thought the decor was pretty unique and cool though.

I liked the selection of teas and lemonades. The green tea was yummy.

For starters we had the artichoke dip and crab puffs. Both were delicious but we were a little disappointed with the serving size of the crab puffs. 4 little pieces...

3 of us had the Po-Boy sandwiches. I had already tried a piece of the buffalo chicken at Devoured so I knew I would like the sandwich. They did not disappoint! All the components of the sandwich were good. The bread tasted bakery fresh and even the vegan mayo was good! It tasted just like real mayo. The shoestrings were hot and crispy, like upgrades fast food fries. My husband had the no harm chicken parm, which he thought was good but not great. He didn't like the texture of the cheese.

Kinda wish they had a liquor license... a glass of  wine or a brewsky would definitely enhance the meal. It seems like a lot of vegetarian eateries don't serve alcohol. What a shame.

We will definitely be back. There are so many other dishes I want to try!
Love the wings!
Amazing. Just stopped for snacks, had the fake crab rangoons and samosas. Very good. Will mos def come back to dine, hopefully several times, when in town. 

Love that they sell Diaya in the cooler and other lovely products, books and junk foods!
I think this place is OK. I believe most people who like it are new to vegitarian-vegan items.
Stopped by for lunch the other day and I can say I was pretty impressed.  It's kind of hard to spot since it's in the corner of a very small and crowded parking lot, but don't let that deter you.  I liked the decor and the setup of the restaurant.  Our food came out very fast and was pretty awesome.  I got the orecciette pasta with the "meatballs".  I'm not a fan of fake meats.  If you are going to be vegetarian I say just be vegetarian, but the meatballs in the pasta were more like falafel and were great.  I will definitely be back when I make it to the side of town again.

Try:

orecciette pasta
Phoenix needs more quality vegan places like this!! The ice cream is an amazing value $5!!
Been meaning to try this place for a while and was finally in the area for lunch.  Had the "no harm parm" chicken sandwich.  Was super tasty except I discovered I'm not a fan of mock cheese.  I love me some mock chicken, but apparently not mock mozzarella.  Had the thyme fries as my side and they were awesome, and I'm usually not a lover of shoestring fries.  Warning though, they were very garlicky so had to do double duty on the mints after wards since I was meeting clients.

Looking forward to going back to try the mushroom "chicken" drunken noodles!  Yum!
For vegan fare, it's passable. I liked the food, but not totally in love with it. The teas were the best though, and didn't have any dessert but it sounded amazing.
After living near Austin and sampling the city's wide array of vegan spots, perhaps my expectations are too high - but everything I have tried at Green has just been "meh."  This is vegan junk food, but it isn't remarkable.  The predominant flavors are salt and oil.   Much of the stuff reminds of foods I would make at home with prepackaged ingredients (especially when tipsy), and it's not the quality you would expect from a highly rated restaurant.
 
I enjoy pigging out on salty fats as much as the next person (just check out my blood pressure), but I expect more interesting flavors, textures, menu offerings from a vegan restaurant.  And...no beer to wash down the grease?  No!!

However, if you want to have a good vegan 'greasy spoon' moment, there's slim pickings around here.  So I have been here several times, and have concluded that the best things on the menus are the fries, buffalo chicken, and salads.

STARTERS

Chili Fries - Mushy, greasy, soggy.  The sauce tasted sweet and somewhat ketchupy, with rubbery soy crumbles.  So salty my mouth burned.  I still finished the plate, though.

Crab puffs - Again, a bit greasy, but that's to be expected.  You can't really *not* enjoy the taste of salt and grease.

Samosas - Dry/crumbly inside and not as flavorful as I had hoped for.  Nothing that could compete with an Indian restaurant's offerings.

Hummus - I found the hummus bland and the pita dippers almost institutional.  One item on the menu that isn't soaked in grease, and it's flavorless - really illustrates how much Green relies on salt/fat to season.

Eggless rolls - Nothing special.  You could get these anywhere.

ENTREES

Ranchero salad - I enjoyed the vegan ranch dressing and the combo of chicken texture with the salad greens.  The buffalo wings had a good meatiness and an excellent sweetish vinegary sauce.  Not a healthy salad at all, but tasty.

Meatball po-boy - I ate the whole thing, but it isn't remarkable.  Plain white sub bread (perhaps a bit stale), standard tomato sauce, and what seemed like premade (not house-made) soy meatballs.  Similar to a bag of Veggie Patch or Nathans.  A generous smear of vegan cheese.

Mexicali Burger - Ew.  I couldn't finish this.  The patty was bland, mushy, wet, and had the consistency of pre-chewed bread bits.  No thanks.  Perhaps if they cooked it longer and crisped the outside, it would be better.  The "nacho cheese" sauce was just as offensive.

Green Burger - I tried a bite of my dining companion's.  Soggy again, and she did not finish hers either.  Please, Green - change the burger recipe and preparation.  A vegan joint *needs* to have the veggie burger mastered!

SIDES

Tahini Coleslaw - You wouldn't expect something with tahini to be so bland, but this stuff is.  I am generally a coleslaw fan, but this stuff is just not restaurant-quality.

Pasta salad - Bland.  Sigh...

Shoestring thyme fries - Crispy, thin, delicious.
I love Green! When I moved out to AZ Land from Cali... I was soo sad that i couldnt find any vegetarian places then I discovered green! I am a patron! There all the time! The food is soooo delish! I am constantly craving a tasty asian bowl or their delish buffalo wings with their crisp green salad!!! bliss.... love love love love love love love :)
Even for meat eaters, Green has a lot to love. A lot more than just tofu! I go here at least a couple times a month for lunch and it's spectacular 95% of the time. A few of our favorite items are the BBQ "Chicken" sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis. Everything is fairly priced ($8 for a sandwich, $7.50 for a bowl w/ your choice or rice or noodles). The only thing I don't particularly care for is the buffalo wings as I think they are far too salty. The ranch that it comes with is fantastic, though. Also, if you get something with cheese make sure to use Daiya instead of Teese. Daiya tastes much better, in my opinion.

The atmosphere is very artsy. There are always paintings for sale and there are a bunch of old car doors and hub caps over to one side. They just got a few booths which is fantastic if you want a little privacy. There is free wifi, a booshelf will all sorts of great reading, and the staff is always super friendly.

Another great thing about Green is the vegan market. They have all sorts of great vegan foods and books for you to spoil yourself with. It's the only place I know of where you can find Teese, Food for Lovers Queso and Soy Curls. As an aside, I highly recommend Soy Curls as a healthy replacement to the meat in your fajitas or cheesesteaks.

Another thing you absolutely must check out is their annual ThanksLIVING festival on Thanksgiving. They will load you up will all sorts of delicious and traditional Thankgsiving day food, veganized. "Turkey", stuffing, biscuits, brussels sprouts, asparagus, cranberry sauce, gravy, corn, pie and a drink. You'll get guest speakers, live music and local arts and crafts. Highly recommend.
I'm not even Vegitarian and I dig this place. Went there with a friend and was pleasently suprised. The ice cream is great! Cool vibe.
Oh so tasty, with excellent vegetarian and vegan dishes that can taste better than the original meaty versions.  The no harm chicken parm was excellent, with perfectly crisp breaded seasoning, flavorful tomato sauce, vegan cheese that was a very close texture to mozzarella, on a soft fresh bun.  I also tried some of the buffalo wings, which were tangy, spicy, with a nice texture similar to chicken.  I was surprised to discover that the wings are actually made from mushroom, but that explains why it was so good (I love mushrooms).  While I'm not exactly a vegetarian, I have friends that are vegetarian and vegan, and I do appreciate good food when I taste it, and will definitely go here again to try more dishes.

P.S.  Their vegan ice cream is amazing!  The coffee ice cream with coco puffs is heavenly.
Green is by far one of my favorite restaurants to eat at.  My husband loves it too and he is a carnivore!  Our favorite things to get are the "boneless buffalo wings" and something that another customer shared with me while waiting in line that is not on the menu "the Wendy's pickle sandwich" It is amazing!  Another special they have from time to time is "the big WAC" and I must say it is better than the real thing!!!!!
we always wanted to go here and finally had the money to do so. we loved the chocolate almond milk that was to die for!!! he had homemade lemonade which was very good too. the problem we have with this place is they put agave nectar, soymilk, and tofu in pretty much everything and we can't stand that! it's hard to pick something to eat when it has all of that.

we had sammies (forgot what they are called) with thyme fries omg sooo delicious! the staff was awesome and friendly so cool! they got a fridge of vegan cheese, organic drinks, etc. another issue we have is why does this place have coke products? why be into the organic foods yet ur gonna drink more chemicals yet they carry virgil's root beer which is organic?!
I'm not sure what's going on but it seems like they are adding more salt to most of their stuff and I can barely stand it anymore.  I love this place but honestly they need to ease up on the salt or I won't be able to eat there anymore.  I really wish they would update their menu too.
I haven't anything here that didn't upset my carnivorous stomach... which makes me sad cause I love to explore all kinds of food. That's the ONLY reason the rating is so low. I loved the Po boy they have and enjoyed their drink station and vibe. I like that local artist are welcome to sell and post their work and it all fits. I tried the steak and mushroom sandwich and hated it... forcing it down with a really good iced coffee. Can't really mod the coffee at all but it was good and I hope I will find something that I love.
This was my first outing to a Vegan or even Vegetarian restaurant. Honestly I was expecting more veggie focused entrees rather than faux meat selections. I went with the Coconut Curry bowl with crispy tofu and pan fried noodles. It was tasty, filling and visually appetizing. For dessert I had the fluffernutter (I think that's the name). It's a soy based vanilla ice cream with peanut butter, bananas & crisy cereal in it. DELICIOUS! It reminded me more of ice milk then ice cream. Next time I think I'll get it minus the bananas though. Oh and yes, there will be a next time :)
I had heard about Green before, and didn't realize that I had passed it a bunch on Scottsdale Rd. Me and Jon S. were meeting with someone before they caught a flight home the next day, and decided to meet over late night Tsoynamis. We arrived around 6pm on a Friday night and it was pretty poppin'. They place smells really good, and if I hadn't already had dinner plans I probably would have tried something off of the menu. 

The guy at the register was nice, and I decided on the almond joy-esque tsoynami, with soy ice cream, almonds, chocolate syrup, and coconut. Jon had the pb&j and added vegan cap'n crunch. While we were all consumers of meat and dairy, the tsoynami's were super good. You get about 16oz of goodness, and after licking the cup clean, you don't feel weighed down as you might after eating the same amount of Cold Stone. This is definitely someplace I'd come back to, and may even be daring enough to try lunch or dinner :)
This place alone makes me wish I lived in Phoenix.

Living in LA there are a zillion vegan restaurants, but nothing quite like this.  My husband and I spent two days in Phoenix, and ate at Green both days (actually we tried both Green locations - Phoenix and Scottsdale) and have been craving it ever since. 

We tried various menu items; the spicy buffalo "wings", the "no-harm parm", "crab puffs", the "green burger" and the "coconut curry bowl" - each was AWESOME! We also had to splurge and eat lots of 'nami soy soft-serve ice cream! OMG! 

Thinking I might drive to Phoenix this weekend, just to eat at Green!
Awesome food. Great selection and I'm very impressed with the flavors they get out of the dishes here. This is our favorite vegetarian place in PHX. Good stuff.
We go back here when we want to know what we're going to get... if that makes any sense. You see, it's tasty and they have a lot of options ranging from very healthy to "junk" food and a lot of desserts.  But despite all the choices, it never seems exciting or imaginative but rather, consistent, and kind of like a diner where all the choices are vegetarian. 

And despite how it sounds, I don't mean any of this negatively... sometimes it's exactly what I'm looking for! Good!
I'm impressed with Green. I'm not vegetarian at all, but their fare is substantial and provides a very effective meatless dish with substance. Their meatless chicken wings are really good and have a realistic texture.
  The facility is pretty good, and can get crowded at lunch (a good sign I'd think). It definitely has the "green" theme going. They have a pretty decent little vegetarian grocery (a couple of shelf units of stuff near the register) that have things I'm tempted to buy just to try them out.
After listening about this place so much finally I found a good occasion to visit it. It was a great choice for a Lent Friday and my mom. She had the Drunken Mushroom Noodle Bowl and yes WE SCORED! (she doesn't like food in US in general) so this was a great choice, not spicy, not just meat and carbs, and not overpriced.

My friend had the Singapore Tofu Noodle Bowl and was delighted. And I had the 
Argentine Po-Boy, YUM!! it almost taste like tender beef! though I was not able to perceive the chimichurri ... To finish we had a vegan double (or was it triple) chocolate slice. Happy ladies after that!!!

Staff is really friendly and service is great despite the demand they have. I would join their carnivore caravan if I were around. For sure a lot of hard core carnivore could consider reducing their intake. 

Downside? plastic cups, and other not very earth friendly material in their serving baskets. Maybe  next time !
Yum!

I was skeptical about going to this place because I had been there once before (about 2 years ago at least) and hated my food. However, a friend convinced me and I decided to try it again. 

Well, I am glad I did! The crab puffs were AMAAAAAAAAZINNGGG. I love crab puffs and was so happy to have a vegan version that didn't taste gross. I couldn't even tell it was vegan cream cheese (I'm sure we all know it's usually hit-or-miss) or fake crab! Also, I had the orecciette pasta with the no harm chicken parm, and loved it. The only problem with that was that even though they used Daiya vegan cheese, which I love, is that they just lumped it on the top and it was impossible to spread around, so that kind of ruined the parm part. 

Also, their vegan chocolate chip cookies are incredible and I couldn't believe they were vegan so I even asked again just to make sure! (Yes, they're vegan). 

I will definitely be coming here again. I'm dying to try the artichoke dip and their tSoynami's!
My daughter who once told me she loves whoever invented meat asks to go here, I think that pretty much says it all.
Let me start out by saying I am not a vegan or vegatarian. But seriously, this place is freaking amazing. I'll admit I was a little skeptical about the whole vegan thing but they proved me wrong. 

I get the Thai spicy "chicken" salad. It is the perfect amount of spice for me, not too spicy but just enough to give it flavor. The "chicken" is so good and flavorful. If I didn't know it wasn't real chicken I would have been fooled. Their oatmeal cream pie just the right finish to the meal. 

The way the restaurant is decorated is so different than most places around Tempe. All along the back wall they have old car doors lining the bottom half. On other walls, they have local astists display their artwork that you can buy. It's just a great atmosphere.
Once again, love Green! Tried the diablo red rice bowl with mock beef. SO GOOD! I don't know why I think I can only eat half and take half home with me. Their food is so tasty I end up eating the whole thing! 
Friendly counter staff, quick turn around time with the food, good sized portion, great selection. I have yet to try any of their desserts, but I was starring at a couple customers enjoy their soy sundaes and it reminded me to try one of these treats next time!!
It is so nice to have vegan alternatives and not be stuck ordering side salads everywhere. Just by having a place like this earns them the extra star from 3 to 4.

My friend ordered the sweet & sour tofu and said it was OK. Since we were hitting a bunch of restaurants this night, I didn't have a main course, but I DID get the "tsoynami". 

Speaking to the tsoynamis, they are delicious. Soy based ice-cream blizzard treats. I didn't realize how much I had missed milkshakes since going pescatarian, and this tasted like it came from Dairy Queen (I got the cookies-n-cream tsoynami). All the yummy goodness of a blizzard w/o any of the stomach aches, health issues, or moral issues (or whatever reason you've given up dairy). 

The rest of the menu looks innovative and tasty and I wish we had more time in Scottsdale to try more items. 

If you were to compare this to a non-vegan place, I don't know if it would rank as high. But, for what it is, this place seems to have found a niche and is doing it well.

**things to note** This place is almost impossible to find. It is tucked away in a corner in a non-descript strip-mall (by a car dealership if I remember correctly). If I didn't have GPS, I would have given up on trying to find it. Also, the employees are all kinda dirty looking - expect hippy-types with dreadlocks and piercings and stretched earlobes. While I respect everyone's personal choices, I also appreciate hygiene in the people who are preparing my food... just sayin'....
DELICIOUS!! 

Sometimes I crave a good steak, some yummy roasted chicken or a slice of delicious roast pork but Green has changed my food wants, recently I've been craving the delicious goodness of Green's awesome food. 

From first bite of the drunken mushroom chicken Green won me over. I do love mushrooms but the mock chicken totally fooled my carnivore mind. I love the flavors in the dish and how it was made together. Since my first time last Thursday 3/28 I have been in love with this place. I've had their samosas which are good, the Singapore Tofu noodle, yum yum! the vegan chili fries, outstanding (although next time I'm getting the chili on the side to avoid sogginess)! yes, thyme fries are my new loves. lol. the buffalo spicy "wings" are on point. BuT the one thing that makes Green extra awesome are their... Tsoynamis!!! These vegan treats, wait are they vegan? hmm still are worth my cheat days!! YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMYYYYYYYY! The PB&J is so freaking good, love the peanut butter especially, the butterfinger is just addicting and the banana cream pie is my new crush! 

Green thank you for being around and thank you for your awesome bites. love you. Oh and they have Vitmo... yea that's a star for just being kick-ass!! =)
Overall Experience: Awesome! Green has healthy, incredibly delicious food, a cool indie atmosphere, reasonable prices, and did we say AWESOME food?!

Food: Where to begin. Let's start with the green veggie burger -- big and bursting with flavor! Great patty, great bun, just great, and love the organic mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce! Then the BBQ "chicken" sandwich -- so bold and flavorful! The sliced faux-chicken was so tasty, one of our party who eats lots of meat said it tasted like good chicken!

Also did a twist on the parmesan faux-chicken sandwich, substituting the marinara for pesto, along with the Daiya vegan mozzarella cheese -- delicious!!

Orrechetti pasta with faux-meatballs and tomato sauce -- another winner!

And on the side with all the sandwiches -- great, super-skinny fries.

Toss in some  organic and natural drinks and sodas, and we had a great, enjoyable, and surrprisingly healthy meal! 5 stars

Service: Friendly and helpful, gave good suggestions! 5 stars

Ambience: Cool indie feel, some good art photography on the walls, and minmal but warm wood tables and chairs. Very clean, and the front wall is a garage door, so with that open, the sunlight and fresh air felt great. 4 stars.

Value: Not expensive, good value for the money! 4.5 stars

And once you're done with your delicious meal, head next door to Nami for the vegan, good-for-you version of Coldstone! (Green and Nami are owned by the same people). If you like Native Foods in California, you're gonna LOVE Green. Enjoy!
Awesome vegan spot. Coming from an Austinite, that's high praise. The Kung Pao tofu bowl was amazing. Expand to Austin, even if it is just a trailer ;)
Kudos for offering tasty vegan delights and meat alternatives to satisfy that occasional craving. However, the food here is quite greasy and not necessarily healthy. I ordered the Argentinian Po Boy and it was drenched in oil. The beef seitan was literally dripping in fat, and the peppers and onions were stir fried in far more fat than necessary. I also ordered the spicy peanut chicken seitan salad. The greens could have come out of a bag, the chicken seitan was oily beyond imagination, and the dressings were 99% oil.

The single dollar sign price rating is misleading. This place is EXPENSIVE because the portions are very small. You would expect a Po Boy to come on a decently sized bun, however what I received looked smaller than a basic hot dog bun. It tasted great, but the portion size and high fat content made for disappointment. 

While I am a vegan, I eat a very low fat and healthy vegan diet. Although tasty, the food here is prepared with an obvious disregard to basic dietary common sense. Don't come here thinking you are eating healthy - you are not. However, on those occasions when you want a greasy meal without the meat guilt, this is your place. I would not recommend eating here on a regular basis unless you are prepared to ingest a lot of vegetable oil with its negative consequences.

To the owner and chef - why don't you offer a healthy, low fat menu to those of us who don't want our vegan meal to contain more fat than a quarter pounder with cheese and fries? There isn't even an option for low fat salad dressings. I fear for those who come here thinking they are eating a healthy meal. Vegan /= healthy here. 

Why three stars? Because I enjoy this place on those occasions when I want a greasy fix without having to eat meat or patronize an evil fast food chain restaurant.
I had no idea that there was a Green Restaurant so close to me!  I must say that I prefer the location in Phoenix as far as decor even tho this is the original.  I took my meat eating friend and he loved his special.  As usual the food was great, but I decided to try something different this time and got a Chai Tiramisu Tsoynami.  Note: As I was warned by the server, it tastes nothing like Tiramisu (which is my favorite dessert), but I got it anyway.  It was interesting....it had crushed animal crackers and a taste of ginger.  It was fine but I wouldn't get it again.
I'm. In. Hea. Ven.

This food rocks. Of course, I am biased for a place that is compeletly dairy free. But, they really do know how to work those flavors. Now, I'm not typically big on the mock meat, (vegan food can be made well enough where you do not "miss" the meat in the dish, therefore, no need to replace it) However, I did like the texture of the mock stuff in the sandwhich I ordered. I had the "mock chi-Ken parmesian sandwhich" it tasted *exactly* like mozzarella sticks (or, at least, what I remember them tasting like from years ago....) which I happend to LOVE.....That sandwhich was sooooooo good, even the bread was perfect! I can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu....

Their tsoynamis are good too (tho, not as well made as the Nami location in Phoenix....my friend complained she only had one banana slice in her clunky monkey, where as at the other location it was FULL of banana) I had the Chai tirramasu (or something like that) it was DELISH! I think that is my new fave flavor (or it's a tie between that and clunky monkey) 

So happy this is nearby, and that I don't have to drive all the way to phx to get my nami and green fix :)
I absolutely love this place. The food is amazing and the tSoynamis are even better. I would go every day if I could :)
If I knew vegan food was this fantastic, I'd totally convert and be a Vegan. I recently went to Green out in South Scottsdale and I have been trying to eat my way through the menu. 

For their starters, I've tried the samosa, the chili fries, the egg rolls and "wings." Out of those, I'd say my favorites have been the wings. If you didn't know they were mock meat, I'd still think they were just like boneless pieces of chicken cause the sauce with the wings was fantastic. And the chili fries were fantastic! I usually get the chili on the side to avoid making the thyme fries too soggy. 

I've only done two of the bowls - the drunken mushroom chicken and the diablo red with mock beef. The two bowls were seasoned fantastically and yummy. I do need to try more bowls. I've tried more of the sammies and burgers. The original "g"spicy po-boy is fantastic, but I may be biased since I really loved the wings and that's what they put in this po-boy lol. I tried their no-harm parm chicken sandwich, but wasn't that big of a fan of it, but it was because my mock chicken patty and its breading was coming off and apart due to the tomato sauce so it wasn't enjoyable. My favorite by far was the Mexicali burger; it's a fantastic, slightly spicy, mouthful. As I've said, I'm trying to eat my way through the menu, but I couldn't pass up having another mexicali burger again lol. 

The tSoynamis, their ice cream dream desserts, are a simplistic tasty orgasmic mouthful. The have specialty ones featured off their usual menu; I love their recent one with the butterfingers. It's so yummy and makes me want a butterfinger lol. Their Soy Captain tSoynami makes me want Captain Crunch. Their Cookies 'n' Cream and Ts'more tSoynami is yummy as well. The Cookies 'n' Cream one is a chocolatey heaven. They have an awesome PB&J tSoynami, which is by far my favorite! 

I am so going back and making a dent in their menu!
Hokay, so Green. I've tried vegan food in the past and although some of it is okay I have never found a love for it... That is until I found Green.

This place has amazing food! I had the Medical Burger with the Thyme Fries and oh em gee!!! Super delicious!!! I can't wait until my next visit to try something else. 

Then there is the beverages, I had their natural teas and yummy. Their Sweet Limeade was super good.

Also atmosphere and customer service are also important to me and they did very well with the feel of the place and the staff is very fast and friendly with lots of energy.
Green is the new black, just don't tell my husband! Actually, he might agree with me. Finally got the meat eater to come to Green for the first time and he was in heaven! It was my third time there and this time I got the Spicy Thai dish and my husband got the Kung Pao. Both meals were delicious, filling and satisfying.  We may actually head back there for dinner tonight!
I decided to re-write my review for Green. Since then I have been handed a plethora of new information about their menu that might make it more appealing for almost anyone.

One of my previous complaints was that besides some of their sandwiches and their salads, their food was particularly oily, or greasy, etc. I thought, this place is too good not to have some sort of alternative to this situation and guess what? There is a solution. I admit, I prematurely judged the cuisine before asking enough questions. Turns out, almost everything on the menu, especially the entrees are customizable to the point that you can almost make anything on the menu fit your preference and the staff is more than accommodating and gracious about it. 

I have since had a lot of items on the menu and been able to get many items to fit my dietary preferences: sandwiches (the Wendy's Pickle is a great customizable one), almost all the bowls I have tried with less oil, steamed veggies, or light sauce, etc. The salads I have swapped out the meats for different kinds of tofu or light sauce, etc. Almost every time, my food has been delicious and if it wasn't, it was usually because my choice of customization was poor. 

Not to mention, like I said in the last review, this location has great service, as do all the locations and it is clean too. 

Whether a ravenous carnivore, local vegetarian vegan, out-of-towner, or whatever, I can pretty much attest to the fact that you'll more than likely find one, probably, two items on the menu to satisfy an appetite.
Am visiting friends who are vegen and went out to dinner...my first vegen restaurant!  the only word i can think of is outstanding!  the crab cakes are succulent, all our entrees were delish.  Their desserts are to die for!  Definitely will find time to return before going home.  TRY IT, YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!
Excellent food. Excellent service. 
Some staples: No Harm Chicken Parm, Mooshroom PoBoy, thyme fries
My favorite place to hang out & catch up on reading while enjoying the food and surrounding people and energy.  A nice break from the old town Scottsdale crowd that is near where I live.
Glad we found this place! It's a vegetarian joint and I didn't even care because the food was delicious. I got Henry's special (goat cheese, onions, butternut squash) on flatbread pizza...holy crap that was yummy! The husband  got a beet and ginger soup topped with goat cheese. I have no idea what they are putting in that goat cheese but that is what we were raving about 90% of the time we were there. He also got a Caesar salad - it was a nice surprise that they added some raw broccoli in there as well (that way you feel like you are getting -some- nutrition out of it).
I've finally visited this place twice now after taste-testing a sample of their food many months ago. I'm not vegan/vegetarian, but this is still a great place to eat. It's a place that I will definitely visit again.

The buffalo wings are a must-have item. The spicy buffalo sauce incorporates fresh garlic and scallions and is better than I've had anywhere else. I get this appetizer every time I go. The Thyme fries are also a nice appetizer. The fries are thinly sliced, nicely spiced, and not greasy.

The dishes are quite large. I have tried the curry and kung pao entrees. Both had nice flavors, but could use more sauce and neither blew me away. The mock meats used in their dishes are very impressive, especially in terms of texture. The appetizers, for me, are large enough to be a meal. Meanwhile, the entree bowls are big enough for two people. 

There is a nice collection of house drinks, including lime, lemon, vimto (red fruit drink), and green tea. You can mix and match them as you like and refills are free.

For desert, there is a collection of tsoynamis, which are a soy-based ice cream in DQ Blizzard style. I tried the betterfinger version, which was good, but extremely sweet (like eating cake frosting). 

The order line gets backed up to the door, even during off-peak hours. By the way, you order at the counter here, get your own drinks and such, then pick a place to sit. The staff only deliver your food and you clean up after yourself when done. So, this is not a traditional, sit-down restaurant. The environment is very rustic/wooden and laid back. The prices are fair. The staff is very friendly.
I actually used Yelp to find Green for the first time. I can't say I've been to a quality vegetarian restaurant until Green. 

The atmosphere was a little trendy for my tastes, upon first take. The exterior was as plain as any two-bit mom-and-pop joint. It was small, but a lot of people were parked in the lot, and some were dining/hanging outside. The inside? A total surprise! The mood was set by sleak decoration and dimmed lighting. The crowd was pretty hipster and hippie alike. Our waitress had short shorts and dreadlocks.

The food was amazing. The portions were so large that I couldn't finish. Even a simple side order of thyme fries got me a basket with enough fries to share. The taste was superb.

I don't go to this location as often since I've found that their 7th street one is closer to me, but Green has quickly become one of my all-time favorite restaurants.
I have been going to Green for a long time now and I have to say it is my favorite restaurant! All the meat eating friends I have ever brought there always ask when I am going back because they really enjoy the food as well. I just found out that they have been going without me and taking other friends, which I guess is okay since more business for this local restaurant is always great! I've never had a bad experience there and the staff is always amazing! I will be stopping by before I move down to Tucson.
Green's food is good enough to turn me vegan (just kidding i love meat)! But seriously, before ever trying Green, I thought "how can this vegan crap possibly be any good?". Eat here, you'll understand. The "no-harm" chicken parm is out of this world, as are the "burgers" and the buffalo chicken wings. I've never had a bad dish here, and the texture of the faux meats are strikingly similar to the real thing... if I didn't know any better, I'd swear it was! 

Save room for dessert! The Tsoynamis are a vegan version of a DQ Blizzard, yet again somehow just as delicious, if not better!!!
We LOVE this place & go every time we are in the area. It's artsy eclectic style has cafe style tables as well as a sofa and chair seating area. Different art decorates the walls. The exterior is very blah, but don't let it fool you. Once inside you will find a really hip & trendy place. Great friendly service with amazing food. The green hummus rocks as do their Soynami's! The Green burger is phenomenal too! It's always busy, but well worth the wait. We have never had anything there that wasn't good. Very affordable too. My kids & I are vegetarian while my husband is vegan and this place satisfys us all. This place is a quality vegetarian place & they like to be eco-friendly & green... added bonus as far as I am concerned. Can't wait to fly back to the Phoenix area to stop in this awesome gem of a place!
WOW! What a find! We just went vegan a month ago and this place was a phenomenal find - it gave my husband the will to survive :) vegan 'junkfood' - everything you can imagine in vegan format. There's no deprivation in sight here!

We had the Mongolian bowl, vegan chilli cheese fries, Texas poboy, BBQ chicken sandwich and mint Choc chip tsoynami for dessert. Amazing food, tasted like the 'real' thing, only this IS the real thing - real food. Wow!
Given that Green has 400+ reviews and four and a half out of five stars, I'm pretty sure everything that needs to be said, has been said. 

Between my sister, her boyfriend, and myself, we had: 
BBQ chicken pizza, Spicy Peanut noodle bowl with chicken, Crab Puffs, BBQ chicken sandwich, and my sister's boyfriend had a strawberry almond milkshake. For dessert, I had a chocolate almond milkshake and my sister had the Soy Captain Tsoynami. 

We're still in a little shock that EVERYTHING we had was 100% vegan. The three of us are lactose intolerant; I kept on waiting to get sick off the milkshake but it never happened. 

The only complaint I have is that a places like Green are few and far between. Literally. I live in San Diego (I only know of one other fully vegan place in my area), Green is in Tempe, AZ. 

As an omnivore with a meatatarian streak, Green is allll kinds of super amazing.
So far, this place is the best vegan resto that I've ever meet. The menu have a lot of option. I tried the green salad (awsome flavor!), spicy fried tofu with peanut sauce (it reminded me to my Indonesian peanut sauce!). Bravo! I can't go back to try others menu. Total 3 orders was $$..:)
Awesome concept. Super customer service. Unique Idea. Delicious fries and soy blizzard type dessert.  But, the vegan burgers that my husband and I  ordered were tasteless and borderline "gross". I couldn't eat 3/4 of it, and threw it away. Still, in the future I might give it another shot.
I have been to Green on several occasions and I have never been as impressed as my friends. The jerk tofu and spicy peanut salad are good, but I feel they are overpriced for a few pieces of tofu/meat substitute and plain greens. The green burger was okay but I was surprised by how thin the patty was.

I am in love with their french fries, however! They are incredibly tasty, whether plain as a side or as an appetizer as the vegan chili fries (by far the best item of their menu!).

The tsoynamis are delicious no matter what flavor you get and that is definitely a selling point!
Green has the best vegan food in Phoenix. Weather or not if you are vegan, there is something there for you. Very artsy inside, fantastic staff, amazing "soynamis" AKA a vegan DQ Blizzard. They have a small grocery area in the front as well, all vegan but all amazing. I always get their special without even looking and have never been let down. The spicy Po Boy, and the Mexicali Burger are my fav off the menu, you also get a side and I never stray from the delicious curry pasta salad. On top of it all, they are very fair priced, 2 meals, 2 drinks, and 2 deserts, usually runs about $20. That's great for in house made healthy food.
I asked my Mom to take me somewhere really healthy, while I was visiting her in Phoenix a few weeks ago. She decided to take me to Green. I knew I would like it upon first walking in, and indeed it was very good! They had a lot of fake meat products on the menu, but I decided to go with the Mongolian Tofu. It had great flavor, and it was very filling. I also drank the Sweet Lime, which was very refreshing, especially in 106 degree heat. Everyone we were with enjoyed their food, except my boyfriend, who wasn't too into their version of fake mozzarella cheese...was kind of rubbery, but um, what do you expect? Real cheese is where it's at, hence the reason I could never be a vegan. The inside of this place is also cute -- my kind of place! I wish there was something similar to this in SF, because I would go a lot!
It was my 2nd time there so i kind of knew what to expect.  Practically the only Vegan place around town, unless you count those Ethiopian places.  But i like green for the effort, tastes, and ambiance.  The variety is pretty good ranging from salads, pizzas, burgers, "po-boys" and noodles.  This time i had the Mexicali burger and my lady friend had the spicy peanut sause noodles (with is pretty much like a Thai noodle bowl, with mock-chicken).  The burger was sup-par.  the patty was more of a ground meat texture than a patty so it broke apart easily.  The flavor wasnt really there and it took ketchup and siracha sauce to bring it up.  The fries however very very good.  Thin cut, light and crispy.  Definitely a highlight of that meal.  as for the Thai noodles, it was pretty good too. The mock chicken was very good. not too dry and had a good texture to it...dare i say almost like chicken.  My only complaint is the price.  You really dont get for what you pay for.  the portions  are a lil small and the tofu/mock meat are far and few in between.  but still relatively inexpensive to eat, all entrees are about $10.  but we could get a lil more fries, or noodles or vegies for that much.

another complaint was didnt save enough room for the tsoynami ice creams they looked absolutely delish.  next time... next time

Pros
-only vegan in town
-flavorful with a good selection of dishes
-cute decor


Cons:
-meals a lil small for $10, but not that bad.
So, as a complete NON veg, I was dragged there by my girl who is a veggie.  I was dubious, as I am a total steak man.  I must say that the steak poboy was so good, I ordered 2 with extra meat in each.  I was actually craving them a few days later.  Better than a regular steak and cheese sub as you don't feel like crap after you eat it.
lol
I hate it when she is right.
Decorators seemed to have a fun time putting the place together & walls are adorned with interesting pieces of artwork.
Cashier/order receiver: pleasant and helpful.
Server: lackadaisical, no eye contact.
Food selection: vegetables, soy processed, sugar

Started w/ sweet & chocolaty almond milk shake. Not special but at least not dairy.
Enjoyed thai peanut w/ carrots, brocolli, onions, soft tofu, served on bed of brown rice. The sauce coated everything besides the rice, and had a subtle taste of continental asia, but nothing in particular.
Finished with plastic-wrapped super-sweet peanut butter bar.

Noticed lots of processed soy choices and that my two snacks were very sweet. These two characteristics keep my visits down to 2x's per year.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.
Everything was awesome and totally vegan. I even got my meat loving boyfriend to admit it was great and that is really saying something.
Does anyone know what they use for the beef substitute? Its some kind of mushroom based thing, but if anyone knows how to make something similar I will love you forever!
If you're a vegetarian, you already know about this place. If you're looking to take a vegetarian somewhere -- this place is a sure spot. Best veggie/vegan cuisine I've ever had.
I was here about a month ago with some vegetarian and lactose intolerant friends. The food was surprisingly good. I'd typically go without meat than eat imitation meat because seriously, what good could possibly be in something that fake? However, this time, I went with a thai peanutty veggie (non)chicken bowl with noodles.
I was impressed! But I should have gotten brown rice instead of the noodles.
After that, we shared a tsoynami (cute- it's their vegan milkshake thing) and the (vegan!) cookie dough in it was amazing. I'll be back eventually!
So as our last restaurant in Phoenix, I decided to visit Green, due to its great reviews and popularly. I got the Kung Po with mock beef, which was only $7, which is super cheap and really good.

The restaurant is hidden in like a little corner, so it's a little hard to find, but the interior is nice and beautiful. As a tip, just remember that you seat yourself and you have to get the menus at the counter. Took us a while to realized that.

Overall, super cheap, really good and nice place.(:
I first need to state that I am not a Vegan, but rather a meat eater of the highest order. However, my girlfriend is vegan, and this is her favorite restaurant. If I could eat from this menu 3x a day, I would be vegan too. the Chicken Wings were an amazing appetizer, and both of the sandwiches we ordered were flat out great...vegan or not. This is a great restaurant and I know we will be back frequently.
Everything is good!
I have been coming here since 2008, and I have to say...it's all good, every time! The service is always friendly and outstanding, which goes miles with me...but add to that such a great, unique and tasty menu that non-vegetarians like me are swayed to eat veg. I mean, vegan po' boys, kung pao, coconut curry, garden burgers, meatball sandwiches--all of which are tastier than the so-called "real things". I had the spicy bbq chicken sandwich with a side of curry pasta salad today, which rocked, and with a friend who hadn't been in yet, and who, I'm sure, will be back. May I also suggest the thyme fries, which are a bit of awesome. I don't care about the so-called "scenesters" that one reviewer was complaining about. I like that they replaced the standard soda fountain with a lineup of kombucha, Izze, and other healthy drinks. I just eat happily and enjoy myself here, and notice that everyone else is generally doing exactly the same.

Go Green!
Oh wow, love this place!  I have attended their ThanksLiving event for the last two years and have a great time enjoying delicious fake turkey (made from seiten and breaded), side dishes, and yummy desserts. Plus, the proceeds go to the Humane Society.  

Besides ThanksLiving, this place has faux meat down! Many of my meat-eating friends say that the fake meat is just as delicious with a very similar mouthfeel as the meat they're imitating.  I have ordered salads, stir-fries, and the desserts here and have loved everything.  The stir fry vegetables are cooked to perfection - not too overcooked and crispy but not too raw still. The place can get packed on weekends and evenings, though, so sometimes finding a table can be a problem.  If one chooses an off time, it's usually no problem. 

Besides the slowish service, I haven't been superimpressed with the cashiers.
Good place, my veggie friends love it. The only thing I'd have to complain about is that the "chicken" tastes pretty fake. The Buffalo "wings" are amazing though, its just that the chicken tastes weird in the salad. Fair prices, good flavor and the soy ice cream is good
Really good, high quality food. A little pricey, but very typical of such high quality vegetarian food. I will be a fairly regular customer.
Amazing food for the vegan or vegetarian. Pretty much everything on the menu is top notch.
Vegetarian or not; doesn't matter!

My first "GREEN" experience was in downtown Phoenix.  I was driving around the neighborhood on break and saw this cute little building with the word "GREEN" on it.  Being vegetarian, I thought, "they'll have something for me".  I went in and that was all they have!  I was in heaven!  I got the Coconut Curry Tofu Bowl for two days in a row and found the other "GREEN" in Scottsdale.  Their food is perfectly flavored and I love the hippie atmosphere.  It's always cool to just sit back and enjoy a great meal here.  

**If you're not vegetarian/vegan, you've gotta try this place.  It just might change your mind!
Amazing food, i go here about once a month.  Crab puffs and No harm parm are wonderful.
Excellent flavors, fresh drinks and desserts! When in town I go out of my way to eat here. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian either. 

Keep up the good food and service!
Went here for lunch with some hungry guy friends...did not disappoint anyone!!  Amazing flavor profiles and it was healthy filling food.  Just enough spice to make you appreciate the fun drinks, green tea, lemonade and some weird sweet fruit punch..so good!!!!
I never thought I would enjoy so much vegan food until I tried this place.  I actually like the vegan meat in here better than most regular meat entrees at most restaurants.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.  :)
Not even vegetarian and the Argentine mock-beek samndwich is amazing. Also the sweet potato puffs are like candy.
yes, i'm a vegetarian. no, i don't like meat-flavored, meat-shaped vegetable protein that tricks me into thinking i'm eating meat. if i wanted meat, i'd eat meat. that said, there are plenty of delicious vegetarian dishes that feature vegetables in their natural state here, and they're good.
We arrived shortly after 8:30pm to realized they closed at 9:00.  No worries as they were quick to say, "Come on in!"

Prior to our arrival we didn't know if Green was a sit-down or counter service.  Upon entering we found that it would be a counter service experience.  Nice and laid back. I immediately loved the flow of the restaurant with the painted wooden tables along with tree stumps for some of the seats.  Patio dining is available but the far end also has a see-through garage door that can be opened up for open air dining too.

Quick examination of the menu had me wanting everything.  It's so nice not to have to decipher which items are vegan and which ones aren't.  I settled on the Mexicali Burger.  However, when I went to order I noticed the special...."The Big Wac".  What?!  This is what everyone has been talking about in the Green Facebook Group. You see, The Big Wac is basically the vegan version of the Big Mac.  It's not always available and absolutely everyone was raving about it.  I made the quick switch, ordered the Big Wac with fries and my husband ordered the Kung Pao bowl.

Did the Big Wac live up to the rave reviews? Yes, and more! Although I admit I was never a huge burger person even prior to going veg this may be one of the best burgers I've had in my life.  Seriously.  My husband's meal was also tasty but after a nibble of my burger he immediately wished he had gone for the Big Wac too. Partnered with the yummy thin fries I had the perfect meal.

I can't wait to return to have another fantastic meal!
So every weekend, my husband and I have lengthy negotiations about where we are going to eat. He is a meat lover whereas I am a vegetarian so of course we can't agree on a place to eat, plus he is allergic to snooty "organic" places where an ok dish costs like a million dollars and everyone pretends to like it because it is "the" place to be.

After reading reviews on Yelp and looking at the menu, we decided to give Green a try. I was crossing my fingers because anyway vegetarians don't have much of a choice when eating out. We ordered wings, a BBQ chicken burger and a Mexicali burger. The first wing the husband ate made him a convert; I was already in love with the food and the options and the price. The burgers were great and the fries were DELICIOUS!

We've decided to make this place one we'll frequent. Love the ambience, the quick service and everything about it. Thank goodness for Green!
Amazing food!!  A separate gluten free vegan menu for those of us wanting to skip the wheat gluten.  I can't eat the tsoynamis, so the desserts here aren't as fun as the the Green in Phx that's next to Nami.  Even so, the food is to die for...especially the buffalo wings and chili fries.  OMG!  Besides the "junk" food tho', I love their sweet and sour chicken...yum!
amazing veggie-grain burger! my favorite place for fries
the barbecue 'faux' chicken burger is so damn good.... the sauce in incredible! yum
I like to think of Green as the fast food for the GI challenged.  Whether you're allergic to something, can't tolerate the taste of a particular item, curious of the spectrum of the V's world, drop by this hidden niche.  It's right beside Acme printing and has some pretty decent grub.  I love food but this is a different type of love as in I was hungry an hour later type love.  The food is pretty good with mock grass grazer type substitute which was part of the appeal and sparked my question of "if you can't eat something because you have a particular thought for the furry and cute why try the mock with the same name?"  Anywho personal thought integrated.  The service is very courteous and overall the restuarant is very community involved which is super nice as well.  More than just a place to grab food but also grab some local news!
The three stars is probably unfair because I'm not vegan. But I got a pad thai with tofu and I like tofu, lots of yummy veggies, noodles okay. My boys ordered pizza, some sort of cheese substitute I almost gaged when I tried it, the cheese was gross and the sauce sugary sweet. That was just inedible. My husband got a fake beef dish and that was actually the best out of them all. But if you are vegan why bother with fake beef? I don't get it.  I ordered an oatmeal cream pie it was like biting into a block of sugar. My kids loved it. Never again.
Today was my fourth visit to Green, I've tried something new each time.  I continue to be surprised how delicious vegan food can be.  The mock chicken is surprisingly good and I can't believe how good the doughboy is. 

I plan on trying everything on their menu.
Haven't tried a bad thing here yet!  This is a great place for nonvegetarians and vegetarians alike. The "mock" meat tastes just like the real thing.  Everyone I take there loves this place.  

The atmosphere is super casual with couches to sit on as we'll as tables and booths. The service is always super quick and friendly.
I've been here on several occasions and I am always satisfied! Just pure vegan decadence.
Delicious! I have really been missing the wings from City o City since I moved here from the Midwest, but now I have a source of delicious vegan buffalo wings closer to home.  Aside from the wings, we tried a couple of noodle bowls, both of which were very good. One minor complaint was that some vegetables (I'm looking at you, carrots) were cut so large as to be unwieldy. 

Other than the food, they have a limited selection of vegan groceries and natural drinks. I was excited that they had harder to find beverages, like the non-root beer flavors of Virgil's.
The buffalo chicken wings are tremendous.
the crab ragoons really could have been better

the buffalo chicken po-boy and thee Argentinean po-boy we had the next morning and were very good cold though we recognized that warm they would have been absolutely delicious.

(see my reviews of the other green location and nami for more about the menu!)
First off, I am not Vegan....not even slightly. I love myself a good slice of fish or some wholesome chicken like the next guy. However, I have shifted my lifestyle choices recently to a more healthy overall track. So keep that in mind when reading forward.

Green is the first "mock" food joint I have ever eaten at. Considering the reviews of fellow Yelpers, I took my fiance over here to check it out. We both were cautiously optimistic about the abundance of options on the menu. Laura (my fiance) chose a mock meatball spaghetti, the Orecciette pasta. The mock meatballs tasted more like falafel than meat, however the sauce and earlobe pasta was amazing. Also added in were the veggies within the pasta....overall she really chose an awesome dish.

I chose the seemingly popular Original "g" spicy po-boy sandwich, with curry pasta. Biting into the mock chicken, you could tell it was not real chicken per say..its obvious. BUT, the amazingly tasty flavors along with the buffalo sauce just run rampantly on your taste buds. The curry pasta I got as my side was as good, if not better than the sandwich itself...I could eat that curry pasta all day.

So, with that said, two dishes tried, both tasted AMAZING. You can tell the food is not real, but does it matter when the food tastes so great? I'll answer that for you with a resounding no...no it doesn't matter. It gets 5 stars just for the fact that the culinary experience may be different, but the end result is significant satisfaction on multiple levels. Think about it:  its great for you, the soy products within are amazingly healthy and everything is organic for the most part when you eat here. I will definitely be making plans to set aside a few $'s just for a "Green Fund" so I can eat here at least a couple times a month. Will re-post when I try something else...perhaps the pizza??? Will update soon!!!
I've been here a few times for lunch. I'm dealing with food allergies (soy and gluten being one of them) so I'm a little limited. I can eat a couple of the salads and the coconut curry due to the overwhelming soy on the menu. I believe they have a decent number of gluten-free options if soy is not an issue. The few menu items I can eat are really good especially the green salad and the balsamic picnic salad. HOWEVER, I confirmed with the cook and staff the canola oil is NOT organic which means it is Genetically Engineered (GE) canola oil. You must ask what the oil is if you are ordering something that is cooked, sauteed, etc. To avoid the GMOs ask for EVOO or organic canola. I was told the soy is organic and should be free of GMOs. My meat loving brother and fiance LOVE the Big Wac and say it tastes better than a Big Mac.
I ordered the Texas "Moo Shroom" Po Boy and it was delicious. Portabella, caramelized onions, red peppers and espresso bbq sauce? UNF. Seriously though, that sauce was amazing. 

The thyme fries were perfectly seasoned and not at all greasy. They were a little thin and "stick-like" for my preference but I still ate all of them! That's the only reason I gave the place four stars instead of five. 

I had no complaints about the staff and my order was brought to my table in no time. I'll definitely be returning to Green!
I am a carnivore and I loved this place!!  I got the Spicy Peanut Salad.  It had a nice miso vinaigrette  dressing that wasn't too tangy but had a nice zip.  The salad was very fresh.  I wasn't wild about the texture of the mock chicken and the pieces were too large but, the flavor was good and definitely added to the salad.  We also split green hummus appetizer - OMG!!!  Definitely order that.  The pita chips are fried and nice and crispy....the hummus is a wonderful texture and the flavor tasted like more!  We also split the samosas which I wasn't as wild about.  I was expecting spicy Indian chutney type of samosas but instead, these were more sweet (picture apple turnovers) Middle Eastern type of somosas.  Not bad but not what I was hoping for.  The portions are large for the price and I left feeling very full.  I would definitely go back again and get the hummus and maybe try one of their curry bowls which looked really good.  Great value for the money and nice to know I was actually eating healthy for a change.
I'm definitely a meat eater, but this place was all right. I had the mock chicken which wasn't bad, I just wasn't very impressed with the bowl overall.

I may give it a second try one day to try something else, but there's nothing really enticing about it.
Unbelievable i haven't put my 2 cents in about Green, despite being a frequent customer. this vegan restaurant is so adept at making non-chicken "chicken", you will swear they made a mistake. 

the first time i ate here, i for sure thought they put chicken in my sandwich but was assured it was not chicken. since then, i've tried a variety of their dishes from the noodle bowls to the "buffalo wings" to the "rib" dinner and have never been disappointed with any of my meals. 

Green is a testament that vegan/vegetarian meals don't have to consist of just a plate full of side dish vegetables. the prices are extremely reasonable and the interior decor is kind of like that "kitsh-industrial-hippy" look. customers order at the counter and the food is brought out quickly, and you self-serve drinks so the water glass is always full!
I am not a vegetarian nor a vegan, so I was unsure about going here. Their food was amazing!  After a friend raved about them, I thought I'd try it because I have a dairy and egg allergy, so I can't have alot of foods anymore. I had the creamy artichoke dip and the "beef" drunken mushroom bowl with lots of yummy veggies and pan fried noodles. The "beef" really tasted like the real thing! I wanted to try one of their desserts but I was full. Hmmm.... guess I need to make another trip  :-D
Modern bohemian atmosphere with hearty vegan menu that wont leave you empty. The spicy is not too spicy and the sauces are just right. Great place for good food.
I've been anxiously awaiting to try this place for months!

I'll start with the good...

I'm not a vegan by any stretch and I thought the food was phenomenal! I ordered the Singapore orange bowl with mock chicken and noodles...just wonderful! Seasoned well, fresh veggies, and the mock chicken was a very pleasant surprise. I was expecting it to taste and feel fake, but the taste and texture was just like chicken! 

My friend ordered the MAC and I swear it tasted exactly like a Big Mac from McDonald's! The thyme fries are delish as well!

To top it off I had a cookie dough Tsoynami...OMG...amazing. Like a blizzard that tasted and had the texture similar to mochi. I loved it.

So clearly the food is not the issue. I will come back despite the problems I'm about to list because the food is so good!

The bad...

I was not happy with the service I received. Not warm or friendly at all. I don't appreciate that smug hipster attitude. Sorry. And they don't serve a hot chai latte??? That was annoying. So I settled for tea and they forgot to give me my hot water and then acted annoyed when I asked for it.

My tea cup was dirty. It had lipstick on it. Hello, we are in the middle of a flu outbreak right now! Not happy about that. 

It is expensive. $5 for some ice cream (the tsoynami)? You will not get your money's worth here.

Not many options if you can't have soy. It is in practically everything.

The food gave me horrible gas (sorry tmi). Not the fault of the place but just be aware if you're not used to vegan food. Maybe it was the mock chicken and/or tsoynami because I eat veggies all the time.
Best veggie restaurant in Arizona (not that the competition is stiff here in this cattle loving state, but Green could hold it's own even in more liberal territory). 
Faves: buffalo wings, chili fries, samosas, any of their po'boys, any of their vegan "shakes"
Great place to take a meat eater to introduce them to fake meat options.
I feel like they're trying to compete with McDonald's or something with the new menu. The burgers are thin, full of mostly bread, and have too much sauce. I'm afraid the changes are not a move in a good direction. The Green Burger was good, healthy, and loved. Why get rid of it? I'm sad as I'm going to miss this place. Just can't eat this stuff anymore. :-(
Yummy! Yummy! Yummy! The Burgers are Delish! The Buffalo Chicken nuggets are FAB! The Soft serve is AMAZING!  So glad my bestie introduced me to this gem! Can't wait to go back and try some more awesome food!
Holy mother of veganism this place rocks!

I'm an occasional meat eater and not ashamed about admitting it. But going to this place makes every carnivorous instinct in my body shrivel with shame. If more places like this exist, there would be no more meat-eaters in the world. I know it.

Seriously, every dish I've had here beats its non-vegetarian counterpart by several strides. The fake chicken tastes better than real chicken, especially when it's seasoned so well here. 

Everything from the eggless spring rolls to the "fake" meat bowls and flatbread pizzas is wonderful. Top any dish with endless toppings for just $1 and finish your meal with a tsoynami dessert.

I only wish there's a place that is equally delicious in San Francisco. There probably is, but I just can't seem to find it...

-----

Distinguishing factor: This gem offers some of the best vegan dishes you will ever have. Especially in AZ.
There aren't many options for vegetarian in the Valley, and so there aren't many points of reference for Green.  Regardless, everything I've tried on the menu is very, very good.
It says a lot when a meat eater like myself will visit this vegan restaurant again and again. I have never had a bad meal here. Everything has been great from the original G spicy po' boy to the no harm chicken parm or the big wac that is a vegan take on the McDonald's Big Mac. They have salads, sandwiches, burgers, pitas, and all types of food from American to Asian, to Italian and more. They cary the best micro brewed sodas i have ever had. The prices are very reasonable and the employees are always very nice and give great customer service. Today I had Wendy's Pickle which is a breaded mock chicken cutlet with southern style spicy mayo and dill pickles.  The bread is so soft and delicious you would never guess it was made without milk or eggs. The cutlet looks and tastes so much like chicken that you don't miss the chicken at all. Add in the spicy and creamy mayo, and pickles and you have a fantastic lunch that would make anyone jealous wether they are vegan, vegetarian or a carnivore. The dish is served with thyme fries, tahini coleslaw or fresh fruit. I got the fries this time but I have tried the other sides and they are also great. The fries are long shoe string fries that are perfectly fried and have the best potato flavor with a crispy yet soft texture that makes you want to slam them in your face to keep the happiness going as long as possible. My total bill was $9.25 after tax. My vegetarian wife turned me (her meat loving husband) onto this place and I have come here more times without her than I have with her. That is how good this place is. It is an unpretentious restaurant with quality food. You will love it!
The food at Green was impressively similar to the things they're fakes of. I'm surprised someone said portions were large, they were quite the opposite. I can't imagine eating here often, the food definitely isn't healthy, if you eat whole plant foods, you'll be reminded for a couple days :-/. I was shocked when I asked if there were tree nuts (allergic-not deadly just painful) in anything I wanted to order, it took a while for them to find out & didn't sound sure or convincing (playing with fire). Don't get me wrong, the food is delicious and it's nice for transitioning into veganism or satiating cravings if you need to.
Ooops...I haven't reviewed Green yet. No bother, if you're reading this you're already curious about the place, and should stop in already.

This place is Mecca for Vegetarians in the East Valley, as vegetarian spots/options are hard to come by out there. 

Their mock "meat" is especially great... with just the right texture, perfectly absorbing the sauce or spices it accompanies.

My favorites: 
Spicy Mock Chicken Salad - Filling, spicy, fresh
The Samosas - Sweet/tangy flakey
Balsamic Picnic Salad - Berries berries berries!
Tsoynamis - You MUST Get one...get one...just do it.

Now, the carnivores I've taken here are especially fond of the mock-meat bowls. 
So...anyone you take here should come away satisfied.

They also have Brunch on Sundays with awesome vegetarian options like, a long missed favorite of mine: Eggs Benedict.

Thank you Mr. Damon Brasch.
The food is good.  They put a little thought into their offerings.  If you like meat, I recommend you avoid the 'mock"; no matter the form, mock does not taste like chicken.  If you're a mock eater, you already know Green.

Mike
Okay it is UNBELIEVABLE how much I am in love with this restaurant. I was introduced by a friend last year, and now I go every chance I get. I live in north phx, so green is a little further away from me, but it is totally worth the drive.

 I've tried basically everything on the menu but my favorite dishes have to be the secret chicken BBQ sandwich and the spicy buffalo wings. I used to eat meat but for the past 5 years I have been a vegetarian. I used to miss meat but after I found Green, I stopped having a craving to eat meat. Actually the food at Green is SO MUCH better than any other meats I've had. 

My best friend is a full on meat lover, but one day I made her come with me to Green. She was a little skeptical at first but to her surprise she absolutely loved it. So even if you aren't a vegan or vegetarian, this is a must try.

oh and a little side note, the service is so amazing. The employees are so nice and caring. You can tell they really love their job. Also everything inside the restaurant is recyclable stuff.. so it is pretty interesting to look around the place while you are waiting for your food.
Amazing.  Simply AMAZING food.
I have no complaints at all on this one. My first time here and I tried the Thai Chicken. It was very good, staff is wonderful. I hope to come back to this area again to try out more on the menu.
The cuisine at Green isn't exclusive to any one class of food other than it is vegan, so there are many options to please even the most prejudice of appetites. Green hosts a very casual setting that can accommodate couples and groups just the same. The strings of sparkling lights strung throughout compliment the bright and friendly staff AND the prices are more than fair for what you are getting; good wholesome food. I ate the "green" burger which is made up of house ground & packed oats & barley veggie burger with lettuce, tomato, vegan mayo, ketchup and pickles. It comes with your choice of fries (thyme), pasta salad, coleslaw (tahini), or fresh fruit. Bravo Green.
This place is delicious! At first when my friends said they wanted to go to a vegan restaurant, I was against the idea as I am a firm believer you need some type of meat with each meal.  I could not have been more wrong, everything at Green in delicious, it is easily one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
Awesome food.  Staff was equally as great!  Didn't catch the girls name that had helped me, she had red hair, but she helpful and very sweet.  Two thumbs up!  I'll be back and bringing friends.
I appreciate the authentic taste of my veggies so I was disappointed (three times in a row) with the food being so damn salty.  Perhaps this is their way of enticing tofu-fearing peeps by loading every dish with an abundant amount of soy sauce.  It was almost as bad as tasting ocean water.  Every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable.  If salty sea water is your thing, then this is your place to indulge.  The best thing about Green is the "soy-based" ice cream: but that's probably because it wasn't so salty as the rest of the menu.  Oh, and the food gave my friend the terrible runs.  Ouch! Something to consider if you're not into "mock meat".
My husband and I are vegetarians, and make a point of eating at local veg establishments when we travel. I was very excited when I saw the website for Green...it really looked intriguing. 

We've been fortunate to have been able to dine in a lot of really, really, good vegan establishments, so we have pretty high expectations. The days when "vegan" meant "bland," "underseasoned," "hippy" cuisine are long past, or so we thought. I guess there are still some places out there that are stuck in the 70s...definitely Green fits that description.

I was a bit taken aback, after looking at the website and reading about "Chef Damon's" vision, to find myself in a tiny hole in the wall waiting in line for counter service, though I could have gotten past that had the food been stellar. I was further taken aback to discover that the place apparently doesn't have a liquor license...the only drink alternatives were bottled and cannned sodas from the cooler and a couple of fruity iced teas.

Still, if the food had been good...

I ordered something that isn't on the on-line menu. It was described as blackened faux chicken in a grilled pita with lettuce, tomato, and tahini. My husband ordered the Argentine Po'Boy with Thyme Fries. We also ordered some samosas to share. We both, reluctantly, grabbed bottled drinks from the cooler.

Almost immediately after we'd sat down, my sandwich and the order of samosas came out of the kitchen. We waited for a bit, thinking that surely my husband's sandwich would be along shortly, but after several minutes of waiting, tucked into the samosas. They were OK...not bad; nothing to write home about. To be honest, they tasted as if they'd come out of a freezer box. Any Indian restaurant can do them better, and if you don't absolutely have to be dairy free, that's where I'd recommend you go, if samosas are what you're craving.

The samosas consumed, we sat, and sat some more. My husband finally urged me to get started on my sandwich, which was rapidly cooling, and we both tried a bite of the faux chicken. It was, I have to say, really unpleasant. There was no sign of any blackening seasonings having been used...no sign of any seasoning at all, really. It had an oddly fishy taste to it (too much seaweed in the kombu, maybe?), and was much tougher than most chicken analogs. The pita (which was actually flatbread) didn't appear to have been grilled at all...it was dried out to the point of being crunchy, and there were no grill marks on it at all. The only real flavor in the sandwich (other than the odd, fishy, taste of the analog) came from the tahini. I finally gave up on the whole thing as not being worth the effort of chewing.

My husband's sandwich finally came out, well after I'd given up on mine. I took a bite of the faux beef, and it was OK. It reminded me of the faux beef strips you can buy at Trader Joes. The fries that came with were nicely crispy (shoestring style), but there was not even a hint of thyme about them. They'd do best to just call them "French Fries" and have done with it.

My take? If you're a vegetarian, you'd do better to eat at Lalibela. If you're a vegan...well, this place will keep you alive, but you'll pay more than it's worth and, if you're familiar with really good vegan cuisine, you won't be happy with it. If this is the best Scottsdale has to offer vegans, you're better off cooking at home.
The food: I have had all sorts of things from the menu - the "chicken" sandwiches are amazing. The no harm chicken parm and the bbq chicken. YUMMMM! The bowls are tasty and satisfying. The chili fries are a nice treat. My favorite dessert is the chocolate peanut butter bar. Drooling just thinking about it. They also sell vegan products like fake cheese, cookies, grains, etc. You don't have a server, you order at the counter, get a number and someone brings out your food. They do have a tip jar at the counter. TIP THE STAFF! They are all nice and friendly there and will help you if you're stuck figuring out what to get. I've never been disappointed. I've gone many times when I lived in Phoenix and made a point to go back on a recent visit. Will eat here every time I'm in town.

The actual place: The vibe inside is casual and low key. The walls and furniture are bright and colorful. They have booths, tables and couches (my favorite corner). Very cozy. Limited outdoor seating when the weather is nice.
We were very excited to try Green since there aren't very many vegan restaurants around the Valley.  Unfortunately, we were highly disappointed!  Because so many people in reviews raved about the hot wings we decided we had to give them a try.  We neither one could eat them, they were hard and dry with very little taste to them.  We also tried the eggless rolls which were ok however very greasy.  We were surprised to have the BBQ bacon burger that we shared come out with a white bun instead of whole wheat.  I don't understand why the Chef/Owner quit with the healthy aspect of a vegetarian/vegan menu and put in a processed white flour bun!  I realize there are vegans who do eat gluten products, however there are those of us who prefer to eat gluten free.  I have never written a bad reveiw of a restaurant before so I feel very bad about this, but I felt I needed to.
Wings are awesome!
Big Wac tastes just like a Big Mac!
The best food: tasty, fresh, reasonably priced, served in a totally unpretentious setting. Great selection of dishes and drinks. The vibe is very laid back. The last time we were there a group of bikers parked their choppers in the parking lot, came in and chowed down on some real vegan treats. Very copasetic!!
I'm not a vegetarian, but i like eating healthy. The food here is good for vegetarian food. I usually just get one of there veggie burgers, but I don't like the fake cheese. I think it is daiya cheese. I need to make sure I don't get it next time. It's a bit pricey, but fake healthy food is expensive. If you are a vegetarian you'd love this place, but I still like eating meat so this place is just OK for me.
New american veggie restaurant. ...pretty darn good! The fake meat is cooked well and has a good texture. We ordered the bowls, one with noddles and the other with brown rice and both were full of flavor and did not taste like what you would normally expect out of a vegetarian restaurant...it didn't tasty "healthy", it tasted good. We also got the spicy edamame.

Love the taste and the flavor, only flaw is the price point. I would come here again, but if the price was $2 dollars less on each item, I would come here at least once a week.
Great veg restaurant. Ate here three different times during my trip to the Southwest. 

The Big Wac is where it's at. The combination of sesame seed bun, the pickles, the sauce, the thinner burgers, and a side of skinny fries is eerily satisfying in that nostalgic McDonald's kind of way.

The BBQ chicken sandwich was pretty solid. I stole some of my friend's peanut tofu and noodles... they were pretty good too.

I split a Tsoynami - I think it was the smores one. It was good, for being vegan.
You know what. Im not even going to write a long detailed review. 

If you are a vegetarian/vegan. Go here
Simple as that. You will not be dissapointed.
Beware you will probably come back a dozen more times.
I honestly end up at Green every few weeks. I love the atmosphere, service and food. Whether you're vegan or not you will enjoy their food (I brought my non-vegan grandparents here for my birthday and they could not get over how amazing vegan food can taste). 
The menu is great and there is something for ANY mood. Although you've GOT to try the "crab" puffs. Also- tsoynami. Enough said.
I live in Tucson. Sorry to say it, but the one vegan restaurant here in town (Lovin' Spoonfuls), as hard as they try, doesn't hit the mark like Green does. I've been patiently waiting to incorporate a visit to Green into my usually busy and brief stays in Phoenix. Today was the day and I was not let down. Started off with the buffalo wings and artichoke gratin. The wings and ranch dip were fantastic. The wing sauce itself was a true standout and the ranch was as about as authentic as a vegan version could be. The artichoke dip was ok but not stellar. It was a bit soupy and probably would make a better sauce than anything else. For the main, I had to go with the Big WAC. It was at this point that I found myself in vegan nirvana. My high hopes for this plant based version of the American fav were exceeded. It tasted somewhere between the Big Mac and In n Out Double Double that I enjoyed so much in my omni days. A carnivore could easily be deceived by the tastes and textures of this burger. Towards my last couple of bites I felt a strange sadness knowing that I would have to drive 100 miles to have this treat again. The fries were good but there was no trace of thyme on them which for a thyme lover, is kind of a let down. All in all, I suspected that I was going to love Green. And my suspicion was correct. I can see myself frequenting Phoenix much more often because of this gem of an eatery. And contrary to previous reviews, I did not witness a cooler than thou, hipster attitude from the staff. The girl at the counter was very friendly and patient and several employees came by the table to check up on us. Keeping my fingers crossed for a Tucson location down the road.
So love this place ! Amazing food and cool atmosphere ! Plus owner donates to animal charities ... Can't get better than this
Came here to grab a quick bite with our daughter before our tour at ASU.  She loves vegetarian and vegan food and this place did not disappoint! She had the Thai peanut bowl with noodles and tofu, I had the same but with mock chicken and my husband had the curry bowl with rice and mock chicken. They were all large portions and the flavors were great.  My husband's was a little dry so he asked for more sauce which they brought right out.  We all agreed we would definitely come back again.
Today I took a continuing education course at Sky Song which lasted for 8 hours. I knew the snacks I packed would only hold me over for a couple of hours. i was pleasantly surprised when a classmate found this place.

I ordered the samosa appetizer that came with a cinnamony dipping sauce. This is the first time I've had samosas that were not heavy & greasy. My main meal was the lemon pesto with mock chicken (carrots & zucchini were thrown in). Everything taste sooooo good. The pesto was so lemony and the mock chicken taste like chicken. It's been a really long time since I've had chicken and I hadn't realized how much I missed it. I'm taking another continuing education course next month and can't wait to eat here again.
I am an avid meat eater - I love love love beef! My vegan friend had a birthday dinner at Green and was advised to try the burger. I was highly skeptical of this advice because of course I've tried veggie burgers before and they never imitate the real thing very well. Well I was ASTONISHED! Green has perfected the art of fake meat - the burger was delicious and I could not believe that I was enjoying a veggie burger! It was even pink inside. Perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend it!
Really fantastic food in a fun, airy atmosphere. There's a beautiful motto about friendliness painted on one wall, which unfortunately I don't think any of the staff has ever had the time to read, seeing as they all seemed to be too busy proving exactly how many rungs they were ahead of us on the ladder of cool.
trying vegetarian food for the first time? green is the place to go. they have a lot of fake meat products which can make it easy for guests to want to try the food. but let me tell you, you can't really go wrong with the menu. all the food is delicious, ESPECIALLY the wings and the chili fries. they also have tsoynami desserts and fresh made cookies. if the oatmeal creme pie cookies are there, buy one for $4... it's giant and worth it. the service is also pretty fast and the staff is very nice. the parking lot is not the biggest, but you can usually find a space easily.
Yes.
Yes.
A thousand times yes.

Some of my non-stand-bys are hit-or-miss, but this is the perfect comfort food for anyone on the meat-eating spectrum. 

Note: do not read "vegan" as "healthy". It's comfort food, which means in all likelihood it is greasy, cheezy (with a z because it's not real cheese), and food-coma-inducing.

Maybe I'm crazy, but I think the staff here is nicer than at the Scottsdale location.

You can easily drop $15 on a casual meal/drink/add-ons, which is my only beef (ba-dum-CHA) with this place. Ingredients are good, and the "meat" is all made in-house (none of that weird packaged, preservative stuff), so I don't think it's totally unreasonable. This place has a cult following and national veg cred for a reason.

HITS
Original G Po Boy
Big Wac
No Harm Chicken Parm
Cole slaw (peanut - can get it as a side with most sandwiches)
Drunken Mongolian bowl
Vegan Wings
Peanut Tofu
Chili fries
Eggless rolls
Mac and cheese (on the kids menu... try it WITH the wings. Uh-ma-zing.)
Chicken tenders (also kids menu)

If there's a special, always get it, because 90% of the time, it will be your new favorite.

LESS OF A HIT
Samosas
Argentine po boy

Omnivore tested, vegan approved.
The artichoke chicken salad is great! And the almond milk milkshakes are a guilty pleasure of mine. :)
I'm vegan and love having vegan options.  They just changed their menu a bit and I miss the pizzas.  The prices are a bit high, but I find myself ordering so much food when I go there.  Appetizer, meal, drink, and an amazing Soynami.  I don't care for mock meats and that seems to be the direction these restaurants are headed.  I'm vegan because I don't like the idea of eating animal products.
As a vegetarian, this place is AMAZING. As a person that loves cheese (sorry! I'm working on it)... the Mac and Cheese doesn't really meet the standards...

BUT! I can go out and enjoy incredibly tasty hot wings, and thats just the best thing ever. Their drinks are great, their crab puffs are super tasty, and the eggless rolls are great. I wish I could eat here daily for lunch.
Absolutely loved this place!!! The buffalo wings are addictive and yes possibly not the healthiest thing on the menu but dang they are tasty! I will say the wait is crazy when they get busy and it's annoying having to wait for people to get up so you can sit down.... We were nice to offer part of our table to another couple that was looking for a seat, but I guess our table was tiny. Luckily it planted a seed and another couple offered them a place at their table that was bigger.  
Besides the seating and the wait for the food, there was so much that we wanted to try! The spicy edamame was great! I ordered the Curry noodles, they were nice and a great portion! My boyfriend ordered the fake CHicken Parm Sandwich... he liked it and had no complaints. I would highly recommend that you try the fake buffalo wings, they were so damn tasty that we tried to venture back to get another fix before we headed to airport, sadly they were closed ! :(
How I love this place.. Living in the city of healthy, organic, locally grown, vegan, gluten free, gmo free, certified rabbit food (aka San Francisco)... I've been to a few of these types of restaurants.  This place has all the healthy entrees one could want without the "flair" of a pretentious hipster taking your order.  Best of all everything on the menu looks good.  They simply make things that people like without trying to "reinvent the wheel" with some sort crazy food combination/fusion.  I always enjoy eating at a place without having to read some detailed instructions from the chef on how the proper way of eating it should be for the best flavor. (Yes, it's happened)

Since I'm not entirely used to Arizona's 6 degrees hotter than hell heat I have gotten the tsoynamis and their peanut butter and chocolate crack bar.  It's the perfect fix for that sweet tooth craving that I get from time to time, or in this case three or four times this week.  I'm coming back tomorrow for lunch with my beautiful wife and I'm going for the buffalo "wings" because they've been calling me day and night.  This place is worth the 673 mile drive and the only bad thing I can say about it is that once I leave this weekend I'm going to crave this place.  Green, you've been good to me this week, you damn well better be here when I come back and don't change a thing!
I have been to Green many times and didn't write a review, but they have been helpful for me so I wanted to make sure to help others.

First of all, this restaurant is 100 percent vegan (although it's called Green Vegetarian).  I don't go to green when I want to have a salad or cold sandwich because I can make that at home.  This place serves delicious comfort food.  By comfort, I don't mean greasy or fattening, but don't go here if you're calorie conscious.  This is a great place to take friends and family who are not vegan or vegetarian because the food tastes so "normal."  Green has the best mock chicken and mock beef I have ever had anywhere in the country (so far).

All of the sandwiches/burgers are to die for.  The thyme fries are great but if you want to keep it on the healthier side, go for the tahini coleslaw as a side option--it may be my favorite dish at Green.

Before I was vegan--more than five years ago--I didn't care for chicken wings but after years of watching other people scarf tens at a time, I grew a desire for them.  I have ordered them in bulk and meat lovers cannot taste the difference.  They are delicious and served with cucumber ranch and veggies.  I think I misspoke when I said the tahini slaw was my fave because I think this one might be it.

I've had the samosas and couldn't tell you anything good (or bad) about them.  They just left me with no impression.

The bowls are good but simple.  I feel like I can get similar dishes at other places so I would rather have something more exciting.  But if you're in the mood for something like that with the delicious mock meats, go for one of these. 

I usually go to Green for its specials, which are posted on Facebook. They've been some of my favorite dishes and are usually delicious! 

I have yet to try a dessert because I'm always full when I leave but make sure to try one of the tsoynamis.  They are light and a perfect end to a great meal.  I always get the almond oy vey and substitute the chocolate with bananas. Nom.

This is the best vegan or vegetarian restaurant in the greater Phoenix are.  I would highly recommend going there whether you are vegetarian/vegan or not.

Enjoy!
Food was very good.

Customer service was TERRIBLE!! 
No one person even said HELLO, or made us feel welcomed with ever a smile.
Best tofu ever ! Had a wonderful flavor from the minced veggies mixed inside of it.  Awesome drink selection - good prices - cute atmosphere - can't wait to go back !
Great for hanging out with your vegan and vegetarian friends
I'm loving this place. I hate that it is so far from where I stay they should open a location in the east valley. Tsoynami Cookies & Cream so yummy!
I found this place by accident today when I made a wrong turn. Very cool place!

The atmosphere is fun and edgy, the employees are cool, friendly and helpful and the food is REALLY good!

I had the Singapore Orange Bowl with House Tofu. I chose brown rice over noodles although I'm not crazy about either. The proportion or vegetables and tofu to rice was very high. A nice surprise! The rice was on the bottom of the bowl kind of like a small garnish, not a boat load of rice to make up for lack of veggies.  

I had a Creamsicle Flavor Soynami which was awesome! 

This is my new favorite place! I want to try more things on the menu sometime very soon.

The only reason why I wouldn't give it 5 stars is the restroom was kind of dim and base. I couldn't figure out how to work the faucet but otherwise, I had a stellar experience there and would highly recommend it.
Green is by far one my favorite restaurants in the valley!  I've been a pescetarian for about 10 years but I try to eat vegetarian when I can.  If every restaurant was like Green, I would have no trouble!  Even my carnivore boyfriend loves their food, especially the Original 'G'!  I've rarely had something there that I don't love and most of the people I've dragged with me have said the same.  Do yourself a favor and try one of their sandwiches ASAP and don't forget the thyme fries!  YUM!
Have been a regular here off and on over the past several years as my schedule allows. Everything is great and the staff is welcoming. I love the original G sandwich with fruit as a side and a soynami as a treat while I wait for my food or catch up with a friend. It can be busy at lunch and dinner for those who are new. Don't let this discourage you. It's a great place.
I visited green vegetarian today with my aunt and my cousin for my cousin's birthday. I have never been to a completely vegan restaurant before and it was wonderful! They serve all different kinds of cuisine there, and they even have appropriate kids meals (macaroni and cheese, chicken nuggets...). There is sure to be something for everyone at green vegetarian!

"Cream cheese rangoons" would probably be a more suitable name for the crab puffs. They had barely any fake crab meat in them, and were mostly just cream cheese. Would not recommend getting them if you're looking for actual crab puffs.

My cousin got a barbecue chicken sandwich with thyme fries on the side. She let me have some and I found them to be very good. The thyme isn't very noticeable but they were thin, crispy, and lightly salted. Definitely better than just any old fries!

I got the Drunken Mongolian bowl which comes with portobello mushrooms, carrots, zucchini, broccoli, your choice of noodles or brown rice, and your choice of chicken, beef, house tofu, or tofu. I got it with beef and the texture was EXACTLY like that of real beef. The carrots in the bowl were a little undercooked but the sauce it came with was exceptional. For the most part it was a wonderful meal and I would definitely get it again.

I ordered a fruity tsoynami with mixed berries and mangos before I left and I'm actually still eating it as I write this! It has a tiny bit of a chalky aftertaste and they also could have added more fruit considering it was $5 but besides that it's still very good.

All in all, green vegetarian is a really nice restaurant with a great atmosphere and great food and I look forward to returning there!
This restaurant is hard to find tucked away in a strip mall, but it was well worth looking for. I had a "burger" and it was awesome!  I will definitely go back.
Simply delicious. Definitely on the expensive side though!
Great vegetarian restaurant- reminded me of being back in college, and maybe that's because of all the college students in the place. That, and there is no waitstaff- just stand in line to order and someone will bring the food out to you.

The atmosphere didn't make me feel super comfortable- I'm not sure why. Next time I will probably order take out. 

Artichoke Gratine. Remember that. Cheesy and creamy and just a touch spicy. The crab puffs were also a huge hit. I wouldn't have known the difference between the real thing and this dish.

The majority of people in the restaurant were eating a yummy-looking milkshake/sundae concoction, but I never found out what it was. Next time I come back, I'll have to try one.
My friends and I have visited two of the locations while in town, and we love Green! The food is fresh and delicious, and there are lots of tasty beverages to choose from. I LOVE the house tofu, which is battered and lightly fried.
Be warned: it can get very busy around lunch time, but it's well worth the wait!
I couldn't agree more about wanting to give this place more stars! 

My husband and I (just recently vegetarians) met a good friend (a life-time vegetarian) at Green for dinner last night, and WOW were we impressed!

There was a constant flow of customers in and out in the 2 hours were sat, ate and talked. You order at the counter and your food is brought to you; the line moved fast and the food was fast to come out of the kitchen piping hot

We started with the "buffalo" wings - the sauce was super flavorful and the dipping sauce was sooo good we ordered more to go with our meals

I had the "Wendy Pickle" - closest vegetarian Chik-Fil-A sandwich ever! It was so flavorful and the fries that came with it were great!

My husband had the "Big Wac" - vegetarian version of the Big Mac - he said it was amazing!

To finish it off we had the Dough Boy for dessert - YUM YUM YUM!!!

We cannot wait to go back :)
I love green.  I had the "chicken" made from tofu and it was really good.  I think I actually liked it better than regular chicken.  Green is awesome!
The Vegan Chili Fries were bomb! The Calexico Burger was delicious, and I had a Kitty Diddy tSoynami and I just couldn't get enough of it...I will def be coming here more often
YUM-DIDDLY. This place hits the spot. It's kind of hidden in a little strip mall off of Scottsdale so make sure you are keeping your eyes peeled when you're looking for it. Everything I've ever had here has been good. I loved it when I was a vegetarian and I love it now that I'm not. It was definitely hard to convince some meat eaters to come to a vegan place but once I got them there they all loved it. I don't know how this chef does it but all of the mock meat tastes so real its crazy. I think the Calexico burger is my favorite thing that I've tried thus far but the menu is pretty big so I still have a lot of ground to cover. The bowls and the po boys are the bomb too and so are the crab puffs. I've only tried one of the soynamis (I think it was a PB&J one) but it was soooo good. I always go with the intention of getting one but then I'm too full after eating my main meal that I just can't do it, rough life. I'll have to go back one of these 115 degree days and go solely for that reason. Also, I've seen some vegan jerky in there that I've wanted to try before. And they usually have a really good special of the day. One thing to note is don't expect that it's going to be some super crazy healthy vegan place. I would classify this more as vegan comfort food. NOM.
Just had my first lunch at Green, and I'm completely stuffed, and deliriously happy! The food is awesome, and I kept forgetting that it was all Vegan! I had the black jack pita, which was great. They added artichokes to the wrap, and it was filling and had tons of great flavor. The only thing I didn't get was the thyme fries. I didn't taste the thyme. That being said, I didn't go there for the fries. James shared his Big Wac with me, and I wished I had ordered the same. It's all in the sauce, it tastes like a real-deal Big Mac. 

To drink, I wanted to try their Berry Lemonade, and it was the perfect summer drink. I also tried the Lime. Very tasty, and not as sweet as the lemonade. I'll get that one again for sure. For our after lunch treat, we shared a Peanut Butter bar, and an incredible Tsoynami shake. Both were amazing, we were impressed at how well each item was prepared. I need to take better care next time, because I could very easily pack on the pounds at this place.

I will definitely go back to this place. Hopefully next week!
First: The food tastes all right, albeit very salty. However, after eating here for some time I had to stop. Unsure if it's the salt content or the amount of processed ingredients, but I feel terrible after eating here. 
Which is sad, because I have a soft spot for the po'boy.

Sum up: if you don't mind indulging in junk food that's still vegan, this is a good place. It's convenient, it's fast, and it's pretty relaxed. 
But if you're looking for something nutritious and clean, there are other places.
This place is exactly what they claim to be.....vegan comfort food.  Went with my mom who was visiting from out of town.  The Big Wack tasted just like a Big Mac...and the thyme fries were thin and crispy and perfect!  The tahini coleslaw was also very good.  The Calexico burger was good, but not as good as the Big Wack.  We also had the artichoke gratin.  Good, but probably wouldn't order it again.

We had lunch there again the following day because there were other menu items we wanted to try, and were we're so full from our burgers the previous day that we didn't have room for a soynami.  This time we tried the Singapore orange bowl with house tofu and brown rice, and the Kung pow with house tofu and noodles.  Both were really good, but the Singapore orange was better, as was he rice.  Lots of veggies and tofu cooked perfectly.  We even had room to share a soynami made with homemade vegan kit kats and chocolate syrup.  It was really good...although the kit kat could have been chopped smaller.

All in all, really yummy.  Not health food by any means....and quite salty, but yummy still.
Health conscious good food. Not expensive. Friendly casual atmosphere.
Chicken wings that aren't chicken? Meatballs that aren't meat? How could this be? I'll tell you how: it could be I've found my new love...meatless meat. If I were blindfolded I would not have know I wasn't eating meat. Full of flavor, full of texture, a thing of beauty. The menu is an amazing assortment of delights...I have been here six times in 4 weeks, and now find myself ordering 3 or 4 mains so I can have stuff to take home. Great soda selection, and a neat little grocery area to boot. I can't wait to go there tomorrow!
The have amazing food, vegeterian or vegans dream. Their mock chicken wings are delish! Definately will be there as much as possible.
Love it here. I feel like it's a little piece of heaven! They have tons of great vegan/vegetarian options...so much so that you carnivorisaurs will still love it.

The calexico burger...omg. DO it!! Right now! The hummus is so flavorful and amazing. The "burger" itself is a little spicy, but perfectly seasoned. And for you usual meat lovers, I recommend the argentine po-boy. You won;t even notice there isn't meat in it. Trust me.

And save room for a soy-nami. Lots of room, these things are massive. Or share one, because after about 6-7 bites into it you might feel ready to explode. Yes, I know from personal experience.
I love this place!  The best mock-chicken i've ever had - totally addicted :-)
I was hungry and decided to try out the Green in Tempe because my experience at the one in Phoenix was a long time ago, but very good from the memories I recalled. 

We drove and found parking (slightly tight, because this place is busy and there are spots but not too many of them lying around) and proceeded to head in.

It was about 2:30PM at this point, so I assumed it would be settled down after a lunch rush. No such thing. This place was full, busy, and still churning out food like it never had been slow to begin with. That is a great start in my books.

We (I dragged my fella in tow for this stop) headed up to the counter and grabbed a menu and looked through what to get. When the line moved up and it was our turn we ordered, paid, and took a number to place on a table of our choosing. The staff was pleasant, although fairly quiet, but they moved us along politely and we waited.

While waiting for the food, we bought beverages which you can either grab from their fridge, or choose from 4 refillable drinks. We choose the refillable drinks and chugged away.

Green Tea (strong, deep flavor), Lemonade (mild lemon taste, not a ton of sugar), Limeade with Ginger (lime was a good taste, could not taste ginger), and I believe it is called Virmto (a medium weight beverage tasting like cherries, weirdly addicting, you should have a taste)

They bring our food and it was filling and just enough for lunch.

Spicy Buffalo "Wings" ($5.00)
For those that don't like spice this was not too bad. It had more components of vinegar to the spice than actual heat. The "wings" were great soy chicken substitutes and I did not miss actual chicken in this. If the tartness of these is too much then go ahead and dunk them in the Vegan Cucumber Ranch that comes with it. It was some yummy ranch!

Artichoke Chicken Salad ($6.00/$9/00)
We ended up getting the small salad and that was plenty for him and I to split. There was a Lemon-Tahini dressing that brightened up the greens very well, the salad leaves were dark & crisp, big pieces of artichoke strewn throughout the salad, and again the soy chicken was fantastic. You can tell it is fake with further inspection, regardless it still tastes fantastic (this was also prepared differently than the wings, it was a longer flat pieces where the wings were more like clusters of soy chicken).  

Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich ($8.50)
The chicken is prepared the same way in this sandwich as it was in the salad. The BBQ sauce had a tiny (I mean tiny) kick to it and was slightly messy to eat. Prepare for a burger stance with this one (elbows kicked out, looming over the sandwich aggressively). The Tahini Cole-Slaw was good, but had a lot of tahini and peanuts which overpowered the cabbage for me. The downside to the sandwich was the bun. The bun was a plain burger bun that was slightly stale and not that flavorable. The dryness of the bun against the sticky bbq sauce made a consistency that liked to get stuck in my mouth. Not the classiest thing to fix in front of other people, mind you.

With eating this food there were people that continued to come and go from the building non stop. The atmosphere is a bit hipster (staff was polite, but other guests really liked themselves and it was obvious) though I saw many suits, parents, and bros hanging out. Good melting pot!

Overall I think this place had great food, cheap prices, manageable crowds, and I could go back easily to try more items. Stay tuned, I need to go get a Tsoynami.

Cheers,

Messy Papers.
Love at first bite. Tasty through and through...unique, meatless dishes with lots of variety and great flavor. Great drink selection, nice dcor. What a gem of a find in the valley. Really scored when we found Green. Can't wait to get back here for more!
Best buffalo "chicken" wings ever.
Best authentic vegan/American cuisine ever!!! I can't stop going for their Big Whack burger!!!! So bad, but SOOO GOOD!!! Thank you for existing Green!!! Super happy to have found ya! I have not tried the Asiany dishes yet cause I'm stuck on this sandwich. But having been to vegans places in LA, this one tops as one of the best!! Place could be a little cleaner as far as the tables being wiped, but other than that, no complaints! Staff is usually nice too. Open one in Fountain Hills!! Or some place close to that!! Haa haa...
I am not a vegetarian and this place was fantastic.  I didn't miss the meat AT ALL. I had the peanut noodle bowl with fried tofu and my family had meatless chicken sandwiches.  We had the meatless chicken wings as an appetizer - they were spicy and flavorful.  As a bonus, the restaurant has a fun vibe.   I'd definitely go back!!
The food here is just ok. 
Disappointing after reading most reviews. 
We tried 5 different dishes and all were pretty bland. The best item was hummus. 

Service was good and everyone was friendly, but the food just didn't stand out.
This was my first visit to this location, experienced the other shop a few months ago. I like the parking availability better more at this one, but the inside decor of the other location better. For lunch, I ordered the Big Wac on a GF bun. I was told the patties aren't completely GF. Since high doses of wheat are more a problem for me, I gave it a shot. Truth be told, it was the authentic flavor of a "Big *ac" from the other guys, but the texture was a bit off and the GF bun was SUPER HEAVY on my tummy :/ I ended up eating the second half of the burger with no bun. It came with fries (or I got it with fries, can't remember the menu layout) and they were scrumptious! The staff was super friendly and accommodating as I asked my customary handful of questions! Go there to check out the fun menu!

This visit was on 4/20/13.
I have recently become vegetarian after my last Green review. Today, I tried the Big Wac at Green. It was so good and tastes pretty much like a Big Mac! I saved my appetite all day for dinner, and let me tell you, I still was not able to finish my meal! They really give you plenty of food to fill you up! I used to eat meat with EVERYTHING, but let me tell you, I don't even miss meat with the mock-meat at Green. I pay a pretty penny for a meal at Green, but it is definitely worth every cent. If I ever get a craving for a filling yummy meal and I don't want to cook, Green is where I run to!
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix hands down! Everything is amazing and I can bring my non-vegan friends and they leave satisfied! Get the red diablo, it's perfection! Also the peanut butter chocolate bars by the register are AMAZING after a few minutes in the freezer!!! Yum yum gimme me some!
I would live here if I could. The vegan food delights everyone I have brought, vegan or not. There are mock meat dishes and regular vegan dishes so everyone can be satisfied. Everything I have had here...and that is most of the menu by now!...is amazing. Staff is friendly and prices are good. But the food...yummy delicious!
Mr:  get the big wac...just do it,  don't even think about it, get it!  We have had many things here and everything has been amazing, this by far our favorite vegetarian restaurant we have ever been to!

Nough said
I can't say enough great things about this place. I'm lactose intolerant and really miss ice cream and milkshakes. Green has the Tsoynami, a soft-serve soy ice cream Blizzard-like treat that quells my cravings. You can get different kinds of candy and fruit plus they always have some sort of special recipe involving cake or brownies and its always amazing. The food is delicious as well but I wish they'd bring back the pizza.
So, it is kind of hard to rate this place. On one hand, my wife and I went here because we are pretty healthy eaters when it comes to our meals - she's practically vegetarian and the only meat I eat on any regular basis is lean chicken, and we both freshly prepare most of our meals with low salt and low fat. So, coming here, you get a very good vegan replication of what are high fat, high salt meals, which people like us don't like. So, was my Calexico burger an excellent replication of a traditional american double burger with cheese down to the very color of the cheese? Yes! Do I actually like traditional american double burgers with cheese? No. Chicken wings, were exceptionally good despite their high salt content, the flavors of the sauce were very much enhanced by the salt, rather than being overwhelmed by it.

If you go here with a full understanding of what you are getting, you will like I it. They have a very varied menu and speedy service. I would definitely go back and try out some other things on the menu that people mentioned in the yelp review, I think the food concept and execution is very, very good and wish we had this amongst our dining options in New Jersey. I wouldn't go here frequently, but I would go here about twice a year, to get something different - which is almost exactly the same as standard fast food, but completely different because its vegan. It's all very confusing :)
I wanted to like this place so much more than I actually did. I've gone to Green on several occasions and have tried something different every time (in hopes that I'll actually find something I truly like). 

Nope. Didn't really happen, unfortunately, which makes me so so sad.

Pros: 
Major props to the designer/decorator. I do like the concept of the place--most of the decorations/furniture seemed to be refurbished or recycled items. Can't complain about how creative and "green" the place is! Also, I like their concept of the tSoynami (soy-based ice-cream sundae mixed in with all sorts of candies/cereals/syrups/etc. of your choice. There's a million different pre-made combos you can choose from, but I'm sure you can customize your own as well. 

Cons: 
I'm just really underwhelmed with the main entrees and dishes. Perhaps I went in with too high of expectations? Out of the Bowls section of the menu, I've tried Singapore Orange, Thai Peaunut, and Drunken Mongolian. Honestly, I thought they all tasted the same. The flavors were heavily soy-sauce based (which is fine...I grew up eating lots of soy-sauce based dishes), but I really couldn't tell the difference between the three. I've also tried the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, the Original "G" Spicy Po-Boy and the Spicy Buffalo "Wings" form the menu as well. These were decent, but were super super high-in-sodium-tasting if you know what I mean.

Granted, I'm also a fan of meat, so vegetarian shops like Green may not be my greatest area of expertise. My comments, truly,  are more targeted towards the flavor combos and balances of the dishes here. 

Overall, I like the concept of Green. If a vegetarian/vegan friend was in town for a week, I would probably bring him/her to Green to check the place out. Personally, though, I'm not sure I would crave Green enough to visit again on my own.
If you are skeptical of vegan and vegetarian food, I promise you that Green will change your mind. The varied and creative menu is full of delicious items that are not only good for you and the planet, but that also taste fantastic! I've brought several carnivorous friends to Green and they've all absolutely loved it and hoovered up items like the awesome Big Wac (like a vegan Big Mac...but so much better) and the just-spicy enough Jerk salad with tofu. Everything I've tried has been outstanding. The prices are extremely reasonable too. I am not vegan, but Green is a favorite place I go back to again and again. I highly recommend it!
This is the greatest vegan restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. 

Most vegan restaurant offer the same fare - tofu with various sauces with a smattering of rice, here and there. 

Green takes Vegan cuisine to a new level. Some of the best mock chicken I have ever had.  Everything down to the ice cream. 

The staff is always willing to customize and offer suggestions.  I love this restaurant.
Since coming here for the first time in July, I have visited green vegetarian 3 more times. I have gotten the chicken nuggets, blonde alfredo, macaroni and cheese, and the BBBQ bacon burger. 

I got the blonde alfredo with the mock chicken. I was not expecting the pieces of "chicken" to be breaded and fried. I was expecting it to be more like grilled chicken. They didn't really belong in a dish with a cream sauce.  Speaking of the blonde alfredo sauce, it's very good! Tastes very similar to the real thing. I will definitely be getting this wonderful dish again but I will probably get plain tofu or no "meat" on it at all.

For the Mac and Cheez it was lacking in flavor and the cheese was not melted enough.

The BBBQ bacon burger had a bit too much mayo and barbecue sauce on it. The tempeh bacon was okay, but nothing like actual bacon. It was too thick and did not really have the flavor of bacon. The sauteed portabella mushrooms and caramelized onions were the best part of the burger, along with the sesame seed bun!

The chicken nuggz had the flavor and texture of real chicken nuggets! The barbecue sauce and ranch dressing it comes with are also wonderful. These would definitely fool your kids. ;)

The blonde alfredo and drunken mongolian probably tie for my favorite meal at green vegetarian.

To wrap up my review, this is my favorite restaurant in the area! I love green vegetarian so much.
this place is the epitome of vegan junk food! do not go here if you think you're coming here to be on a diet/ eat healthy food.

although there is no animal fat rendered protein a lot of the things are deeeeep fried and carb heavy. that said, the carbs are deeeelicious and they do it right!

the soy-soft serve is pure joy bliss.
Went here last night and I'm still thinking about my meal!  Hands down best vegan place I've ever been too! Can't wait to come back when I'm in Tempe.  I'm from NY and haven't found anyplace that comes close to this place! Yum!!!
I have been here twice now and both times the food was good. There menu is a nice break from traditional vegan fare. I like the vibe of this place. The community style seating with the long shared table is a nice touch, but they also have smaller tables if you want to get some privacy. The food also comes out really quick so this place makes for a great lunch location if you are in the area and on a tight schedule.
Excellent.  Service was courteous and prompt.  The salad I had was the best I've ever eaten.  I also tried the chili-cheese fries and they were very good.  The drinks were really good too.  I wish Green were in my hometown.
I've gone to Green on several occasions. Food is always fantastic. I get the Buffalo "wings" and the "Big Wac" usually.  Prices are a tad high, but not really for being in Scottsdale, and for the unique kind of food they offer.

I will give two criticisms. First, I often go with my non-vegetarian wife, and I will have to say their choice of foods for her is very limited.  I'm not saying they should offer non-vegan foods, but I'm saying they could add a few more "normal" non-meat choices.  Maybe a few more salads, a veggie pizza, etc.  She had the Mac & Cheese which is something that might attract someone like my wife, and even I will have to say, it wasn't very good. 

Second, the cleanliness of the place, and the overall feeling of the place could be improved.   While there seems to be all types inside, and it has a distinctive hippy vibe. If you don't have a nose ring and dreadlocks it gets easy to feel out-of-place, which is a shame because the food is very good.  Still, I do feel they should invest a bit more time in atmosphere improvements.  I know my food doesn't contain cows or pigs, but I'd like a bit more confidence that it doesn't include bug parts.
Totally love: the mini drink bar, Ranchero salad, clean bathrooms with Meyers soap, awesome decor, friendly staff
Could probably do without the exorbitant amount of grease most of the dishes offer. To be honest, I find this place to be primarily junk food status... But what girl doesn't need a little junk food love in her life? Luckily for my waistline I live a good distance from here.
I am one of the hugest carnivores but I really wanted to visit Green and see what it was all about
Also I use Yelp to find different dinner meals through the week
Before I showed up to Green I noticed that it had a ton of good reviews which made me think
A) Reviews all/mostly written by Vegans
B) The food is really legit
I ordered the small "thee green salad" and it was very yummy
The cucumbers were my favorite
I am not a huge fan of green olives but I ate some of them :)
I don't know what the dressing was, but it was delicious
I also had the veggie rolls with the sauce and they were really great

I think Green is one of those places I will visit to get a break from all the bad stuff I eat
Prices are okay. Quality of food is great! Vibe is very Portland Hipster.
Food is very tasty. I had the green lemon plate and it taste amazing. The service however it's poor and the cashier is an ass. It was my first time eating here and she make it quite hard. I didn't tip her!!
Really delicious food that even my meat-eating friends like. Everything we have ordered is delicious: hummus, veggie burgers, chili cheese fries, salads. I love healthy vegan food, but their vegan versions of junk food are totally satisfying as well. And a lot healthier than the mainstream versions!
Let me start by saying that I am not a vegetarian or vegan. That said, I am not well versed in what types of food vegan restaurants typically offer but I love Green! I can't even tell their mock chicken isn't chicken. I have tried several dishes, and all were excellent. My favorite is the Jerk salad- the dressing is delicious. The service here is great and you can get in and out pretty quickly. Highly recommend!
Really good place for vegans/vegetarians. Have been here twice. The food is delicious and freshly made. Do not expect a sophisticated eating experience. However, one of the best places for a casual meal. The people are friendly and the food is amazing! Highly recommend.
Green is a fantastic restaurant. Their dishes are unique and very good. They are very busy and with good reason!
Great place to chill! Features local art... Eco friendly... Tsoynami is equal to a DQ Blizzard... But no animals were harmed! And the soft serve soy ice cream is home made!
Get the big WAC, and wings... Great flavor. Def. junk food for vegans.. But what a treat! Service is friendly and prompt. Certain hours are iffy... Perhaps shift change, or conflict amongst coworkers... Still, a gem!
Hands down one of my favorite vegetarian restaurants I have ever gone to.   My husband and I were traveling in arizona so I did some research on  veggie restaurants in the area and found this one on yelp.  I just can't stop talking about how great the food was and the atmosphere rocked.   If I had not looked it up prior to going, we would have never found it as it is in a small strip mall not close to the downtown area.   We ended up going here twice on our vacation and tried the burgers as well as one of the bowls.   This is as good as it gets hands down for veggie food.  Loved it.
I am here to tell you that my relationship with Green is like a revolving door. I'm vegetarian, I want good vegetarian food, I go to Green, I find it adequate but not overwhelmingly amazing, and yet... I keep going back. I'm still holding out hope that Green will one day knock my socks off, it just hasn't happened yet.

That last two times I have gone, my food has been cold, especially the french fries. Cold french fries are not good, people. Nor are they difficult to make. Last time I got the spicy po-boy, which I found a little bit too spicy, and overly salty. The bowls are better, I love the thai peanut bowl, it's one of my favorites! Maybe I'm just not ordering the right things.

I've been a bit disappointed lately, but I will keep going back for the concept, the cool couches, the awesome drink and ice cream selections... what can I say? It's a vegetarian dream.
I tried it again, trying to see if anything positive had changed in the months since I had been here last. I tried the Calexico burger. Again, terribly thin, seemingly artificially processed patties (though there was two) slathered in sauce and a bun. No texture, just a mushy mess. Three redeeming values remain: the thyme fries are amazing, they remember your name and seem to have stepped up customer service and attention, and the Tsoynamis are delicious. I'm afraid this is the last lunch I will be enjoying here unless I hear they decide to stop competing with is loosely termed "food" at McDonald's.
Just had a dough boy soynami for the first time and it was really good. Will be back for sure.
Green is a great place to visit every once in a while. As a regular meat eater I was surprised how filling and tasty a vegan restaurant could be.  Not once through the entire meal was I longing for a healthy chunk of meat.  For desert I got a soynami, not sure how to spell it. That was also delightful. If you're in the area stop by and enjoy a hearty yet healthy meal. Or if you just want to for dessert or snack stop by green
During a extended layover at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, I searched for the closest vegan hot spot. I saw that Green had many outstanding reviews. So I headed over in a cab.

After chatting with the staff, I ordered a black jack pita. Which is a blackened cajun mock chicken with artichoke hearts, lettuce, tomato and our lemon-tahini sauce in a toasted pita. And it was far better than anything I could have hoped to order at an airport. So it was well worth the trip.
I absolutely love this place. Been a frequent customer since becoming vegetarian. This is by far the best vegetarian place I've been to.  So glad they have another location in central phoenix.  I often go for the Big Wac (its like a vegetarian version of the Big Mac). Probably similar in calories too but it's meat free! The curry dish is also good. I love that they serve fruit as a side option. Overall, you can't go wrong with most of the stuff on the menu. I prefer the mock beef over the mock chicken, I've found its a bit more tender. Still, 5 stars from me! My only wish is that they were open a bit later!
Very good! The food was tasty and fresh! 
As a vegetarian, it's so nice to be able to choose anything on the menu! We will definitely be back!
This is the best location to get vegan food that I have found in Arizona yet.  Especially if you are a newly turned vegetarian or vegan this will help you ease your way into the lifestyle as Green offers a great variety of foods that you will sure to miss.  I would recommend Green to even those who are not vegetarian or vegan, its a must try.
Although this restaurant is in a crappy concrete shopping mall, it is certainly worth visiting for the green burger, samosas, peanut butter chocolate bars and the thyme fries. It's an overall excellent vegan spot that sells evamor water (hard to find in Tempe) that is light on ambiance. It's always packed and always good!
I'm not a huge fan of Thai food, but the meals and tofu here are fabulous. The tofu can change anyone's mind who previously did not enjoy it! Vegetarian or not, it's worth it.
Um...I am confused with all the great reviews. Granted I am from Richmond, Va where lots of restaurants do vegan/vegetarian, and they do it really, really well. 

This place is quasi-vegetarian foods. It's just mock meats...where are the black bean burgers, the lentil burgers, the wholesome vegetables?!?! Wah. I was really disappointed. This is definitely a place to ease people into vegetarianism. 

I got the blackened jerk chicken pita (it wasn't spicy....?) and my boyfriend got the chicken parm (obviously not real chicken on either). Both were valiant attempts. They still failed. The fries were good, though. 

I would give it only 1 star, but we did go at 8:15 pm and they close at 9. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt....

The service was also really bad. Lady didn't look at us while we ordered (her eyes were wandering around), the bathrooms are outside with no signage, and I guess you are supposed to assume you order at the counter? 

I am not trying to make this overly-critical, but this place could do A LOT better in many ways. I probably won't go back unfortunately; too bad, I was looking forward to this!
Don't know why this place has so much hype. We ordered the buffalo chicken wings, big whac(aka Big Mac except that it's vegan ) and Singapore orange noodle bowl.  Unfortunately the food was not so tasty and the bowl was toooo salty. The big whac was not delicious and the wings were decent. The place is cool and it looked as though the desserts were tasty.
Loved the food, service and drinks!!! Seriously good food!!!
The menu changed during 2013, and I preferred the previous menu to the new.  The new mock chicken is still the best around, but it's not as good as the previous. 

The food here is awesome! Vegetarian or not, everyone loves this place. The food is creative, delicious and made from fresh ingredients.  The mock meats are so good and so well prepared that you will forget it's mock. I LOVE the wings, especially the new jalapeo flavor and the "original g" or "wendy's pickle" are great choices, but so is everything else on the menu. 
A tsoynami for dessert is a must, they have a long list of options, check them out, you will be in love. 

You go up to the cashiers and grab a menu, take a seat and decide on your meal, then return the cashier to place your order. They will give you a number and bring out your meal, but there is no waiter service. 

The ambiance is trendy, and laid back, very casual and welcoming.
Had a great veggie and noodle bowl! The milkshakes are on the sweet side, but really good too! Can't wait to go back!
Great atmosphere and a great place to bring a true carnivore to prove other options. Never had a bad entree. Peanut butter fudge soynamee was a true winner. As a Vw Bug enthusiast I appreciate the art work. I am a harsh judge of rest rooms and this one isodern, clean and fun!
A Vegans Oasis- living in Portland I'm pretty spoiled and was so excited to try this place out while in AZ, after having it recommended by a vegan friend. I had the artichoke chicken salad with ranch dressing and it was a good size, tasty and filling. I got one of their soynami shakes for dessert which one should not pass up, kind of like a blizzard and they have a lot of combination options. Overall this place was clean and the good was reasonably priced. The staff was friendly.
Finding healthier alternative solutions to my burger cravings is not always easy in the valley. I tried a lot of vegan burgers around, but this one takes the cake! Try the Big WAC! And there are plenty of other dishes to try here.
I keep coming back time and time again! Mock parm sandwich and mock steak sandwich are my favorites by far.
For what it is I love this place. There aren't many all vegan places in the Phoenix/Tempe area and this place has so many options. Being vegan and trying to have as little soy as possible is my only issue but this place has many fast options if you're craving vegan comfort foods. Everything is deliicious and I leave feeling full and happy! Sometimes too full but that's my own fault.
Are you in Phoenix and looking for decent vegetarian food?  If so, Green is a good spot to try.   They had an interesting variety of sandwiches and stir fry with tofu or fake meat toppings.  It seems like they are more on the "fake meat" instead of "eat something else" side.  Personally, I'd prefer to stay away from meat substitutes so I got my dish with tofu.

I had the Thai peanut with the tofu (fried not soft).  It was a nice serving of vegetables with a strong peanut sauce with a bit of spice.  Not that much spice so unless you can't take anything, you will be able to eat it.

There are a large numbers of tables and chairs and a more limited number of booths.  If you go around dinner time it will be fairly full or busy.

Not so bad if you don't mind popping in for some quick food.
This place was aaaallright. The menu was very interesting and I see how it sets itself apart by being a vegan restaurant. I got their house salad, but it was toooo overdressed and the spice in it was overbearing. I just ate it to eat it. But I will say their sundaes are good and great portion sizing for $5. It had an interesting flavor but I would definitely come back just for that.
I really love this place. We recently moved out of Arizona, and I miss the food and the fun environment at Green. While I have been eating a plant-based diet for a long time now, Green was really helpful when I first started because I could find vegan comfort food. When I got tired of beans and rice and vegetables, Green was a place where I could get variety and now understand that vegans have tons of food options. 

My overall favorite meal there is the no-harm chicken parm, but I also love the bowls when I want something lighter (particularly Singapore orange and blonde Alfredo). I also can't avoid the tsoynamis, although I generally eat the entire thing at once and then feel crummy from sugar overload which is totally my fault. If you're vegan and are craving chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream, try the dough boy tsoynami.

The staff is always friendly, and I love the diversity of people that come eat at Green. One of my favorites!
I was very impressed with Green.  I only came here because the people I worked with on a recent program had ridiculous food restrictions of the vegan variety.  I try to just cover my ears and not listen to them when they talk, because it's like listening to bubble boy.  Have we rebelled against our very nature?

Putting that aside, the good news is that I ended up at Green, and it was delicious.  The Thai Peanut bowl was seriously delicious-  great peanut taste coupled with that coconut milk balance and a little zang of spice with perfectly cooked noodles.  The "mock" chicken was whatever, the texture always gives it away for me.  

They also have a great selection of beverages of the healthy variety, and some fresh juices that were also quite delicious.  

I would actually come back here, even if other options were present.  That's saying a lot.

5 Stars
Hell yea! I love every item on the menu. I am so cereal!!! And you don't have to be a mega hipster to eat there (don't worry, there are still plenty if them there)
Kung pos tofu, steamed vegetables  and brown rice.very tasty. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff courteous.
This is the place I go to religiously when I'm feeling like eating healthy. Being a pesceterian, I frequently get meat cravings, and GREEN is the place I run to. Their mock chicken is delicious, tasted just like real chicken, and their version of the Big Mack the "Big Wack" is even tastier than the real thing, from what I can remember! I absolutely recommend the spicy penut chicken salad, it is so filling and full of flavor. To whoever judges vegan food as "cardboard- like and tasteless" needs to try Green. I have gotten several of my omnivorous friends to try this place and they have all loved the food and the atmosphere. Its very artsy-fartsy inside, and when you walk in you immediately feel the positive vibes bouncing off all the healthy people inside. Its really really nice overall. The location is a little hidden, but nevertheless, when you find the place you will always go back!

STAY GREEN!
I have been to Phoenix 3 times, and to Green 5 times - I make a point to eat here whenever I am remotely in the area. Every time it is amazing. I'm not a vegetarian but prefer veggie and healthy options most of the time, and this place just hits it out of the park. Definitely get a cup for their homemade beverages as well - my favorite is a mix of the green tea and sweet lime. Hard to go wrong with anything but my favorites have been the noodle bowls, the mock chicken wings, and the "fish" tacos.
This was a great experience, coming from Los Angeles I was not expecting much vegan fare at all in Phoenix, much less a fully vegan restaurant. Not only are they full vegan, they have a good selection and my husband and I both enjoyed the food.

The puffs were good and the bowls as well. Yum!

A bit too expensive for this to become a regular go to, but if I'm dying to be around some legit vegan food this will be my first stop.
Green catered my anniversary party recently. I was happy that we were able to offer a vegetarian meal that my whole family could enjoy. I love to eat at the Tempe location whenever I'm in town visiting. 

A couple downsides for the event catering was that they provided the plates, and we quickly ran out during appetizers. Luckily my Dad was wiling to run out and grab some, but of course he brought back styrofoam instead of the compostable plates I would have preferred. But really he had no options on such short notice. 

The other downside was that the sauces for the chicken wing and the salad were not labeled, so there was some confusion on our guests part as to what sauce went with what. 

But overall, Green delivered a tasty meal.
very good! although i am not a veggie i still like the food! their pastry place located in phoenix (NAMI) is super delicious too! LOVE the environment and great customer service
in brief: Yum yum in my tum tum! their vegan dishes are enjoyable even for the carnivorsaurs. However, if you're not vegan, pass on the soy-based "ice creams"

I ordered: 

1. Mac and Cheese with Veggie ($7.50): 
Delish! It was warm cheesy and gooey and just all the positive adjectives you would want to associate with a mac and cheese. I could tell from taste that it wasn't normal cheese, but it was still delicious none the less! It's a cheddar based cheese sauce with elbow macaroni, with broccoli, zucchini and carrots. The taste was spot-on as a vegan mac and cheese, although the macaroni were a little softer than I'd like; definitely not al dente. I'm thinking its because vegan pasta noodles cooks differently than regular pasta noodles, so it's not fair for me to complain :) 

2. Banana Cream Pie-- one of their Soy, vegan "ice creams."  (~$5 for 16 oz)
This flavor i had ordered was their special, it was banana cream pie. It was good enough to cool you down on a hot day, but it was meh tasting. The base tastes like soy milk with thickener, and it was mixed with added banana slices and then topped with a blahhh tasting whip-toping. :(  Although it wasn't too sweet, and I appreciated that; but I'd much rather have a pint of hagen daaz of coffee ice-cream for half the price at a supermarket than to get this.

I would definitely come back to try their other items! I had a piece of their mock chicken and mock-bbq meat, both as were delicious in salads!

Recommendation: try one of their bowls! There are many exciting ones to try on the menu!
Tasty and healthy thai vegetarian bowl. Grader mix of vegetables, tofu and noodles.
Friendly service. 
Had a great mix of people dinning there- families to monks!
Would go back, if i was living around here.
Jerk. Tofu. Salad.  You'll thank me later.
Vegan comfort food that is the best. Staff is awesome and knowledgable. I highly recommend the wings. The Namis. And really everything else. Some items (sauces) can be a bit salty so beware. :)
First time at Green (two vegetarians and a vegan in our group) and it was great! Get the secret BBQ chicken sandwich with cole slaw! The nuggets and french fries were a big hit with our 10 year old.  Will certainly return when we are in town again!  Order at the counter and take a table marker to a table of your choice.  We found the service to be great (counter to some negative reviews) and the people to be very friendly.
Healthy and satisfying. I had a rice bowl with "chicken". It had tons of flavor. Also tried the BBQ sandwich was was yummy too. Great place
I've been here multiple times now, and I have three words to throw out about this place: Burgers, Tsoynamis, and Ambiance.

1. Burgers- Best large menu item they have. Their imitation meat tastes delicious and has just the right amount of texture and flavor. I have also tried their wings, bowls, curries, and fries, and none of these have lived up to the standards that the burgers have set.

2. Tsoynamis- A must-have item! These soy-based ice creams are light, so Green serves you a very large amount with each order. They have a lot of different every-day flavors, as well as some seasonal ones on a board that they have. I highly recommend the "Kissed by a rose" flavor (rose, chocolate, strawberries) if that is up on the seasonal board.

3. Ambiance- Green is such a cute place to come grab lunch or a light snack. They are big supporters of local art, and have interchangeable art pieces on their walls that customers can buy. Everything has a sort of hipster-vibe to it, and with the natural light streaming in through their large windows, you will always leave the place feeling calmer and happier than when you came in.

 Definitely recommend giving it a try!
I love vegetarian meals, love Thai food, love flavor, so after my daughter recommended Greens and I found myself in the area, my husband, son and I stopped in. My son loved his veggie burger, my husband got something which was supposed to be spicy  veggies and rice noodles, while I got curry/ coconut veggies, rice noodles and mock chicken. My husband and I were only able to tell which bowl was which by the mock chicken in mine. There was absolutely no difference in the flavor between the 2 bowls. I told the waitress that there was no flavor in either, and she just shrugged and said "it depends on who's cooking on how it tastes." I told her that mine had NO  flavor, that if I closed my eyes and had a spoonful, I couldn't tell if I was eating a piece of broccoli or the mock chicken, and there was not even a hint of coconut or curry. She just said "sorry about that" and walked off. For $10 a bowl, it was definitely a disappointing meal.
Green was an amazing meal that I crave and I am not a vegetarian. You can not tell that it is not real meat. The employees were really nice and the ambiance was great. The vegetables were cooked perfectly to where a vegetable-hater loved them and now I order vegetables whenever I go out to eat and can not find another restaurant that replicates the taste at all. Amazing place that I look forward to eating at again. Easily one of my favorite restaurants.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant.  Literally everything is good here. I love the mock chicken artichoke salad and the blonde alfredo. The staff is friendly and there is always cool art on the walls. I wish there were more vegan places like this is the valley!
Excellent healthy choice for lunch however it is not cheap/inexpensive like Yelp labels it
I decided to try a new place for lunch today and WOW! I wasn't sure what to get but off the suggestion of the cashier/server he suggested the daily special. It was a Serrano Chicken Wrap thing w/their fries. One word describes my lunch....AMAZING!

When you walk in it is so clean and cute. Everyone is friendly and had a nice lunch crowd (always a good thing). 

The special I had the following items: Serano Chicken Po-boy - Chicken (their chicken - which you would think you are eating the real thing but BETTER), grilled pineapple, red onion, lettuce, cashews (I think, there was a few crunchy nuts in there) in a lavosh wrap w/serrano, agave and honey sauce with their fries. It was so fresh and so tasty I cannot wait to go again and in the VERY near future!!!
I used to love their Mexicali burger, but the new menu replaced it with a lesser burger. I haven't been back since. I sincerely hope the Mexicali burger makes a comeback.
TSOYNAMIS RULE!  Awesome frozen soy / Blizzard type dessert!  (I have not been impressed with the few bowls I dropped, gloppy salty more gloop food.)

For MONTHS, we did not know there was a menu... just ordering off the 3-4 specials listed on the chalkboard.  OMG.. once we knew, we go every other week driving up from Chandler.  LOVE this place as a dairy intolerant person.
3.5 stars

The staff was very friendly and seemed pretty fast.

Ordered the Buffalo wings which were small but pretty good (and pretty close to a meaty texture). I ordered the mooshu po boy which was kind of disappointing and definitely not worth the price. I've been to plenty of vegetarian and vegan restaurants and don't mind paying more money for quality food, but I just felt I've had better.
Green is pretty amazing. Their sticky bun is the best I've ever had, vegan or no, and blows Cinnabon right out of the water. I do wish their outdoor seating was not made up of metal chairs -- it's Phoenix for goodness' sake! But their food is worth it!!
I'm not vegetarian or vegan, but I do love this place.  I'm not picky about what the food is, I like good food, and they serve good food here.  Any of the rice bowls are great, as well as the burgers I've tried.  Thyme fries are great!
This place has my soul! They are mostly Organic and NON GMO and 100% Vegan! I have never had a bad experience eating here, the food is always delicious! I take my non-vegan friends here all the time and they love it! They cant believe that their eating a vegan meal. 

I was here yesterday and ordered the black jack pita with thyme fries and it was AMAZING! I had some elderberry ice tea that they had made and it was so refreshing I think I refilled like 3 times !
I absolutely am in love with this restaurant! They have amazing food and will make it the way you like if you have any preferences. I try to order a different item every time I go and so far I have not been disappointed. The food is filling yet light and I always feel satisfied. The hang out, casual feel of the restaurant is enjoyable and the employees are very friendly willing to offer suggestions. As a vegan this restaurant is a haven for me and I recommend it to fellow vegans and meat-eaters alike!
If you like fancy rubber this place is awesome! I even got some soy ice cream (which normally I am a huge fan of) and it tastes like mud pies after a rainy day near a sewer.
Very vegan. The menu includes a variety of choices. Under the sandwiches and burger section everything is 'mock'. I like the Big Wac it's the same as a Big Mac but it's bigger and more filling. The fries are way better than mcdonalds. 

Plus they have Jones soda. I love this place. Don't be surprised to see some artzy fartzy people though
My favorite AZ vegan place, easily. If you're vegan, there's not a thing on the menu you won't like. If you're not vegan, the same's true but I'd definitely recommend the sandwiches over anything else for a newbie. The mock meats and cheeses will blow you away. Be prepared to always get dessert here, it's hard not to be tempted and it's all delicious. Overall, will always recommend, great for vegans and non-vegans.
Very good, healthy, food- even the salad :) ( I think my stomach just growled.)
Can't go wrong. Only downsides are 1) it's sometimes very busy on weekends around lunch time, 2) they don't serve alcohol. The Tsoynamis are to die for but you have to be willing to do a calorie splurge or at least split one with someone as they are huge.
I stumbled across this place when I was in town for a wedding a Yelp'd "vegan".  I wish that it was in Orange County.  

The food was great.  I had "Thee green salad" and some samosas.  It was easily enough food for two people, but I knew I would never be coming back so I wanted to try a few things.  The dressing on the salad was delicious and the flavor profile was very well put together.  The samosas were cooked to flaky, perfection.
I've been here about 3 times and absolutely love it.  The spicy buffalo "wings" bites are awesome.  I also love the bowls and plan on getting a sandwich next time, they look amazing.  If this place was closer to me I would go way more often.
Ordered the spicy peanut tofu, picnic salad and lemon pesto bowl with tofu, brown rice and vegetables and it was amazing!! The staff was very friendly and the restaurant had a great vibe to it! Highly recommend and not too expensive! Currently moving to Tempe so I will be back soon!
WOW! I grew up on meat and lived in Texas and love the taste and texture. I became a vegetarian and always have craved a burger....so my roommate brought me to Green and the Bic WAC IS OUTSTANDING! I can't believe its not meat. The taste was perfect and it had the right texture color and consistency. This is not a vegi garden burger. I love to cook and have no idea how they do this. Just try it and you will be shocked! I opted to remove the middle bun and it was just like a double patty with cheese and toppings. I would never have guessed it was vegan. MUST TRY! The fries were crispy and fresh. I also loved the samosas...much better than my fav indian restaurants...not greesy at all but very crispy!
Let me set thing straight, I'm not a vegetarian. But I think I mite be one now. I love this place. So much better then any other burger place I've been to in awhile and I didn't leave feeling sick. Loved all the vegetarian food I've eaten here and plan on coming back allot.
I am not vegan, but I tried this place the other day and it is pretty good.  I typically don't like soy, but their mock meats are tasty.  I would definitely go back.
Go to Green! I've had problems in the past with servers, but I believe those employees have moved on from Green. Other than that, let me list the reasons why I love Green:

1. I am a vegetarian. It's nice to have a completely vegan restaurant--I don't have to worry about what I can/cannot eat on the menu! Also, the food tastes like vegetarian food. This could be confusing to meat-eaters, so let me explain; a lot of vegetarian options at places that serve meat are cooked like you would cook meat, therefore the taste is different. It's nice not to be overloaded with spices or sauce just because it's all veggie food.

2. The atmosphere is comfortable. Sometimes the music is a little loud, but it's definitely not as bad as a lot of other places around The Valley.

3. Take Out! This is one of my favorite places to grab food after roller derby practice! It's quick, healthy, and filling.

4. I have a lot of friends that eat meat. Not one of them has said anything negative about the food here. Plus, the people here don't look down on meat-eaters. One of my biggest pet-peeves is when vegetarian extremists think lowly of people that eat meat--you're giving a bad name to us other vegetarians! Calm down!

 5. It's affordable. Yes! Affordable vegetarian food! Amazing, right?!

6. Have a Tsoynami. No, really. Trust me.

Personally, I think the food tastes better at this location than the 7th Street location. And, as mentioned earlier, there have been a couple of staff members that have been...well...rather rude. But they don't work here anymore, as far as I can tell. There's always a rotten apple, right? Except for the food. Nothing rotten about the food.

Go here! Every day!
A must for the gluten-free diner who wants variety and quality.  You don't have to be vegan to love the place.  The gluten-free menu is very straight-forward, easy to understand and there are plenty of options to choose from.   My fave on appetizers are the Mock Chicken Wings, as they are wonderful and full of flavor.  They have gluten-free buns, so you can actually get to eat a sandwich like a "real person", but the rice bowls are tasty and plentiful.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  You won't leave hungry.  When one has food allergies, no restaurant is totally safe, but this place comes pretty close.
This place is awesome! I love the "No Harm Chicken Parm" and their soynamis are delicious. Best vegetarian/vegan place I've been to in Arizona by far. It can get super crowded though, but that just goes to show you how good the food is.
As with the other location--drool. Like all the reviews say, Big Wac--and if you aren't carnivorous, you'll be welcomed with open arms here. They have a litany of strange teas ( basil cucumber, anyone? ) and plenty of other things to keep your mind from straying towards the objective at hand: a cheap meal that will keep you satisfied. 

This particular location also has a chalk board that some genius writes hilarious sayings and references on. The last time I went, there was a Nami dedicated to twin peaks, Agent Cooper reference and all. Doesn't take too much to get me, and this got me. Hard.
This place rocks! I took my boyfriend here and was hesitant about it because he's such a fan of meat. He ended up loving it and won't stop asking me to take him back! The Kung pao with brown rice is my favorite
I have been eating at Green since they initially opened their first location in Tempe. I have always been blown away by the food and my experience with the service there has always been a positive one. However, when I dined in with my boyfriend the night of July 2nd I cannot say that we experienced the same Green that we know and love. Being that we live in Flagstaff now Green is our special treat that we make a point to go to whenever we're down in the Valley. This amounts to about two visits per year. We arrived at Green to find it packed which is no surprise, ordered two baskets of hot wings and two Big Wacs. The counter girl was incredible grumpy, rude, and cold but we left a generous tip anyway being that my boyfriend also works in food service. Upon receiving our wings baskets we were disappointed to find that what is normally a heaping pile of wings was not so heaping; in fact we received only 5 wings each. We asked the staff about it and the girl disinterestedly told us the wings are done by weight so some might be larger and some smaller. I find it hard to believe they've always done it this way since there was a HUGE difference between the amount of wings we've received in the past and the amount we received then. My boyfriend became irritated and the poor service we received because he works in a very high end restaurant where, should any guest complain about anything, the kitchen would be sending them out loads of free food to make up for the experience. After encountering several more disinterested, bored, unhelpful hipster employees who probably only got hired because of their "edgy" haircuts, we regretted leaving such a large tip. Needless to say we will unfortunately not being ordering our favorite appetizer ever again because the value of the item is so poor. What happened Green?
2240 N Scottsdale Rd
Tempe, AZ 85281
(480) 941-9003


We arrived at Green at 6:00, and were surprised to find the place so busy. We stood in line to order while perusing the menu. While vegetarian food is hardly new, finding a place that was totally packed and had such varied items on the menu was an new experience.

We all started out with the eggless rolls ($4.00). Crisp, beautifully made spring rolls with cabbage, carrots, noodles, and spices, served with a lovely dipping sauce. This was so good that it set the stage for high expectations for the main course, and we were not disappointed. 

Most of us ordered the Big-Wac ($9.00), a perfect take off on the Big Mac*. It was offered with your choice of frys, fruit, or cole slaw. Even with your eyes open you believe this was made at the golden arches. The faux meat looked and had the texture of real meat patties. It even had special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles and a sesame seed bun. It was also just as filling as the variety with meat. This came in a basket filled to overflowing with pencil thin French fries with what had to be homemade ketchup. The only word that comes to mind is delicious.

One of our companions ordered the kung pao bowl ($8.50). While he said he could taste the difference between the faux meat and the real thing, he none the less said it was very tasty and enjoyed it.

A number of us ordered dessert. A large cup filled from the bottom first with cookies, then homemade banana ice cream, and topped with whipped cream. I could not finish either my burger or my dessert.

Beverages are all non-alcoholic, with assorted teas being the only option for those who cannot have sugar.

The premises were clean, and tables were bussed almost as soon as they were emptied. Service was prompt and courteous.

3 stars for quality of food, service, and cleanliness.
First time here... Food was really good.. Daughter had a noodle bowl. I had a wrap , we split the wings. We will be coming back.. The only bad thing,no salt in the place.. It could use a little
Great "Chicago" style pizza.  There is one in Tempe, that pretty much only serves pizza and one in N. Scottsdale (FLW).  Spinach calzones are outstanding.  Tempe is a good place to go for lunch...not really a good first date place.  Just a plain simple place to get a good bite to eat.  Near Mill so that is a plus, if you are down there for an event.  They have some funny hours so call before you go.
Best pizza in Tempe.  They serve Chicago style pizza (similar to Rosati's, but way better), calzones, and sandwiches.  Their sauce is bright red and sweet.  This location is kind of hidden in a industrial building on Smith  Rd. near the Tempe Marketplace.  The dining area is pretty small and gets packed on weekends.  I usually get take-out. The calzones are good too.    Sucks that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays.  Their other locations are open on Sundays.
Best Pizza in the East Valley.
Chicago style pizza with a unique sweet sauce. A must try. You will be addicted after the first bite. 
If you're looking to eat at home, you can either take a cooked pizza home, or they'll make the pizza for you to take it home and cook there.
Seating can be an issue during rush hours. Can be cramped at times. It's a small shop in an industrial park and they have found some creative ways to do seating. 
Can be hard to find but if you're on the right street, keep looking, you'll get there.
The first time a friend took me to Spinatos, i thought she was taking me to a chop shop.  Sadly, she couldn't find the place, and neither could I.  
I went back to look for this mythical spot, and was surprised to find the BEST pizza in Phoenix.  
Yes, I said best.  A bit greasy, and it usually leads to a stomach ache afterward, but still #1 in my book.

The best sauce, the best cheese, the best crust.  
Even the Garlic Knots are to die for.

I love that this place is quaint, and hidden.  And I love that it's not so popular that you have to wait to claim one of the 4-5 tables that are in there...

Don't ever leave this location.  I think something about the ambiance makes it a better pizza than their other locations.

Thumbs UP

One request though... try to change your hours to be open 7days a week.
Wow, we've been missing out, should've tried this a lot sooner. Our NYE at home featured pizza and tiki drinks. My bf called for take-out (I figured it would be at least an hour wait), and they told him 20 minutes, nice! It wasn't hard to find, though definitely not in a well-traveled area. Actually, had it been across Rio Salado in the Tempe Marketplace, we would not have tried it, because I HATE HATE HATE Tempe Marketplace, but that's another story. 

We got the thin crust option with italian sausage, mushrooms and olives. So good!! like other reviewers said, the sauce is unbelievable. I wish I knew their secret. 

What a great find in our (relative) neighborhood. I can't wait to try Spinato's again.
Yay I'm glad we found this place.  I would have given five stars, but i've only tried them once. Very fast take-out time and excellent pizza.  We ordered a large with italian sausage, mushrooms, and black olives.  Spinato's did not disappoint--the pizza was not greasy, just really good.  It's a little bit out of the way in an industrial park of Tempe, but don't let that scare you away.  I'm looking forward to eating some more of Spinato's creations.
Yes, this place is impressive. Chicago style thin pizza (no deep dish) that is very, very good. Crispy and chewy crust, great sausage, sliced into squares. Best pizza I've had in awhile.

As a fan of Chicago pizza (my in-laws are from the Windy City) I always stick with limited toppings, one of which must be sausage. This time out, we did sausage and spinach, and it was awesome. The spinach is "mama's recipe," where there's a secret ingredient. (The secret ingredient is garlic. Lots of garlic - and that's a good thing.)

This place is tucked away into an industrial park, so it can be hard to find. It's also rather small, and can get quite crowded. Expect a wait during busy periods. It's also BYOB.
If you are a pizza freak... this is the place. The wait is always long I am sure, but the drive and the wait are worth it. The crust has a sweet tinge to it and the "super 6" is definitely the way to go... although, I saw the garlic bread and it looked good too.
Spinato's is a sweet, garlicy, gem hidden in an industrial park near Tempe Marketplace and apparently it's been surviving back there for a couple of decades. I am convinced that this is the best pizza in Tempe, perhaps the whole valley. Their pizzas are thin-crust and sliced in a grid, which means you end up eating about 10 little slices! Their homemade sauce is amazing and sweet and their toppings are fresh and come in an endless variety. Try the Grandma's if you like garlic and their spinach is always pretty tasty when paired with red peppers. The ambiance (if you can call it that) is pretty hilarious...very Long Island...think plastic flowers. If the main rooms fill up, they'll seat you in what definitely used to be a warehouse, still decked out with charming cinderblocks and all. It's also BYOB (my favorite!). They do have weird hours though. I think they close at 8 or 9pm, so give them a call first and get good directions.
Their spaghetti calzone is the best calzone I have ever had. Their signature spinach-tomato-garlic pizza is not my fav. pizza though. I like their spicy italian pizza with easy onions. Their sauce is very sweet, but it really is addicting! Get the thick crust, I think it is way better than their thin.
I have to be honest, I am completely disappointed with this place. After hearing tons of good reviews from yelpers and friends I was ecstatic to try it. I am not a fan of sweet pizza sauce so that was my first problem.  Secondly, it's very difficult to find and it took forever! I don't want to give this place a completely bad rep though because it is definitely for a certain "pizza type."
Whoa, my friend insisted we order this for our study night pizza that we ate at home amongst the books, AMAZING!

We ordered the signature pizza and garlic bread so so so good.  Yeah it was a little pricey for a pizza, but it is worth every penny.

They delivered for us, is that standard?  We live right down the street from the Tempe one.

Again I haven't been knocked off my feet with pizza in a quite awhie, I agree with the review below that it is a distinct taste and if it's for you, you're going to melt...
The best pizza this side of the Mississippi!
When I walked in the door and saw that the Pizza Oven was one of those conveyor belt ovens I should have gone with my gut feeling and walked away. A real Chicago Pizza is made in an oven with a stone shelf and you need either a pan or peel to get it in and out of the oven.

The hype on the website talks about how the owners wanted to bring Chicago pizza to Phoenix. I have never had Pizza like this in Chicago. 

Was it better than Pizza Hut or Barro's? Yes. Was it better than Oregano's or Rosati's. No!

We first ordered an Anti-Pasto Salad with mixed greens. It was a bed of lettuce and spinach with some Italian Meats and Cheeses. Lots of sliced Green and Black Olives and a couple of Peperoncini. Not impressed. Oregano's wins this one hands down.

The pizza. We ordered a Peperoni, Mushroom and Black Olive Pizza.
The most notable thing was that the sauce was very sweet, too sweet. Now I've had a sweet sauce ad liked it but this one was overpowering. I prefer a more tart sauce with a more oregano and basil flavor with some spice.

The cheese was good but the mushrooms were canned. The crust was more like a biscuit dough and it was more buttery and flaky than crispy.

If you want a Thin Crust Chicago Pizza with a slightly sweet sauce I would recommend Johnie"s Chicago Pizza on Cave Creek.  Spinato's has Coke and Johnie's has Pepsi and I would go to Johnie's anytime even though he has Pepsi. 

To say the least I was very disappointed with Spinato's when there is an Oregano's less than 3 miles away.

One other thing. I ordered my son a Kids Pizza, Drink Dessert and instead of giving me the Kids price they charged me the separate price because they did not see me order it off the kids menu. I asked WTF and they did adjust it when I complained.

To give you an idea of the Chicago Pizza I like for those of you from Chicago to rate my taste here they are. Lou Malnati's or Original Due's Barnaby's. Village Inn, Home Run Inn. Edwardo's, Bacino's. Gigo's Evanston. 

In Chicago Rosati's would barely make my list but in Phoenix it's near the top, only second to Oregano's. I do not like anybody's Pan Pizza in Phoenix.

I did forget one thing that was actually very good. The Gelato that came with my son's meal. It was really good. Really good. Not good enough to go back and eat the pizza for though. I have been told the Italian Beef is really good. The same person who told me the pizza was good is the person who said that so I'm not really sure if I want to chance it. What do you think?
Hands down the best pizza in town.  They have 4 locations.  1 in Tempe which used to be the best because it allowed you to bring in your own alcohol but that is no longer.  2 in phoenix which are great and 1 in NE scottsdale.  The pizza is to die for with a thin crust and a semi sweet sauce.  They do offer a thick (sicilian crust) but the thin is best.  The sauce is sweet but not to sweet and the toppings are fresh and plentiful.  I personally love the hawaiian with italian sausage or the italian sausage with mushroom and onion.  The service is good and  you feel right at home.  Dont forget to get the cheese bread with marinara....It's to die for.  All 4 restaurants are family owned and you can tell by the taste, quality and experience you have each and every time.  The Best.
I have been wanting to try this place for years and I'm sorry I hadn't sooner!  The 3 of us split the atipasto salad, which was amazing, along with a L'Italiana pizza.  The pizza was marinated spinach, cheese, and roasted red pepper in a great red sauce.  We added jalepenos.  I'm already looking forward to my next visit!
i am just not a fan of this kind of pizza. i hate the sweet sauce, i hate that the ingredients are under the cheese so they don't get crunchy and crispy, the pepperoni is floppy. just not for me. the crust was kinda gooey like. 

my delivery was 30 minutes late but its ok bc i wasn't in a hurry. they were really nice i just can't stand this kind of pizza. 


if you like the sweet sauce and toppings under the cheese then go for it bc you'll probably love it!
Mama Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach Pizza is one of the most perfect meals you can find in the Valley.

Spinato's sauce is really what hits the spot. It's slightly sweet. The fresh garlic on this pizza catches you by surprise and keeps you coming back for more.

If I could give Spinato's an extra star, I would. And it would be for the following: If you eat in the restaurant, the pizzas are served on top of a cooling rack, on top of a pizza pan. This ensures proper air circulation to the crust. By the time you get to that last slice of pizza (and trust me, there will be no leftovers to speak of) the crust still holds up to the pile of fresh spinach which sits atop it!

I know it's in a seemingly bland industrial park, but I promise you that there is nothing bland about the food. This will be a family favorite for as long as it exists.
LOVE the pizza here. It reminds me of being that fat little kid who loves pepperoni pizza, you know the one.. he's got pizza sauce all over his face and doesnt care what anyone else thinks! 

Now that I'm a fat little man, I still get the same pleasure out of the pizza at Spinato's, you know the pleasure.. you've got pizza sauce all over your face and you don't care what anyone else thinks!
Best sauce on a pizza I have ever tasted.  There sandwiches are to die for....
Ok, If you love pizza you gotta go to Spinato's !! 

I first tried their pizza at the Taste Of Tempe last spring and ya maybe I was really boozed up on cider beer but with free food everywhere I continued to find myself over at the Spinato area the majority of the time. Their pizza is orgasmic, and that's not a word I throw around often.

However, a few downers, one they are still doing construction work in the restaurant in Tempe but get over it, the pizza makes up for the way it looks! Second downer, they don't have their liquor license yet, but grab a 12-pack and drink  in your car while you wait for a table... because trust me, their always busy and you'll be waiting.
I found out about Spinato's after learning that they serve gluten-free pizzas!  I have tried several other places, and so far Spinato's ranks high on my list!  I am dairy-free, soy-free, egg-free, and gluten-free, as well as, poultry and beef-free, so finding a place that could accommodate my diet is sometimes hard to find!  However, Spinato's definitely took care of me!  

I had the Traditional Vegetarian gluten-free pizza and it was awesome.  I arrived early on a Friday night before the crowds started rolling in, and my waitress was awesome.  She actually tried the gluten-free pizza and was able to offer some commentary.  Anyways, the pizza was  very flavorful, so much so that I could not stop eating it!  The golden brown, thin and crispy crust topped with a variety of sweet peppers, mushrooms and onions definitely makes this pizza a hit!  

So, if you are looking for a family-friendly environment with great customer service, and gluten-free options, consider Spinato's Pizzeria and submit to "The Spinato Experience".
Ech!  Why do so many people rave about this place?!  It's just OK.  Not horrible, but slightly above average.  if you like very sweet tomato sauce on your pizza then you may like Spinatos.  I wanted to like this pizza, in fact I've ordered it twice just to be sure I wasn't crazy.  

I love Chicago style pizza, but I also love any thin crust pizza, including NY style... basically I just love pizza, so I'm not biased in anyway.  I just think the sauce is very strange tasting!  

I've heard the meatball sub is good, but I'm just not diggin' the tomato sauce.  The first piece may be OK, but the sauce and it's odd sweetness really loses me.
Simply the best pizza I have ever tasted. It's all about their pizza sauce. It is amazing and it doesn't get any better than this. Granted the restaurant has been under construction for what seems like an eternity and it looks more like an old abandoned warehouse rather than a restaurant, however, their pizza is unlike anything I have ever tasted.   Yum!
I have been searching far and wide for a decent pizza/salad place I could get to on my lunch break for, oh, two years now. Fuck decent, this shit is delicious!!

Thanks to the lovely Sunny B.'s review on the Spinato's in Central Phoenix, I decided to do a little digging and see if they had one anywhere near Tempe. And that is when I found this total hole-in-the-wall little shack of heaven a block away from Tempe Marketplace.

I know we've all been taught not to judge a book my its cover, so seriously, do not let the meager building scare you away as there is a serious gem hidden inside.

Chicago style thin crust pizza, oven baked to a perfect crisp. Heavy on the tomato sauce just like I like it, and a heaping house salad served almost immediately after ordering it. And they also have a bunch of gluten-free options for you unlucky Celiac sufferers out there.

I am in love. I will certainly be back. After they get their liquor license, I might never leave.
Terrific pizza for over 20 years from a really nice Chicago family. For those of you from the Windy City, think Home Run Inn (the original S. Side location).  The crust is they key...it's perfect -- thin and almost pastry-like. This crust and other fresh ingredients more than offset the slightly too sweet sauce and use of canned mushrooms.  One of the top 5 pizzas in the valley!
Probably the best pizza in Tempe.  Place is small and hidden but a true find.  The staff is friendly too with great service.  The food taste much better when it is dine in...for some reason takeout doesn't taste the same...
Don't even know how to begin... Chicago style pizza here AMAZING!! Hands down the best Chicago style pizza in the valley!! Im willing to say the best pizza west of illinois seriously!! Tastey and hearty subs but if ur a spinatos virgin u best b ordering the chicago because it will leaving u wanting more!!
Great Calzones, good pizza selections.  Their ambience is nothing to shout about if you are eating there.  But I am more concerned about taste so its fine, we sat in their back area when they had renovations once.  Its like U are seated on the other side of the false wall partitions and you see the cement floor, overhead wirings, wirings and pipes in the wall.  But hey, the food is all that matters, and they have decent servers who try hard to take good care of you.

Prices are also very decent due to their location being in the middle of an entire office and warehouse building zone.  My old office was just next door and my mechanic is in the same complex.  They get busy at lunch time with a lot of pick up orders and walk in for lunch from the nearby businesses.

If you are in the Tempe Marketplace area and need a good pizza and you have been to Slices over there and wanna try something different, this is the place.
Where did this place come from?  It's in a strange location but it's a small, neat space.  On a Friday evening at 6:30pm our group of 6 was able to be seated no problem.  Having never been here before, our group was ready for a beer.  Say what?!?!  No alcohol?!?!  What's pizza without a cold beer?  Anyway.  

I started with the garlic bread sticks and the house salad with spinach.  Both were above average and delicious!  I was practically licking the bottom of the salad bowl and my husband definitely stole a 3rd bread stick.  

On to the pizza.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to read the trusted Yelp reviews prior and was therefore surprised by the somewhat sweet sauce.  It was okay....but I'm not a fan.  The "Lil" Sicilian cheese pizza I got was the perfect size (I did have a salad and bread sticks prior thought!).  

Service was good - no complaints.  I think they deliver - so maybe next time we're at Sleepy Dog brewery we can call them up and enjoy some pizza with our beer!
Pineapple and pepperoni with extra sauce. I know it sounds weird, but it's a great combination at Spinato's. The sauce is boss, and I can't get over how perfectly chewy and crisp the crust is.

While at Spinato's, I was treated to a display of the restaurant's outstanding service. A table of business diners were upset because one had asked for cheese after receiving a calzone and didn't realize that meant making a whole new calzone. Instead of appreciating the lengths Spinato's will go to provide a fresh, delicious meal, she shrieked, "Can't you just throw some cheese on top?" And her pal was mad because he asked for sweet peppers and then ate his sandwich before the peppers arrived. 

To the servers' credit, they comped a few items, boxed what couldn't be waited for and apologized profusely. I wouldn't have handled it so well.

So, for me, Spinato's doesn't compare with Pino's, but we're talking a different style of pizza. I certainly will be back when in Arizona.
I shared a large Signature Spinach pizza with 3 friends, we were pretty satisfied with the pizza. We tend to be pretty picky and fussy about our pizza becuase were all from NYC and NJ. the crust was a little doughy i prefer it to be more crispy. The flavors from the spinach and garlic really stand out and make for a very tasty pizza. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
As my friend Randy C. would say, this place is bomb.com/calzone.ricottacheese

Randy was visiting from Seattle, and he wanted to his up some local food so a group of 6 of us went to Spinato's for dinner. There was a wait when the first of us got there, but by the time our whole party arrived, we were ready to be seated. 

This was my first visit in a while, post-renovation, and I'm glad to see that they opened up the place a bit. I have to agree about the bummer of no alcohol, but whatever. We ordered a few apps, I got a garlic bread without cheese (was not in a cheesy bread mood, no big deal), and when it came out with cheese our server brought us out another plate with no cheese I was stoked :)

A few of us got the stuffed spaghetti calzone. I got a small and it was huge. Ate half, took the other half home. It was also BOMB. So good. Everyone else was pleased with their meals. Will def return
I discovered good ole' Spinato's a few years back and I completely fell in love!  

I usually opt to have the "oh so delicious" Baked Spaghetti Calzone.  I only get the petite size because that alone is HUGE.  It is cooked to perfection with a sweet tasting Italian sauce.  

This is one place, I usually like to introduce to people!  I've got to spread the word on the great mom and pop food places!
Went back about two weeks ago to send off a friend. This place is orgasmic. We shared the homemade sausage pizza and a small spaghetti calzone. On my dying bed I would ask for a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta.
I wouldn't call this the best pizza ever, but it is very very good.  I've been hearing a bunch of buzz about this place so naturally I needed to give it a shot.  I'm not a big fan of the "sweet" sauce people on Yelp talk about but I'm down for anything.

My wife and I went for an early dinner Friday.  The location of this place is a bit different and we had trouble finding it.  It is in an office building type thing and it is pretty genius how they did it.  We had a little trouble finding it but the cars parked up and down the side of the road was a good indication that we were close.  It is a no-frills place but is actually pretty homey and not cold and stark as you think it would be.  We got there about 6ish and it was already pretty busy.  There were only 1 or 2 free tables.  We were seated promptly and the service was top-notch the entire time.

The pizza:

My wife and I split a small pizza.  It was half the Signature and half of the homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni (both thin crust).  It was more than enough for 2 people.  The crust is almost perfect, not overly sauced, and plentiful cheese and toppings.  It really is some great pizza.  But yeah, I'm not really a fan of the sweet sauce.

* Signature Fresh Spinach = pretty good.  I'm not really a fan of those toppings but I've heard rave review about the pie so I need to get it.  I'm not sure I would order it again but I'm glad I tried it.

* Homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni.  This was excellent pizza!  My wife thought it was a bit oily but its friggin pizza and that's how it should be.  The sausage and peperoni were both delish.

* Margherita = we ordered a lil one of these.  I thought it was very good but my wife loved loved loved it.  The crust was light and airy and the toppings/cheese weren't overkill.

* Mama's Antipasto Salad = eh..ok.  I wouldn't order it again.  Nothing special.  They need a Caesar on the menu.

Anyway, the place is great.  When I feel the need to get carbed out I will return.  I just have to remember to get there early because by 7ish there is a line out the door.  I also wouldn't mind doing delivery and/or their take-and-bake pizza.
It seems that every which way you turn these days there are more and more gluten free pizza options showing up around the valley. Pizza joints around Phoenix have all gotten on the bandwagon since they see how big a demand there is for gluten free pizza in Arizona and how our little community votes heavily with our dollars - even in our current economic climate. Will I pay $15 bucks for a good gluten free pizza? You betcha!

Spinato's was recommended to me by my co-worker as the best place for pizza in Phoenix. That was a pretty bold statement to make since there are so many good pizza places in town, and boy, Gary was right. I was blown away by Spinato's.

First of all, the pizzeria is tucked away in a business park behind Tempe Marketplace and unless you know someone "in the know" you'd probably never stumble upon it yourself. This place is no frills - block walls, old concrete floors, and simple table setups, but the food is far from simple. It's fresh, cooked to order, and the service was fantastic.

They have an entire menu devoted to gluten free item's, so there's no guesswork involved with ingredients or which combo's you can eta, etc..... I had the "Nicole's Favorite" pizza, which is Gluten Free Creations Signature crust, topped generously with slices of Genoa salami, artichoke hearts, onions, and lightly sprinkled with mozzarella cheese. It was perfecto!

Now, let's talk about the sauce. I think their pizza sauce may actually be the best pizza sauce I've ever had. It was slightly sweet with loads of fresh tomato flavor, and perfectly seasoned. Each bite was a perfect balance and I had to refrain from eating the whole darn pizza so I didn't look like a total pig to my new co-workers. I politely took half home and then devoured the rest at 4:00 as a late afternoon lunch.  "Nicole's Favorite" is now "Jessica's Favorite! Well done Spinato's!
Excellent pizza although the sauce is a little sweet for my tastes but a crappy website. I live less than 1/4 mile from the tempe location but their website says I am not in there delivery area. However when I call the store I am able to get delivery just fine. Let's hope they get a website that works well soon....
Spinato's is the best pizza in Tempe - no question. I've been stuffing my face with their yummy pizza for a few years now and I'm never disappointed.

Spinato's is a no frills, awesome food kinda place. You don't go here for the atmosphere, you go to fill your belly.

Here are a few of my fav menu items: 
Normally I don't really care for cooked spinach but their signature spinach pizza is fantastic. It's loaded with spinach and garlic so not the best choice if you're on a date. I recommend adding sausage to it as well to kick it up a level. So good. 
Speaking of spinach, last time I was there my friends and I got the spinach with extra sauce. I was hesitant because, like the cooked spinach, I don't like a ton of sauce on my pizza (apparently I'm picky). But just like the cooked spinach, Spinato's made extra pizza sauce extra awesome. They drizzle it on top of the cheese instead of just adding to the sauce underneath  to give the pizza an extra ounce of sweetness. 

And then there is the best thing on the menu - the spaghetti calzone. It's  a full spaghetti dinner wrapped into a bundle of dough. Get it with the meatballs and the ricotta cheese. I mean if you're gonna order a spaghetti calzone, you gotta go all in right? Right. 

The staff here is always really friendly. It's rare to get the same server more than once at places around here but at Spinato's their staff is consistent. And they remember us when we go in. It's nice to be acknowledged for being a regular. Kinda makes me think it might be time to visit them again...
What the %$#@ just happened???  You have to try the "Mama Spinatos signature fresh spinach pizza!!!   Fresh spinach, tomatoes, and a handful of fresh garlic,  It was like a flavor bomb hit my pie hole!  This pizza is so good you can't put it down 'til your lying fetal position on the couch because you ate so much.  This is chicago thin crust at its finest.  

I eat pizza, its what I do and this place has great thin crust.  Do yourself a favor and order a take-out, trust me.

I wish i could comment on the rest of the food.  The pizza is so good I can't seem to try anything else.

Edit: The pizza here puts Oregano's to shame.
I have to agree with others, Mama Spinato's signature fresh spinach pizza is the bomb and everyone needs to get one.  I would only recommend one thing: add chicken.  The pizza lacks meat, and although I haven't tried the addition, yet, I can't wait to go again before I leave Phoenix.  This place is awesome and I can't promote it enough.

It's a hole-in-the-wall joint in the middle of some industrial buildings right across from Tempe Towne Center.  You need this pizza.
By Far the best Pizza in Phoenix (excluding Bianca's). Cheap, easy, and amazing sauce.

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
I'm not usually a fan of Chicago-style pizzas.  However, Spinato's was definitely different from any that I've tried, and the crust is quite tasty, the cheese high quality, and the sauce pretty good too -- if a bit unique.  For my office, I ordered a sausage pizza, along with a cheese and a veggie (mushroom, onion, pepper); all were fantastic.  I then took home the leftovers and made it an all-pizza kind of day.  Definitely the best takeout I've had in quite a while, but I think the sweetness of the sauce might get old over time.
I'm giving this place one more star than I normally would because I feel like I'm reviewing it for Husband and I.
I like Spinato's pretty okay.
Husband? Yeah, he freaking LOVES Spinato's.
The pizza is nice and thin crust, and while the last time I was there it was being renovated, the decor is nice and casual. We usually get take out, and the pizza is just as good the next day.
What makes Spinato's unique, is the pizza sauce. It's really sweet - and not "your teeth will fall out" sweet, but there's a slight sweetness that adds another dimension to the pie.
It's definitely worth a trip!
It's a home alone Sunday night, and I'm in the mood for something better than what's left in my fridge while I watch football and clean out the DVR. I read a lot of good things about Spinato's, so I figured why not. 

I checked out the menu online. While I was happy to see they have online ordering, I was disappointed to discover that at 2.33 miles away, I could only pick up my order. I decided to go ahead and make a pick up order anyway. I will say that Spinato's web site is great to order from. It offers up several options about what you can add to the pizza and how you want them to bake it. I went ahead and went with a lil' "signature" fresh spinach, and an order of garlic bread. 

The garlic bread was a big disappointment. It tasted no different than something you'd pick up and toast at any grocery store. 
The pizza was pretty good, but not worth driving out to pick up. I'm also not a big fan of the sweet sauce. 

I'd be willing to give Spinato's another try if I were going to eat out. But if I'm going for take out, there's a few better options in the South Scottdales/North Tempe area.
I go this Spinato's frequently for lunch.  The pie is always fresh, therefore it takes a little time.  I like their sausage.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I would go more often, but I always over eat!  I've never had their thick crust, but their thin is very good.
I've never been to the actual restaurant but I got delivery from here one night. I tried their specialty "Mama Spinato's" signature spinach pizza because I like trying whatever the "house specialty" is when I go to a new place. I was not disappointed. 

Another reviewer mentioned that the sauce is somewhat sweet and I'd agree with that. But it's not unpleasant, in fact I think I like it better than sauces I've had at other pizza places because of that.

The ingrediants definitely tasted fresh and were perfectly blended. As for the delivery service, it arrived hot and perfect so no complaints there. I've heard other reviewers say that this is the must-try pizza in the Valley and I can't say I disagree.
The service was great!  However the atmosphere lacked, mainly because there were no TVs or music playing.  The pizza was ok.  The sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  I couldn't taste the 5 toppings on my pizza it was so over powering.  The crust was thick and delicious.  Overall I had a decent experience, but I probably won't come again
Took the kids there last night (10-21-10).

We enjoyed the food.  I had the "Chicago" pizza which had red and green bell peppers, onions, sausage.  It was very good.  I just now had the leftovers for breakfast this morning.  

My daughter had the Spaghetti Calzone, and was not overwhelmed by the taste, really.  She picked at it, but said it was good - just not "blow her socks off" good.

There is all this talk by Yelp reviewers of the "sweetness" of the sauce at Spinatos, and they are correct - the sauce has a MILDLY sweet flavor.  It's not overwhelmingly sugary sweet at all.  After all the comments, I expected it to taste like tomato candy.  But it was just sorta sweet-ISH.  Some people talk about how "sweet" the sauce at Papa John's is, and I have never really noticed that sweetness.  Although I did notice the Spinatos sweetness, it did not negatively affect the taste of the pizza AT ALL.

The pizza was better for breakfast than it was for dinner last night.  :)

One other major plus:  The "Italian Bread and Butter" that is on the appetizer menu for $1.89 if worth every penny, and more.  Very fresh bread, baked daily by a local bakery, good hard brown crust, and plenty of cold tub butter to spread on it.  It was excellent.

All in all, Spinatos is indeed one of the best pizzas I have had in Phoenix - definitely in the Top Five.
Hands down best Spinach Calzones I've ever eaten!!!  A family owned business that gets REALLY PACKED!  Make sure if you are there you are prepared to wait sometimes because it is almost always busy the food is so good!
Schedule your dentist appointment now, their sauce is sweet!!!  I have had sweet sauces before, but this one takes the cake!!! Not that it was bad tasting, but I personally think that they could reduce the sweetness and bring out some of the other flavors of the sauce.  I had the spaghetti and meatball calzone and the ingredients were delicious, but the sweet sauce seemed to over power some of the flavor.  My dining partner had the spinach special pizza and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  We also had the bruschetta and the bread was perfectly toasted and the tomatoes, basil, and peppers were great!!!

I am not the biggest fan of the sweet sauce, but If you can get by it, I recommend that you check it out.
Best pizza I found so far in tempe. A little pricey but you get your money worth. I like the mamma's spinach CALZONE. The mamma's spinach pizza wasnt as good. Be prepared for some garlic though! You may want to ask w/o garlic if you dont like it ;-) ... overall really really good!
This place is absolutely fabulous, for many reasons.  

First and foremost, the food.  I ordered two large pizzas to go (cheese and vegetarian).  Both were absolutely delicious!  The crust is thin and light, the cheese melts in your mouth, the sauce ultra flavorful, and the veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection.  It was a definite hit with everyone.

The location is a bit hidden (it's in an industrial neighborhood), but still very convenient as it is right across the street from Tempe Marketplace.  The interior was charming, with brick walls and small tables - reminescint of what I envision a small pizza parlor in Italy to look and feel like.

Although the prices are higher than you would find at a Dominos or Pizza Hut, so is the quality of the food - therefore, worth the extra few bucks.

Finally, the staff was amazing.  I had approached the manager for a small food donation for a local charity, and he went above and beyond to provide us with ample food for all involved and made our charity experience that much more memorable.

Overall, this place is definitely worth a stop (or two, or three)!
This is the best pizza I've ever had. Just had it for the first time and can't stop eating it. This is what my friend brought home:

L'Italiana................................................... 7.50 | 12.25 | 17.50 | 22.00

Fresh baby spinach carefully marinated in Mamma Spinato's 'Secret Seasonings', then baked with fire roasted red peppers and a blend of feta and mozzarella cheese! Our award winner!

This pizza is phenomenal. He added meatball and ricotta. I can't wait to order from here again!
Have you ever watched the turkey dinner scene in National Lampoons Christmas Vacation? I had to melt down every bite of that pizza with water before swallowing it. If I wasn't so hungry I would have thrown it away and gone out to eat... 

It tasted like cardboard... I should have known it was bad pizza the second the guy I ordered it from said we're all out of 11" pizzas. Right then and there was my clue that they don't even make their own dough. A pre-Made frozen pie shell is what they are using. I could have gone to the store and purchased a stuffed crust Freschetta and been a lot happier. Not to mention that the 7" pizza with an order of 6 bread sticks cost me $18 bucks...

I've lived all over AZ for the last 12 years and have ordered pizza from all over the place... You want a good pie? Here are 6 quality places:

1. Veneiza's - NY style with Blue cheese and they have Buffalo wings. Want a good deal? Go in and get the 2 slices and a beverage for like 5 bucks... Want the biggest pizza you have ever seen? Order the Party Pie... Awesome!
2. Reno D's - Great Pies with a unique flavor. Wings have an awesome sauce so order a side and you'll get a 12oz container full.
3. Nellos - Offers great pie and a good price.
4. Pizzeria Bianco - Sit down joint. Make a reservation! Brick Oven, gourmet style...
5. Oreganos - Good pies including Chicago style. No delivery option though!
6. Gus's on Campus is a good "I'm drunk and hungry" place. Go Sober up!

Just stay the hell away from Spinato's because no one should have to eat crappy pie... Especially during football season!

AJ - Tempe, Az.
Phoenix continues to flex its muscle as a haven for Pizza.  This long time favorite provides a great comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere...surprising since it is in the middle of a Tempe industrial park.  The thin crust tastes like it has a dash of honey, the sauce is a great complement.  And that spaghetti calzone...let's just say that I wouldn't be surprised if other smart pizza joints don't start making it.

Like everything else, there is more than one way to enjoy pizza. This isn't your typical wood fired Neapolitan, coal fired New York, or Chicago deep dish.  It is somewhat unique, it is very memorable, and it is should have a comfortable home within your pizza shortlist.
This is probably some of the BEST pizza Ive had in Arizona.  It reminds me of one of my favorite places in Chicago.  There are a few locations around the valley but this one is the one closest to me. It's a very small place and only seats about 30 people but there usually is never a wait and the service is really quick.
This pizza has been around for years. The family started the original place under the name Aurelio's in the early 1980's. It was in Tempe as well but different location was off McDowell. The pizza over the years has been consistently good. The owners are awesome and friendly.  I am recommending for those going for the first time to try the Spinato's spinach pizza or the all meat pizza. I would start with an antipasto salad and then dive into the pizza! Delicioso! Currently have to BYOB/BYOW but process of getting a liquor license as of 10/2010.
Slices or Spinato's? When you're near Tempe Marketplace and don't want to miss the movie you are about to watch you should check this place out. Slices is more of a "New York" style pizza where as Spinato's is more of a homemade style pizza, and I don't say that with any disrespect. In fact, if I had to suggest one of the two places I would most definitely suggest Spinato's. I'll try outline my reasoning behind this choice.

Slices just has their "NY" style pizza, and to be quite honest they don't even do it that well. There are tons of places in Phoenix that do "NY" style pizza, and a notable place is Venezia's on Southern and Mill, not too far from Tempe Marketplace. Spinato's does have an "NY" style pizza and a Sicilian pizza, and the latter is actually pretty good.

On a Friday night, this place gets somewhat packed for dine-in, but you can order "eat-in". So basically, you order you food, wait to be seated, and then shortly after being seated you can get your food. This worked out pretty well. The service is also good, and the staff are pretty friendly. Bathroom was small, one bathroom for the whole place, but it was clean and well kept. 

The pizza was very interesting, we got a Sicilian "Traditional Vegetarian" pizza. Essentially, if you could compare it to another pizza it'd be DiGiorno. Seriously though, the pizza reminded me a lot of DiGiorno's frozen pizza. This place has a unique homemade feeling to it, and even the pizza. I'm not saying its bad, its just unique. The crust is actually delicious, and I usually don't care too much about the taste of the crust, but this one actually tasted pretty good. The downside though is the way they served it, nothing to pick up slices with, and it was super easy for toppings to slide through the grill when it was warm. It became somewhat of a pain to handle the first few slices. 

This place has serious selection issues. Let's see, pork, pork, more pork, and a little bit more pork, oh and a little bit of vegetarian stuff. Ok, so where does that leave kosher meat eaters? Not at this place. If you eat kosher meat, and enjoy it on your pizza, this is not the place to come. There is literally no chicken or beef available here in terms of toppings.

This place is pretty good and moderately priced. My significant other and I shared a 14" sicilian, and got waters which totaled to something like $15. Certainly not a terrible price, but for the price I think we could do a little better. I suppose if we wanna catch a movie after dinner we would visit this place, but it is certainly isn't on the top of our pizza visiting list. Its good pizza, it filled me up, it was tasty, but pizza is a competitive market.
A hidden gem of a pizzeria in Tempe.  Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach pizza is one of the best I've ever had!
"Max A'"  brought up some good points about Spinato's. The ingredients-under-the-cheese is a little odd, and the crust is unnecessarily messy.

That said, I'm still a fan. I never had sweet pizza sauce before trying Spinato's, but it's good, and theirs is very fresh. 

What motivated me to write this review wasn't the pizza, though. Their calzone's are awesome! Especially the baked spaghetti and meatball calzone. That one only comes in one size, but it's perfect. 

Like other's wrote, the building is kinda hidden. It's about a one block south of University, and the door faces north. 

And I think Spinato's is still BYOB.
the first itme i had pizza from here i stole it from someone's fridge while i was drunka nd partying at their house - didnt know them btw. I thought it was from heaven. took me 2 years to enter the restaurant and when i did i was let down. too many good artisan pizza places in town do go back.
I got lost finding this place for the first time.

It was a Saturday around 2pm and it was packed.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  Then after we got a table and ordered and got our huge glasses of iced tea we had to wait and wait and wait and wait and wait for our food.  We were so hungry we asked for crackers or bread or something to eat while we waited.  The waitress said she would bring hot bread and never did.  About an hour after arrival we finally got our food.  

I REALLY wanted to hate this place.

The spaghetti calzone was SO SO YUMMY.  It was delicious and a week later I still can't stop thinking about it.

My kids each got a pizza and it was as first time I have seen them eat everything they ordered.

My husband got a gluten free pizza and thought it was just okay.  For how expensive it was he said he would stick to Barros.

But the spaghetti calzone.  Mmmmmm... I look forward to trying the pizza myself next time as well.
It really is as good as it gets at Spinato's. I'm originally from Chicago and have never had any luck finding good Chicago-style thin crust ANYWHERE in the valley. My boyfriend picked up Spinato's on a whim a week or so ago and I had to keep myself from eating the entire pie!

The sauce is amazing - completely full of flavor. The crust is thin and flaky on the edges, and they cut their slices in SQUARES - my favorite. We just got the cheese for our first time, because if a place has good CHEESE pizza, all of the rest of their pizza will be good.

This is the best Chicago style pizza in Arizona. Absolutely delicious!
Three words: gluten free pizza. 

At a reasonable price, too!

I have eaten at Spinato's many times before, but it has been a few years as I have given up gluten (protein in wheat). Mentioning that I miss pizza at dinner yesterday, a new friend noted that Spinato's had gluten-free pizza! I was so happy to hear they added it to their menu. 

Tonight for dinner, I ordered a 10" gluten free pizza with pepperoni, feta cheese, and diced garlic for $12.90 (pick up). It was bigger than 10" and was so delicious! Much better than the pathetic excuse for a pizza they serve at Streets of New York. I am definitely coming back here soon to order all the pizza I've missed out on these last few years.
The pizza is great. You should order Nicky's favorite. The 12st and Glendale locate has 1/2 price pitchers on Thursdays. Don't miss out on great pizza and great service. 

It is all about the food not location.  So this place gets 5 stars.   

Only downsize is the place is small and gets full up quickly. So go early to get a table. They just need to build a bigger place for the great pizza.
Four and a half stars! 

While in AZ for work, I got a chance to try this place out. The location is small and in an office park type area, but from my experiences these places usually have the best food. I was NOT disappointed. 

I was even a fan of the crushed style ice they use in their gigantic drinking cups - less need for refills. I ordered a dinner salad to start and it was definitely fresh! There's not much you can do to mess up a salad, and this place has large portion sizes. But this place is all about the pizza. I had the thin crust with mixed peppers and green olives - yes green olives - a true rarity to find in pizza joints where I'm from. Usually you're stuck with just the black olives. 

The crust was perfect - not tortilla thin - so it actually held the toppings. They don't skimp on the toppings or cheese and the sauce is absolutely perfect.  Apparently they make their own sauce (lightly sweet) and at this particular spot they make it all and send out to the other locations. 

Service was great. The greeter offered gluten-free menus before we were even seated, the server was patient and helpful and the manager stopped by every table towards the end of everyone's meals. 

I'd give this 5 stars, but the only thing I learned that stole that 'half' star was that they use frozen peppers. I prefer just green peppers but the stash they use has red/green mixed as they come in a bag. 

Truthfully it was an insignificant point due to the amazing flavor of their pizza and great service. 

Highly recommended if you're ever in this area!  Since its not too far from the airport, if I'm ever in town for work again, I'm definitely getting back out to Spinatos!
Ah-Fricken-Mazing..... My friend had mentioned to me that this pizza place called "Spinatos" made a baked spaghetti calzone... Being preggo this sounded like the best thing EVER MADE! Last week i ordered one for lunch as take out. The guy who took my order was so nice, not the usual "I can give a rat's @$$" college student worker. When I picked it up ALL of the employees were on their game as far as customer service goes. The food...  it was very good. The crust tasted fresh and perfectly cooked, the spaghetti inside was tender, and the sausage was sweet and full of flavor. I can not wait to try their pizza! I will be back... very very soon.
I really enjoyed this place.  The service is great and the pizza is very, very good.  Our server was friendly, courteous and checked on us at all the right times.  I would say the price range is average.  It's a super casual place, so you wouldn't look out of place if you walked in there with your hair uncombed wearing sweats. They do not serve alcohol, but they do have a killer brownie and gelato.  The garlic bread appetizer is simple, but yummy.  We had a large pizza with half what I wanted and half what my friend wanted.  The thing I tend to dislike about pizza places (but worth it if the pizza is fantastic) is the wait once you order it.  The pizza was brought to us in about only 10 minutes.  Very impressed with the whole thing.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is first, the tables were too close together.  I'm not loud, but I shouldn't have to whisper either, so there really is no seat in the place to have a private discussion with your party.  I understand they want as much business as they can, but when the lady at the table next to me snickers at something I said, I think it's time to take a table or two out.  Second, I like my crust with a little bit of a crisp or crunch.  This pizza crust was really soft. It might be more a preference issue though, so more of a heads up if you like it the way I like it.   Now, if only they had a small wine selection to complete the package.  :)
Love everything I've tried here.  A little bummed that the Tempe location doesn't do pasta.
We thought we were at the wrong place when we pulled up - very industrial looking from the outside, but totally different inside.  The salads and pies were awesome.  We had the Mama Spinato's pie and the Super Six.  The Mama's Spinatos was awesome.  Our group will definitely go back.  I only wish they served beers.
What a hidden gem!! I've lived in Tempe nearly six years and can't believe I've never been to Spinato's before. Tucked into the industrial part of Tempe, it's hard to miss but you will want to make the trip. After getting my wisdom teeth out all I wanted was pizza and this place was a great choice to be re-introduced to the world of solid foods
Some of the best pizza you will find in Phoenix. This place gives pizzeria Bianca and La Grande Orange an able challenger. The restaurant is small and intimate and fills up quickly during dinner and lunch. Luckily they have a take out option and you can go down the street to sleepy dog brewery to eat your pizza. 

All the pizza Ive had here has been great. I particularly like the Super Six, Nicole's Favorite and the spinach pizza. I would give it 5 if they had more seating and served alcohol.
We had been hearing rave reviews about this pizza and yelp has the reviews to back up what we were hearing.  The staff is super friendly.  One of the best things about this pizza place is that when there is a line to be seated you can pre order your pie so when you sit down you wait for food is very short.  It is a pretty efficient way to get patrons in and out.

On to the food.  Started with the 1/2 and 1/2 dinner salad.  The Italian dressing was just ok for me, but there was nothing wrong with it.  The 1/2 of spinach was non existent.  The pie showed up shortly after the salad was consumed.  My biggest complaint about the pie was the sweet sauce.  So sweet in fact that I had to add salt to try to cut the sweetness.  Defiantly not my favorite pie.
The most FANTASTIC pizza I have ever had the opportunity to enjoy. I have tried three of their pies and I am currently on a mission to try all of them and still remain thin, it may be hard because every time I am there I stuff my face!

My favorite out of the three that I have tried (The Super Six, Get Meaty and the Chicago) has to be the super six with get meaty coming in second just because I need a little green on my pizza. 

Staff is friendly and quick and the place has a great clean homey vibe. The location is a little hard to find because they are hidden away but it is so worth looking for!
Oh my heck, this is THE BEST pizza EVER!  The homemade Italian sausage is ambrosia!!  If you go you MUST try the sausage.....  The sweet, homemade sauce compliments it perfectly.  Oh, I drool thinking about this pizza.....   TRY IT!!  you will not be disappointed!!
This place is LEGIT and a must if you haven't eaten here before. Be prepared to wait, by it's worth it!!! Best cheese bread I've ever had!
I think I have found my favorite pizza place. Woohoo, Yelpers. Spinato's is as good as it gets for me.

My date and I went here today (Thursday, 7/28) for a late lunch. This is the first pizza place that we have both loved. He is a lover of Chicago deep dish with a million toppings and I am much like Kenneth the Page from 30 Rock (my favorite pizza topping is plain). 

Location: Spinato's is indeed tucked in an industrial park on Smith Street between University and Rio Salado, closer to the latter. You might not even notice the restaurant upon first glance. I didn't. (Look for the misters and the "open" sign.) It's not really a date-date place, so don't take a first date here. 

Service: Greeted by a friendly, college-freshman-aged host and asked if we wanted the front or the back. I personally like being able to choose where I sit in a restaurant. It helps me avoid being suck by a loud table/upset babies/restrooms/etc.
Our server Hannah was a sweet as could be. She didn't hover over our table and she came at always the right times to take our orders and see if we needed anything. 

Drinks: As a fellow Yelper mentioned, Spinato's serves crushed ice, akin to the wonderful Sonic ice. I'm a sucker for crushed ice and would give Spinato's five stars for this reason alone. The drinks are huge. I didn't even finish my delicious Dr Pepper. Oh yeah, they serve Dr Pepper!!!!11!!!!!!11!!one!!!!!! and some Pepsi products, I think. 

Food: We ordered a small house special -- Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach. The pizza was the perfect size for the two of us to split.
The spinach was excellent and there was a ton of delicious fresh garlic on top of the pie. After reading other reviews that complained about a "sweet sauce," I have to say that maybe the wonderful garlic counteracted the sweetness. I didn't notice the sauce being too sweet. 

Dessert: We ordered the brownie bella piccola ($3.49), which was a great size to split. The brownies were not very dense, but had a great fudge-chocolaty flavor and the vanilla bean gelato was a nice addition to the chocolate overload. 

Overall, Spinato's is a great pizza place and I will be back for more.
I have had pizza from here a few times, with mixed results, but generally positive. I usually get thin crust, which I like very much, but tonight we got a thick crust.... I wasn't a fan, but the BF really enjoyed it. I thought it was too bread -y. We also got some garlic bread with tomatoes, mozz, and basil.... This was super delicious! I could just eat this for a meal.... probably a really unhealthy meal that will leave me smelling of garlic for a few days..... but it's totally worth it.  

So this location is a cute little hidden restaurant. The people are always friendly when I have gone to pick up, but I haven't eaten in the restaurant. I also really like that I can order online.... since I hate talking to people on the phone and all. So go Spinato's!
Spinato's is by far our favorite pizza! But, this location has a limited menu & is very crowded, this is why the 4 stars, but the thin crust pizza is 5+, yum!
I went to Phoenix for baseball spring training last February with my dad. This place had some pretty high ratings on yelp so we decided to stop in. I give it three stars for one reason, we were looking for pizza and beer. Spinato's doesn't serve beer at all. Pizza and beer go hand in hand, like... well like pizza and beer. That was kind of a bummer.

The pizza was really good though. Can't complain about that.
Awesome pizza! I like the personal size with mushroom and sausage for lunch. Closed on Mondays.
Always have a great time with Spinatos. The cheese bread is always a winner! I love the ambiance of the place.My company often gets their catering service.The spinach tomato pizza is to die for!!
Some of the best garlic bread Ive had in a long time.

Their pizza was really, really good. Our waiter was super nice and helpful.

Im looking forward to going back here and trying more of their menu.
awesome pizza. it's kind of tucked away. there's time when i'm craving Spinato's pizza, not just any pizza.
I lived in Arizona for 6 years but it took leaving and coming back for a visit to discover this hidden gem.  The pizza and service were great.  It was a little spendy for a pizza but the quality of ingredients made it worth it.
You'll like this pizza if you like sweat sauce. You also have the options of going thin, thick, or gluten free. This along with Venezias, Joes, and le grande orange are my favorite in the valley.
Too bad about the super sweet sauce at Spinato's, because the rest of the pizza was great!  The crust was wonderful and the homemade Italian sausage was great.  Unfortunately, the sauce pretty much overwhelmed the other ingredients.  Almost tasted like honey barbeque sauce instead of pizza sauce.  They offer several options (thin crust, thick crust, lite cheese, etc.), so they should do themselves a big favor and offer a choice of sauce options:  traditional tangy Italian or their present sweet.  That would make this Chicago girl be singing their praises!!
We tried them when they first opened in Ahwatukee. Did carryout. Ordered one of each style crust to see which we liked best. The answer was NONE. Bland crust and overly sweet sauce just did not appeal to any of our family members.

First time we ever threw leftover pizza in the garbage, rather than bag it for the next day... (I mean, who doesn't like cold pizza for breakfast?)
Never will you find this location, so be sure to use your GPS or print detailed directions first!  Located in an industrial center, on a side street, and non-discriminating sign to boot!

What might be saved on a less than desired 'location location location', makes up for it in both the food and service.  Great and delicious!

I've been here a couple of times on recent visits to Phoenix, and cannot yet sway for getting a pizza.  OMG - what's in this tangy sweet sauce?  it's a thinish crust that allows me (and soon you) to pound away at pieces of this delicious pie!

Bring it Spinato -- you know what you are doing!
Great pizza with a nice crust, fresh toppings, and filling. The garlic cheese bread was awesome! Service was really great.
This is a really great pizza place.  They dont serve alcohol, but the food is bomb.  The staff is friendly and the environment inside is cozy.
Tucked away but close to Tempe Marketplace is this delicious Chicagan pizza place. The staff was friendly and worked well as a team.They made a split pie for me 1/2 Hawaiian and 1/2 Supreme.  I will return!
This is the best pizza in the world.  Seriously.  I feel like that's all I have to say.


But I will say more.
As far as the pizza goes, I've only tried the Mama Spinato's pizza because it's so good that I can't get myself to try anything else... probably because it's just perfect.  The flavor... the texture... oh God.  Salads, breadsticks, cheesesticks, and calzones are also amazing.  And TRY the pumpkin gelato that's seasonal--it's TO DIE for.
Also, great, quick, friendly service.  They box everything up for you, and offer you giant to-go cups for your drinks even.

My mouth is watering right now.
I've always loved spinach on my pizza, but my typical complaint at other places was the tiny amount that was used.  NOT SO AT SPINATO'S.  This spinach loving pizza fan was in HEAVEN!  

This was honestly the best pizza that I've had in a while...thin light crust, tasty tomato sauce, cooked to perfection.

We also got the anti-pasta salad, and their house Italian dressing was awesome.  

My only complaint was the lack of alcohol.  Would have loved a nice glass of wine to go with the supper yummy pizza.
Not usually a fan of thick crust but theirs is amazing especially with its sweet sauce. Great antipasto salad with house italian. Definitely a great hidden gem!
Atmosphere: very cozy, great for family or groups, but they have a small seating area.

Service: very courteous & prompt.

Food: This is now my favorite pizza place!  We started off with some bruschetta.  It was crunchy & full of flavor.  The pepperoncini rings gave it a little kick!  For pizza, we got the Mama Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Pizza.  I love the way they cut the pizza for you.  It wasn't the traditional big triangular slices.  They were cut into small squares, which made it so much easier to share, and to portion yourself.  The crust is thin, so it wasn't overwhelmingly doughy.  My sister ordered the same specialty pizza but gluten-free.  The crust wasn't as sweet, but still good for being gluten-free.  Definitely beats Picazzo's gluten-free crust in terms of taste.

I am addicted!
Customer service is pretty good.  Dining areas are pretty small.  

We got the antipasto salad - at first it was worrisome because all the salads are separated by iceburg, spinach or mix of both and priced as such.  I was hoping I wasn't paying 9 dollars for some bagged salad mix.  This was was decent - they layered ham, cheese and salami and sliced it into strips to put on top of the salad.  Salad had tomatoes, green and black olives, cucumbers, artichoke hearts as well to fill it out.  We subbed garlic bread for the italian bread and I have to agree - it is one of the best garlic bread I've ever had.  Its not all greasy, yet full of flavor.  Really enjoyed this part of the meal.

We ordered the big 6 pizza with thick crust.  It was decent, but I'm not sure I'm a fan of the sweet pizza sauce.  If you don't mind the sweetness of the pizza sauce you'll love it.  The flavoring and texture wasn't bad considering how thick the crust was (its thick throughout the whole slice), you'd expect it to be on the bland side.

Next time we'll try the thin crust and see how it is but I had a love/hate thing going with the sweetness of the pizza.
This pizza is addictive. I love the Pepperoni but the spinach one surprised me and I reordered it another day. They are fun to visit and everybody we have taken there returned in the same week. This is not similar to other pizza you may have tried. A little sweet is what some people tell me. Worth the visit and go hungry and get the salad. One salad will feed two and maybe three people.
Holy crap is this pizza good. Been there 3 times every time was great!!  Can't recommend the best pizza to get cause you can't go wrong. What makes this pizza so good is the sauce it has a sweetness to it that hooks you. Won't be disappointed
The pizza is the best I've ever had, hands down.
This place sucks.  We have been there 2 times, with an attempted 3rd time.  1st time, burnt pizza, was horrible.  2nd time, we were told that it would be a 15 minute wait, we waited 1 hour 15 minutes, then it took 1 hour and 20 minutes for them to bring us the wrong pizza.  Last time, we called and were told no wait, showed up 3 minutes later and found out there was an 1 and 1/2 hour wait.  They told us it was standard practice to tell any person that calls is there is no wait.  Won't go back.  Florencias, Nellos and Grimaldies all have better Pizza.
In a word "delicious.". Probably the best pizza I've had..ever..anywhere. The wait was a bit long but the food and service were great.
This is my favorite pizza in town so far.  Yeah, it's kinda pricy, and sure, the location is not super luxe, but dammit if the pizza isn't brilliant!

The toppings are fresh, the crust is savory, and the best part - absolutely the best part - is the sauce.  It's fresh, sweet, and tangy - it's unlike any other sauce I've ever had.

This isn't cheep (it's not going to break the bank either), so if you're drunk and need a cheesy/greasy fix, hit up Little Caesars or Hungry Howies, but if you want some truly delicious and satisfying pizza, try Spinato's - you won't be sorry!
Great food, service, and atmosphere! The spaghetti calzones are the best!
Spinato's is our favorite Pizza place in the valley. We used to be big fans of Oregano's and stumbled across Spinato's on a lunch break one day at the Smith and Rio Salado location. 
Our all time favorite and every time order is the Homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni. We love this place sooo much that we held our wedding reception at the Ahwatukee location (thanks John!) and we have turned a few guests in to long term customers. 
Today I order for delivery from the Tempe location for a work luncheon. The way they cut the pie in to small square pieces fed 12 hungry adults with 3 pizzas! The delivery was right on-time and the food was still hot. They included plates and forks for our team and I think they realized I hadn't ordered enough drinks (I got 4 20oz drinks for all 12 of us) so they threw in a few extra! 
The customer service at both the Tempe and Ahwatukee location is top notch and the pizza is the best in the valley! Thanks for being our number one pizza joint!
Love this pizza! I can't rave about Spinato's enough. My wife and I eat there about once every couple weeks. We typically eat at the Tempe location, though I work in Scottsdale and frequent that location as well. It's hard not to order the pizza, but I've also tried the meatball sandwich and the pasta which are both also very good. My wife loves the spaghetti and meatball calzone and often makes a meal of that and a salad (we also love their homemade Italian dressing). The sauce is amazing and all of the ingredients are fresh and high quality. The wait staff is very friendly, and even remember us and our tendencies (they've even busted me on eating at both locations in the same day). We introduce all of our friends and family to Spinato's whenever they're in town or looking for a place to eat, and nobody we've brought has had a single negative thing to say about it. Highly recommended!
I am serious...amazing gulton free pizza and always great service
Pizza was good, and dessert was delicious. Would visit again.
Being originally from Chicago, I can tell you that Spinatos is the best pizza that I have found in the Phoenix area!  I like thin crust and their thin crust is light and cooked to perfection.  When you ask for Italian sausage you actually get.....get this....Italian sausage!  Not that crap like in other places!  The sauce is so good and it's sweet!  .... Just like my Chicago pizza!!  The service is always good and the pizza is always the same:  AMAZING!
This place has good pizza except it is always SOGGY.  I never get a good crispy thin crust pizza from here.  It is a total bummer because the pizza itself tastes great but a soggy crust is just plain nasty.  I love the sauce and toppings.  Every time I call to place an order for delivery I specifically tell them that I want a crispy crust and inform them that the last time I had ordered the crust was soggy.  Still no difference upon delivery.  I thought maybe I was getting too many toppings so the last time I ordered I got a plain cheese pizza and still when I received the pizza the crust was soggy and I had ordered the pizza to be well done... Just to test the difference.  No change.  I don't think I will be ordering from them for a long time until I crave a Chicago style sauce again.  There is no good Chicago style pizza out here in Tempe.  I can't wait to go home.
I would have written a 5-star review about Spinato's anyway, but after an experience this weekend, I had to Yelp about it ASAP....  I drove from Mesa just to pick up pizza for my family (yes, it's that good), and when I was getting in my car to leave, I was holding the pizza and the box caught the corner of my rear-view mirror.  The entire large pizza spilled in the front seat of my car, all over the console, gear shift, seat, floor, etc.  It was a mess!  I tried to clean it up, but I really needed soap and water, so I went in to ask for some napkins.  The manager, Tim, overheard me ask and asked what happened.  When I explained, he immediately got me wet towels to clean up the mess and made me a new pizza, free of additional charge!  He obviously didn't have to do that, as it was not Spinato's fault in any way.  Plus, the place was packed (as usual), but he bumped my pizza to the front of the line.  If I wasn't convinced before that Spinato's is the BEST-- not just for food taste but for customer service-- I would be sure of it now!

Things to get:  the Sicilian pizza.  It's thick and awesome.  Order jalapenos on top.  They are a nice balance to the sweet sauce.  Also, get the starter salad and the raspberry vinaigrette dressing-- it's tart and perfect.

Something unique:  the spaghetti-filled calzone.  Yep, you heard me-- carbs baked inside of carbs!  :)

The servers are great, the management is great, the location is great (easy parking and plenty of it, including street parking), and the food is SO WONDERFUL!  Try one of their multiple locations throughout the valley-- you won't be disappointed.

Tip:  they don't take lunch reservations, but if you get there earlier than your appointed time, they have no problem pulling together multiple tables for larger groups.
Great pizza but small capacity seating.
I trully cant say anything bad just i wish this place were bigger in tempe! It does get pretty packed but so worth it. We come here for lunch very often because of the service which has been always great even though they are packed in but thats what makes it nostalgic. It reminds me of back east. I love it, major kudo's Spinato's!
Five stars for mama's signature spinach pizza... i dont even need to try anything else on the menu it's that good.  I eat it without cheese and it's so delicious!  Great sauce and the spinach gets perfectly crispy!
Not bad. Not great. Kind of your typical italian pizza joint. Had the gluten free which is not too bad and a regular pizza. I would say that it's good but I don't ever crave it. I mean I am not making any special trips to go here. If it happens to be in front of me, I will eat it but that said I think there is still much much better pizza out there. In the grand scheme of things, this is upscale domino's!
I ordered a thin crust for carry-out one evening.  The place was somewhat hidden in an industrial area close to Tempe Marketplace.  The staff was very friendly and it seemed like a laid-back, cozy place to eat a meal.

I enjoyed my pizza.  The sauce tasted very sweet so be prepared for that.
I absolutely LOVE this place. Their pizza is in my top 3 as far as the selection in Arizona, and the ONLY downside is that the Tempe location (to my knowledge) still doesn't have any of the pasta dishes that some of the other locations have. The crust is always perfect, the sauce is sweet but with just the right amount of spice to it, and the cheese and toppings are flawless. On top of having some of the best pizza in town, their customer service is top-notch. If you haven't tried Spinato's yet, put it on your to-do list!
I'm torn between a 3.5 and 4 star rating.  The pizza here is amazing, seriously. As I was eating it, I felt like I was in the scene with the corn on the cob in "What about Bob".  Spinato's has incredible pizza, the ingredients and sauce were spot on and rich in flavor.  Also this place has crushed ice, which I just love!!  

However, there were a few things that I didn't like about the place.  For one, it's tiny, meaning wait time will usually be a factor.  Once we finally were sat, it was at a really small table right in the middle of the room; I prefer a bit more of an intimate setting.  Our server was nice but not especially quick or observant; forgetting plates and silverware.  Our mixed iceberg/spinach salad was nothing to write home about; honestly it was the same quality as one of the salad bags you pick up in the grocery store.  The lettuce had a little bit of a earthy taste, almost like they didn't wash it before they served it.  This location does not serve wine or beer, which was a shame because I really would have loved a glass of red wine.  Lastly, we ended up with the cannoli for desert and I was not impressed at all; one bite was enough.  

I was really taken back with the amazing pizza, but the establishment was not my taste.  From now on I'll be taking Spinato's to go.
The Mama's Signature calzone is the best calzone-ish thing I've ever had in my life. I'll keep coming back to Spinatos as long as this is on the menu...

As for this particular location - some other reviews probably confirm that its small, doesn't serve alcohol, etc. Thats a shame! I'd make much more frequent visits here if they did! There ARE other locations though, so hopefully you have the opportunity to try it at a place thats a little larger and that serves beer. The Scottsdale location does.
I have only gotten delivery from here before but every time I am impressed. The people who take my order are great and the food is always hot when it arrives. The pizza is the best by far that I have had since living in Arizona. The calzones are also fantastic!
Our go to pizza place! Don't see how they could improve in any area. Customer service is excellent, immaculately clean and the food is PERFECTION!
AMAZING pizza.

What else do you need to know?

Staff has always been nice and helpful.  Nothing tops the food though...
Had the "combo" pizza, and it was great. Our waiter was friendly. Spinatos, by far one of the best pizza places around.
Love the pizza, especially the homemade sauce. Can't beat the Italian bread either. Fantastic restaurant, would recommend this place to anyone looking for local pizza thats leaps and bounds above any chain store.
I just went here for the first time tonight with my family and had a great time.  The food was delicious, but what really sold it for me was our outstanding service.  We were helped by Maria and she was a total sweetheart!  She knew the menu very well, gave great recommendations, and made sure we had everything we needed.

As for the food, I had a gluten-free pizza and their crust was really yummy (which can sometimes be a challenge when doing things gluten-free)!  My family had a pizza, calzone, salad, and dessert, and they were all very satisfied with their selections.  

I do wish they were able to serve alcohol, but that did not ruin the dinner whatsoever.  Plenty of parking out front and this location is right down the street from Tempe Marketplace.

Highly recommended!
This place is amazing!  I eat here all the time & the food is so good, best pizza in Arizona!  Last night I had the spaghetti filled cal-zone & it was delicious & very big.  The waitress was incredibly helpful, polite, & very attentive without over doing it.  This location is very small & somewhat hidden in an industrial area but this is only because this was the first location of this restaurant in Arizona.  If anyone has a chance to ever eat here it is highly recommended you do!
I wish I had tried this place earlier! It has quickly become my go-to place for pizza in the Valley. I really like Oregano's, but they are better known for their specialty pizzas and when I crave sausage pizza they aren't my number one choice. I've never actually eaten in-shop as I always pick it up and take it home, but they are prompt and I've never had to wait for it to finish. There is seriously something addicting in their sweet sauce, because you definitely start to crave it after a while. I wasn't quite sure the first time I had it, but I've quickly come to love the taste.

I tend to go between the Mama's Signature, the Combo, and the Sausage and Peppo, but I've never had a bad pizza. Way better than the chains! I've found it even reheats better than most.
I ordered the handmade sausage and mushroom pizza and it was delicious. They were friendly and very fast. It's worth the money.
The spinach signature pizza is heavenly.  It had the perfect mix of ingredients, from the tangy-sweet tomato sauce, the fresh spinach and tomatoes, the nicely browned cheese, with a bite from the freshly chopped garlic.  Service was excellent, and drinks were refilled promptly.  We opted to share a cannoli for dessert, which had a light, sweet filling with a crunchy outer layer.  I dig the atmosphere, and enjoyed listening to the classic rock in the restaurant.  Definitely will dine here again!
We waited for about an hour for a table.  It was well worth the wait!  The pizza and calzone were amazing.  Maria was a fantastic server!  We will definitely be back and bring others with us!
It's probably my favorite pizza in Arizona.  They use great ingredients and you can just taste the quality.  It costs more than most places, but that's because it's good and they pay more for better quality ingredients.  It's worth it.
Absolutely love this place. The pizza is consistently delicious and they're always so friendly. The only downfall is the lack of parking but it's worth hunting for a spot.
My favorite pizza place in Arizona. The service is always great, and the pizza delicious. If I could eat here everyday, I probably would.
Very good Pizza. Lots a varieties, they have you staples and some interesting ones. Priced reasonable and great service. Could use a TV or two for games, which I wanted to pay attention to when I was there. Good Gluten free pizza crust as well.
My nephew and his girlfriend go to this location frequently and brought us in there last night for our 1st time. We were a party of 7 & were seated immediately by a super friendly hostess. The manager Tim came over to tell us our server would be right with us and he would get us drinks while we waited which I thought was great! THEN...we met Maria- She was awesome! I've been waiting tables for about 20 years and seriously....that's some of the best service I've ever had. Anyways, we tried 3 pizzas. The original cheese Sicilian, the Hawaiian and the Mamma Italia with spinach and feta etc..They were all a hit. (except for I personally didn't like the original sauce, just too sweet for me). We got the antipasto salad for the table. Tons of meats and cheeses, pepperoccinis, tomatoes, olives etc...My niece was doing her math assignment online and flagged down a young man around her age, Brad, to help her with it and he didn't even flinch, he just jumped right in to help her, (although, I think they were flirting). We tried the gelato, the chocolate chip cookies, and the apple pie crostini dessert. All very good. It was such a great experience that I'm really looking forward to my next visit.
Once again the greater Phoenix area does not disappoint when it comes to pizza. 

I would have never found this place if not for Yelp. It was tucked away and off the beaten path. The pizza choices were excellent and the service was very good. After I was done someone who I assume was the manager came over and asked how things were. I told him very good and I told him how I've been to Chicago, New York, Boston, San Fransisco, etc and in my opinion the Phoenix area competes with them all for pizza, if not beats them.

I would like to give this place 4.5 or 5 stars there was only 1 draw back, no beer or wine is served. So I gave it 4.
This is by far my favorite place to get gluten free pizza. Their ingredients are so fresh and their crust doesn't make you feel as if you are eating something gluten free. I love how their salad dressings are all homemade and that they are very tentative on if you order gluten free to take out the croutons in the salad. Spinach special is one of my favorite as well as the Chicago and Nicole's!
We love this place....great service great food.  We like the location and the area is quiet and quaint.  The home made meatballs on the pizza is fabulous.  Also the Italian dressing is one is the best we have ever had.  Try this pizza it is unlike any other
Amazing gluten-free pizza!!!
Everything our party of 6 ate was very good to exceptionally good. Their signature thin crust pizza with spinach was popping with so much flavor that I almost didn't want to eat the very well done Penne Primavera Alla Vodka. Thick crust pizza also nice, not greasy. Greek salads were said to be "just right" by 3 people at the table. Menu is packed with items so we'll be back!
Awesome pizza
some of the best pizza I've eaten. IHadvery good cheese on top was great thank you very much for a great time the only bad thing is I have to fLy home t San Francisco tomorrow but I would like to thank Michelle for being a great hostess she's noT

Michelle she's from New Jersey but I had a great time thank you very much
I tried Spinato's last Friday.  I ordered a Large Thin Crust Pepperoni, a Medium Thin Signature Fresh Spinach, and Going Greek Side Salad to go. As warned by other yelp reviews, the sauce they use on the pizza is little sweet.... A little sweeter than I guess I had been expecting. Other than that I thought they were okay.
This is easily in my list of top 5 pizza places of all time! 

The combination of a thin crust, their sweet sauce, and generous amount of toppings makes it delicious. 

Recommend the Super Six for meat lovers and the Mama Spinach as a vegetarian option.
I like thin crust. I have only tried one pizza from this place. It was a thin crust Hawaiian. It was hands down the best pizza I have ever had. I have had Nello's and everybody else's pizza. I used to live in Chicago. Spinato's is the best and I am getting another today!
Iam from Chicago and this is my favorite pizza in AZ. So obviously I order the large chicago pizza w\green and red peppers, white onions, awesome sausage and peperoni. I usually order take out from the tempe location, but if you have a chance goto the newest location @ chandler blvd n 48th st. It has ample seating and nice decor. Did I mention I love a good pizza !
We dropped in after a movie at Tempe Marketplace at the insistence of Dave who had been here as a local.  They were just about closed and it was 100 degrees out but they still let us in.  Service was exceptional, waters filled every minute they were emptied.  

I asked and got a great recommendation on the $9 Calzone and it was absolutely fantastic and came quickly.  Ricotta cheese, onions, 3 types of peppers and that thin, wonderful crunchy crust.  I hadn't a Calzone this phenomenal in years.  The crust was light and tasty and they included Au Jus which was a different but nice touch

I did taste the pizza the guys ordered and I understand some of the Yelp comments about the tomato sauce being too sweet.  I still enjoyed the pizza but if you don't care for sweet spicey tomato sauce I would highly recommend the Calzone
By far for me, this is the best Pizza around. I love the sweet sauce, for some it might be to much but for me it is perfect. I would recommend sticking with the thin crust as the tradition is a little to much dough. I have had salads, spaghetti and meatballs, pretty much everything on the menu and not once was anything bad. the only complaint I have is there is not one by me.
I have been to the Spinato's in Phoenix and enjoyed it. This location I'd unique in the franchise. There is no alcohol whatsoever served here so be advised, also the pizza did not taste as it normally does the 3 times I have been here. Also like all Spinatos they are closed on Monday. They have like 9 tables, a single picture on the wall... its really depressing. You'd figure the service would be a lot more personable because the server only had one other table, it wasn't. I saw the other server morw which made it awkward when it came to the tip because I didn't know who to tip. I expected a lot more. The food was bland... if you like Spinatos, just avoid this location. It's not worth it.
Hole in the wall location.  Had "Mamma's Favorite" calzone, and it was delicious and VERY reasonably priced ($5.25 for a personal size calzone).  Great service - our waitress Maria was charming and attentive.  Recommend it!
The margherita pizza is as good or better than Four Peaks! WARNING: IF YOU LIKE THIN CRUST, DON'T ORDER 7"  !!!!   
For some reason, they can't make the crust thin on those little pizzas. All other sizes  are very thin and nicely crisp. That is the way I like mine...thin and crisp!!
This review is only for their 11"+ thin crust pizza's.
err mer gersh!!
just go!!!! never ever had a pizza like that! and the salad was phenomenal!
Dont look at the price, just order!
The pizza sauce is great ! The service is overall good! The caprese stack was delicious ! Definitly, recommend it !
A awesome pizza place in a funny place. It's location is kinda funny but don't be discouraged. The Italian Bread with marinara sauce is to die for. The pizza is superb. Make sure to save for desert. I recommend the brownie bella.
The best Pizza I ever had. Especially the spinach one.
I love it so much.
Pizza was amazing and the Cesar salad was fantastic :) ordered the caprese and cheesy garlic bread and they were both phenomenal! Our waitress Maria was so nice and friendly and earned herself a pretty good tip!! LOVE THIS PLACE :)
Pizza was good. I had the "new" favorite. However, what kind of pizza place doesn't serve alcohol or wings?! Went in wanting pizza, wings, and a beer. Left having only had the pizza.
Best pizza in Tempe. Some of the best in Arizona.
I recently moved to the area and choose Spinato's after reading reviews on Yelp.  So I expected a decent pizza.  However, I was quite disappointed.  I ordered a basic pepperoni and mushroom pie and was pretty horrified to discover it was made with CANNED mushrooms.  Ugh.  I can't believe any self-respecting pizza place uses canned mushrooms.  Also, there was very little pepperoni on the pizza and it was loaded with a ton of mozzarella and the sauce was incredibly sweet.  I will admit that I'm a bit of a pizza snob who's eaten my share of first-rate New York City pizzas.  I also  tend not to order from mainstream pizza places, preferring instead to only get pizzas from places like Parlor--or to make my own where I know the ingredients will be high-end.  But I can still appreciate a good, old-fashioned basic pepperoni pizza.  This was NOT it. In fact, it was no better than a chain-store pizza. I doubt I'll order it a second time.  Very disappointing.  I'm actually very puzzled by the overwhelming number of positive reviews??
This pizza is bomb- the closest your gonna find to a Chicago style pizza in Arizona. Quiet little joint, can be hard to find, off the beatin path. Good food and good service. Love there pizza and bread n butter treat to the table. Good spot for sum yummy pizza and a peaceful dinner outing from the norm. of a chain restaurant. You gotta try if you haven't already, your missing out!!!
Pizza and service was very good. Nice thin crust which does not leave you with that guilty feeling after eating.
It's really with mixed emotions that I award five stars...best pizza for miles, but I kinda want to keep it secret! There's no red sauce that compares to Spinato's. The Spaghetti Calzone will make you unthink what you may about calzones in general. Everything here is downright craveable.
Before I went to Spinatos, after reading all the great reviews, I thought the best Pizza I ever had was at John's on Bleecker Street in NYC. WOW! Spinato's is just as good. Crust, Sauce, Toppings, Flavor were fantastic. Service was good too. Don't pass this place up! It is great!!!
Pretty darn good place. Nice service. Their sauce was really good...nice sweet touch; not cloying just good hint of sweetness to make it unique.
What to eat, what to eat.... 

So as a traveling sales man, I see a lot of my windshield, and even more places to eat.   Of course there are your typical chain type places that I go to when I can't make a decision - but I'm sure glad i didn't go that route here.   I was dying for a pizza.  you know, that water in your mouth desire to fill a need you can't satisfy any other way... 

Yea.   So I log onto Yelp, and BAM - 1.1 miles away, a pizza joint with rave reviews!!

People! You have not tasted what good pizza can actually do to you...   

The ingredients are fresh, the dough is just right, the size is perfect and the flavor is an orgy waiting for you to join in.
Excellent Pizza for the masses !!! Lol
Their pizza ad calzones are delicious! Fresh tomato sauce and ricotta cheese! Quick service.
Very good pizza. We are from Chicago and are always on the hunt for Chicago style pizza. We had the Chicago thin crust pizza. Tasted great but would have preferred it a little crispier. But overall very good.   Maybe I'm picky... But  the lighting was a little too bright for me. We will definitely be returning here.
VERY Good thin crust pizza. Our favorite pizza place in Arizona. Closest to thin crust Chicago pizza you will find in AZ.
The mama's spinach thin crust pizza is awesome! I never seen my wife eat so much pizza! Great garlic flavor, sauce is tasty!
Not typically the kind of pizza pIace I usually visit. It's a very whole in the wall type of place. I droveright past it when trying to locate it. With the amount of yelp reviews that it had and how late it was, I HAD to check it out. I was not disappointed!

I ordered the spinach pizza (take-out). Delicious, not too oily and not too salty. I only wish that the bottom was less soggy, but I guess some people like their pizza like that?

4/5 Would come back for late night pizza
Everyone says this place is so great and I would say that's true. I took a friend of mine there and she ordered a spaghetti stuffed calzone and I ordered a personal pizza, I believe it was called Nicoles. My friend raved about how hers was the best meal she has had in a long time. The pizza had good flavor and the crust was just right.! We will be going back!
Definitely the best pizza in Tempe, possibly the best in the state.  The sauce sets it apart from other places.  Baby spinach is delicious too.  

I can see why people would be disappointed that they don't serve alcohol here; that would make the place even better, but it's just a pizza joint, not an Oregano's type place.  Order for pick up and enjoy it at home.
The beat hole in the wall place! Pretty busy...had about a 25min wait well worth it! Our waiter was goooood; not his first rodeo, had a side Greek salad every bite had flavor! We also had pizza WHOA! Yes! Party in my mouth!! And the cannoli best ever!!!
We have been to Spinatos many times. Usually we have it delivered to our house. Let me tell you, this is our favorite pizza place hands down. The delivery drivers are fantastic. This last time they delivered when i answered the door my dogs were going crazy and the delivery guy asked if he could give them a treat. I said sure and he pulled a dog treat out of his pocket. Excellent customer service and pizza that is second to one. I highly recommend spinatos!!!!
I have been coming here for years. Absolutely the best pizza I have ever eaten--anywhere in the world.
Great pizza!
Okay- this pizza is delicious. So why only 4 stars?
CANNED Mushrooms...ew. Seriously, Mushrooms are the cheapest ingredient for a pizza. Please keep it fresh! No one wants to eat rubbery mushrooms.

Other than that...it was really great. I had a thin crust veggie pizza, and (after picking off the mushrooms), it was probably the best veggie pizza I've had. The pizza sauce was delicious!
I got the same veggie pizza in a thick crust- not nearly as good.
Their thin crust has a light fluffy sweet taste, tastes like fresh dough. Their thick crust tastes like the buy them pre-made (this may not be the case, but that is what it tastes like). 
Also, their "personal" pizza size is tiny. It was more like child size. When they brought out our personal pizzas, I almost started laughing. They are just so small.

So, Moral of the Spinato Story:
Get THIN crust always, and not mushrooms. Everything else is soooooo good.
I love Spinatos. The pizza is so good. They add a special ingredient to their sauce that makes it so yummy. The spaghetti calzone is so unique and delicious. It is must try. My only complaint is that there is always a wait on a Friday night, but that just shows how good the food is. Spinatos is definitely worth the wait.
This place has the one of the best pies I have had.

I had to call to ask where they were located because they are hidden right across Fisher's Tools (ha).  Once we found them, it was golden just like the crust of their pizza. 

Started off with a salad with fresh vegetables and ordered Mama Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach Pizza.  

The pizza smothered with mozzarella cheese and "secret seasonings" spinach and tomatoes.  It makes my mouth water just trying to describe.  Each slice is pretty heavy and had about 3 slices but wanted MORE! It's the favorite we were told which makes sense. We going back!
Best Pizza in Arizona hands down. We love coming here. Get the Specialty Mamma Spinach Pizza and add sausage and jalapeo. Mmmmmm. A little more pricey but you can taste the quality. Both the thin crust and Sicilian crust are great. Less than a mile from home too! Just wish they delivered to our residence. Enjoy!
amazing pizza! I was hesitant at first after reading that their sauce was sweet, but I'm glad I gave it a try. So good it's hard to explain. 

Meats are incredibly high quality. The cheese is to die for and they put so much on ... Omg goodness! 

Plus they deliver!
Spinato's has the best pizza in the valley. The staff is extremely friendly the only down side to this restaurant is small so waits can be long. Everything I've tried has been great. My personal favorite is the get meaty pizza. All the meats are flavorful and the sauce has a slight sweet taste to it but it isn't overwhelming like a Pizza Hut.  I also recommend ordering a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta. It will change your life. You can order a small because it is still large enough to have plenty of leftovers.
This was the one Spinato's I had yet to visit and now I can finally cross it off my list! Sunday night rolled around and it was a pizza kind of night. When it comes to takeout pizza, Spinato's is at the top of our list but we were faced with the pining question: What location is closest? We decided that this location was the best choice and made our way down to this hidden pizza gem within an industrial setting. 

This Spinato's doesn't have the frills but it has the food! The delicious sweet sauce, the heavenly sausage and the fluffy bread. I gobble up every bite and I'm sad when it's over! It's best to ask for extra sauce because their sauce is their signature taste. The pizza is also perfect for left-overs so I suggest getting a larger one so you have some for the next day! We got the bruschetta to start and really enjoyed the fluffy bread and flavorful tomatoes and peppercinis. 

I love this pizza and think everyone in the Valley should try it because they will fall in love too!
Love this place. Kinda hard to find but well worth it. This one has no alcohol and herd somewhere they will soon. If you want to eat it at home, its better to call and pick it up then delivery. Delivery takes much longer.
It's my Thin Crust pizza of choice in AZ.  I've been to all the spots many times...LeGrand Orange, Pizzeria Bianco, Orreganos, BJ's, etc.  All around "experience" and all around taste...Spinato's is my #1 choice.  Super Six is good, but my two staples are Mama's "Signature" - easy garlic.  and Pepperoni & Pineapple w/ extra sauce.  Try it.  The combination of  their wonderful sauce and the sweet / spicy combo of pepp/pineapple...its a winner.
The Tempe location is a little isolated but the food and service are great.
Looked it up and had good reviews so i tried it. Very Very Good Pizza, Breadsticks are ok, but the marinara makes up for it...WOW it's good
Meet up with some fellow yelpin friends on Thursday night at Spinato's Pizza.  I didn't even know Spinato's was there and very close to Tempe Marketplace, I just thought this was an industrial area.  This Spinato's has an opened feeling to it, its rustic yet industrial, guess so it can fit in its surroundings.  I also learned this location does not sell beer or wine or whatever booze they happen to have for sale at other locations.  

I was running a little behind but I did get to sample the signature pizza, it had baby spinach, fresh roma tomatoes, diced garlic and mozzarella cheese, thick crust. This was a great pizza, simple but delish! The pizza sauce is on the sweeter side, not savory, but I personally happen to like it I also happen to be a fan of thick crust pizza as well, I'm not too crazy about thin crust, so this pizza was perfect in my book!  

Service was great and food was good! Look forward to trying it again.
This location is pretty small but it does have a certain charm to it. The place is not much to look at from the outside, and it is located in an industrial area south of Rio Salado near Tempe Marketplace. However, when we dined there with a large group the service was great and the food was everything I have come to expect from Spinatos. Be aware that this location does not serve alcohol, though. Apparently they used to have a license for BYOB but they no longer do that, either.
Nestled amongst surrounding businesses I've driven past Spinato's Pizza at least a dozen times. I joined a group of friends for dinner or I might have never discovered this quaint little restaurant. I decided as this was my first visit to go with the pizza choices of those who had been before. We shared a thick crust half  Mamma Spinato's signature fresh spinach , and  half  Get Meaty special. Their sauce is significantly sweeter than most places but the flavor is good as was the pizza. The crust however thick was a bit dry and crunchy at the ends, perhaps overdone just a bit. They do however offer thin crust as well as Gluten free which is a bonus for some. It did take a little long for our food to come out but our server was very attentive and managed our group of twelve without any issues. I ordered the Holy Cannoli, crisp on the outside and creamy on the inside it was a perfectly delicious way to end the meal.
This place, though easily accessible because of its proximity to the Tempe Marketplace, can be easy to miss because it's tucked within a commercial complex in an industrial area. Inside, the setting is simple and very informal, and lighting is at a comfortably low, relaxing level. Service is efficient and friendly, and of course the pizza is quite good. A big plus for me is that people with gluten restrictions can opt for a gluten-free crust, which means I can come here with a group and enjoy pizza like everyone else. I guess the only grouse I have about the place is that parking can be tricky during peak hours.
Not sure how I've racked up so much face time with Spinato's and haven't written a review yet, but this place has become a beloved favorite of mine for its addictive red sauce. 

This sauce isn't for everyone. If you don't like sweet, marinara-y type sauces you're probably not going to like their red sauce and that's ok. But if you DO like that type of sauce then you might find yourself craving it in the middle of the night and conning your friends into going there for dinner the next day. Not saying that I've done that. But maybe I have. 

They have a variety of pizzas, Chicago-style Italian favorites (think sandwiches, baked pastas), salads, appetizers and desserts that are all super reasonably priced making it family friendly and a great 2nd or 3rd date spot. 

One of my favorite things to order is the spaghetti calzone because it is an unholy carb beast. It's exactly what it sounds like: a calzone stuffed with spaghetti  and meatballs. Pro tip: request it with the sauce on the side, otherwise they'll slather red sauce on top (unless you're into that). I love that everything here comes in personal sizes so that if you don't feel like sharing or want to mix and match a manageable  amount of food, you can!

To curb my cheese and carb intake I'll usually get a side dinner salad which comes with tomatoes, cucumbers and your choice of dressing. It's a generous serving for a side salad and it comes with half spinach and half greens mix (iceberg and other little semi-fancy lettuces). I curb my vegetable intake by getting garlic ranch dressing. Balance is good.

All of the wait staff is pretty fantastic but if you get Maria, you're in for a treat. She's awesome-so friendly and just on top of everything!

Spinato's is on my short list of restaurants that I know I can get consistent service and food and all the comfort of home without having to do the dishes!
One of my all time favorite places to get a pizza to go. Limited but quality menu. Their sauce has sugar in it so you will be hooked in no time! Don't forte to grab a package of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies! You will thank me later!
Good luck finding the place on the first try as there is no signage showing where they are. The parking lot is not lit at night so it is extremely dark; would be nice if they had a take out parking space by the entrance. One night I came in to pick up a pizza and had a hard time pulling in as there were some guys at the lot entrance throwing a football around...they stared at me weird as I drove past them.
Pizzas and calzones are good. Thought the side Caesar salad (take out) was pricey at $4.
For takeout once in a while it's ok.
Pretty awesome pizza, I'm a fan of the Olive Oil Based pizza, but the house-made marinara based pizza is pretty fantastic as well. The marinara is slightly sweet, which is why I tend to lean towards the olive oil.
The place is right off the road and a little hard to find, but worth the wait once you're in. Spinatos tends to die down after 1pm if your headed in for weekday lunch.
My husband told me this is the best pizza he's ever had! I was really impressed with the sweet sauce especially. We ordered a medium specialty pizza and had enough slices left for lunch the next day.

Everyone was friendly, and the place is clean. Very cute and small inside.

We used the GPS to get us there quickly with no problems.
The thin crust is fine, but the sauce is too sweet. It's the kind of pizza that teenagers will like, but grownups shouldn't settle for.
Uhhhh yum! It's Spinatos!! Been coming for years! The pizza is the bomb! I pretty sure it's in the sauce! The pizza is a thicker Chicago style pizza and it's soooo good! The caesar salad is great too! The place is cute and small and the staff is friendly and attentive!  A must for Phoenix!
Went for the first time this evening. Cute place with a nice, clean cozy atmosphere. Friendly staff, but not overly helpful. The cheesy garlic bread was incredible - YUMM! My only complaint is the actual pizza. We got the thicker crust and it tasted really dry and hard. The pizza sauce is also way too sweet. It tasted more like a dessert some bites. They put so much sauce on the pizza that you can't get around tasting the sweetness (underneath and on top of the actual toppings). Too sweet for me, but maybe you're into that? Decent price ($30 for three, all got sodas, medium pizza and app to share).

Overall I wouldn't go again, but would recommend to someone who likes sweet saucy pizza.
I went to the Cubs new spring training stadium the other day and unfortunately the game was cancelled due to rain. (I know rain at spring training in Arizona, wth).  Anyways my family and I were starving so went to yelp and found that this place was less than 5 minutes from the stadium.  The only complaint I have is it's easy to miss this place but besides that the pizza was amazing.  Honestly some of the best I've ever had, no lie.  We ordered the bread with cheese for an appetizer and it was bomb.  When then ordered the family Caesar salad which was good but the pizza.    We got 2 small pizzas, the spinach mama's special and the meaty.  I kinda like spinach but it sounded good so we went with it.   I am so glad we did because I didn't think I could love spinach that much.  I honestly wish I could have another slice now as I type this.  The meaty one was good too.  Some how we saved room for dessert and we got the cannoli and the brownie with ice cream.  Both desserts were great too.   So if you're in the mood for pizza you have to check this place out.  Enjoy!!!!
Spinato's has, by far, the BEST pizza I've ever had. Their spaghetti calzone is my absolute favorite. The Tempe location in particular has a wonderful atmosphere. The staff is friendly and really makes it more of an experience. It is a little tricky to find the place unless you've been there before. But once you find it, you'll keep coming back!
Great place to eat! We have been here twice now and both times the food was exceptional!
The best pizza in Tempe! I've only ever had the Signature spinach pizza and the L'Italiana pizza, and haven't been able to branch out past these two.. They're both amazing. Their Greek salad with Italian dressing on the side is also awesome.
The pizza was ok. The sauce was pretty sweet. The wait was 30-35 minutes but it was totally fine, we just sat outside and waited. The guy who was our server seemed a bit...off but he was prompt with service. Not sure if I'll go back.
We were dropping off my daughter at ASU and was looking for a place close by. We came across Spinato's. Hidden in the business park but found it cause of all the cars. This is a very small place and were seated right next to the window with the light shining in our eyes. They were nice enough to pull the shades down. 

We ordered the Family Caesar Salad with grilled chicken. Huge bowl and we had plenty for all four of us. Salad was crisp and lots of chicken. It was really good. 

We ordered the thin crust Chicago Pizza which came with home made sausage and green and red pepper mix. Such a really good pizza. Sausage was really good and the peppers were really good. We gobbled it all up. 

The service was really good. She was really quick with our drink orders and filled them up in a timely manner. She always asked about our meal and they exchanged our plates when we finished our salad. Always looking out for us. We left and my daughter left her keys on the table and they ran outside to make sure we didn't forget her keys. Very cool. 

Good pizza, good salad, good service. Do you need anything else? I think not. So enjoy.
My wife had eaten here with several of her coworkers and had been begging to take me here.  Yesterday I ate at Spinato's Pizza for the first time.  We ordered the combo pizza with sausage, mushrooms and sweet peppers.  It's a better than average pizza at a fair price.

The positive:  Pizza has lots of toppings.  Very generous toppings.
The negative:  The pizza sauce is very sweet.  It's really a strange, sweet taste.

I give it 4 out of 5 stars.  If the pizza sauce was better, I'd give it a full 5 stars.
Ordered a small "special" pizza for carry out, and I must say it may have been the best pizza I've ever had. The tomato sauce is definitely made in house. The pizza was very filling, being a thin crust, it had more qualities of a pizza and less of cheesy bread or flat bread feel like most places i've been to have.
To top everything off, the service was amazing. Very polite, efficient, and genuine. 
Definitely recommend this place to anyone with a real taste for Italian!
My son and I where visiting from California and we love pizza. We came to Phoenix with his travel baseball team and after a game we where both craving some good pizza. Where I'm from there isn't much variety, I'm so used to Pizza Hut and me n eds that a local owned place like this was appealing to me. We ordered a medium pepperoni/ Canadian bacon pizza and garlic bread. When we got it back to the hotel and opened it up I was surprised to see that the pizza was cut tic tac toe style..lol different. The first bit a took I couldn't believe how sweet the sauce was and the pepperonis where amazing! This instantly become the best pizza I've ever had! The garlic sticks where ok.. Good but nothing special. The pizza is what really shined. I was impressed and now that I'm back home all I want is to taste some more!! 

If you find yourself driving around Phoenix looking for a good pizza place to eat in or take out. Please give this place a try! You will not be disappointed...
Came into town for business. I wanted to try this place after reading other reviews. I am glad I tried this place out and was not disappointed. I ordered a thin crust small pepperoni pizza. The crust was crunchy and delicious. The cheese and pepperoni was very good. I especially love the zesty taste of the tomato sauce. Sauce was very sweet and I really liked it. The place is hidden in a small business park so use GPS when trying to find this place. The restaurant is small but very cozy. Staff was very nice and always checked on me and other customers. I wish they would have had TVs to keep me occupied while waiting for the pizza to come out. All in all, I highly recommend this place for any visitors that come in town as well as locals. I know next time I am town, I will come back again!
Saw an ad for this place while at the Cubs vs Angels game and decided to give it a shot post game! Best decision ever! 
It's a little hole in the wall pizza place so be careful or you'll drive right by it. 
By the looks of it the wait can get pretty long depending on your party size. We got there at a pretty decent time so the wait was about 10min. 
Friends and I order side salads (Greek & a caesar) and a medium Chicago Pizza! It was amazing! We inhaled our food (we were pretty hungry since our last meal was brunch) 
Service is amazing. Mary (I think) was our server. She was super friendly and really makes sure you're enjoying yourself. 
Will definitely come back next time I visit Arizona!
Definitely coming here again!! Thanks to two of my friends for introducing this place.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place. I am glad I came. Customer service is amazing!! treats every customer like family. Kudos to Maria!! Didnt have spaghetti pasta at this particular location but the spaghetti calzone was a great alternative! And they even gave my baby the cutest shirt ever!!
What a great little find thanks to Yelp!  There were 3 of us and we had a family sized dinner salad for a little over $10 with an excellent pomegranate dressing. Then we had a large pizza - The Spicy Italian, which was awesome!  The meat was very good and the crust was excellent on the thin crust.  We will definitely be back!  Out waitress was super nice too.
Great pizza.

The sausage is excellent. What I like the most about it is that as the pizza cools at the table it still tastes superb. We used to go to Grimal**, but their pizzas gets too cold at the table and loose their appeal. I like the sweetness of the Spinato sauce.

We took our newborn their one time and they gave us a free mini T-shirt for the baby!

I always go during lunch because I've heard the crowds get out of hand on the weekend.
A little overpriced.  You can get literally twice the food for the same price at Oregano's and it's way better.  Pretty disappointed it didn't live up to the hype.  The sweet sauce was not that great either.  Tea was pretty good though.
While visiting Phoenix, we found Spinato's on Yelp and placed an order for pickup. We ordered the Signature Spinach and the Get Meaty, which were ready exactly when they said. We were blown away!!! Have tried some other places in Phoenix that people had raved about but this blew all of them out of the water. Seriously amazing!!!!
Freaking outstanding pizza!  It's a treat whenever I go. The atmosphere is very classic Italian.  My favorite pizza is the famous spinach pizza.  Even if you consider yourself a carnivore, I highly recommend trying this pizza out.
Ordered pizza and a side salad from here to be delivered to the Sleepy Dog Brewery right down the street  while I'm in town for work.

Person taking my order over the phone was friendly and energetic. Pizza took a bit longer than I would've expected to be delivered to a place a mile away, especially since it was a Tuesday night.

The food itself was very good (I had the thin crust Chicago) and I was happy to share it with another patron and staff at the brewery. Would eat there again if I were back in, although may try it out dining in or something.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!!! Pizza is sooo good. A friend of mine took me here for the first time and I have been hooked ever since. Great food and really friendly staff. The only thing I don't like is that the whole restaurant shares one bathroom.(me being a germ a phob) lol. But the pizza is soo awesome. I normally like to get the pizza with extra suace on top. Sooo delicious.
We had the spaghetti calzone and it was delicious! The antipasto salad was just ok, probably wouldn't get it again. The restaurant is pretty small but it fit our group of 11 just fine. Our waitress was great and didn't complain at all for having to split our check 10 ways!
I am new to Tempe and have been finding where I can successfully eat gluten free.

I had their  signature fresh spinach pizza on gluten free crust.  It was quite tasty.  

The crust was not seasoned and not as thin as I used to get back home, but it was good and I would order it again.   

I had this delivered so I can't speak on the ambiance, but the people on the phone were very nice and it was delivered quickly.
Great pizza! I came here for the first time a few years back when my father in law brought me. I have not had better pizza in the valley. I prefer the thin crust over anything else. The only issue I have had was with the salad, it was a little plain.
Planned a get together for 3 friends birthdays and one friend recommended this place!!  Our party got bigger than expected and none of us have been here so didn't realize it would be small according to Fred the manager when I called to RSVP. Much to my surprise it was very comfortable even for being small!  Fred was amazing to get my party of 18 in and seated quickly. Our server was extremely accommodating.  I loved the fact you could order personal portion sizes!  It was the perfect portion. My Greek salad was fantastic. The only thing not wonderful was the sauce was a tad on the sweet side for me. I like for of a tangy sauce but I will go back and try the marinara next time instead!  We will be back!!!!  Thank you Fred and staff!!!!
Authentic- Delicious Italian Food.

If you make it out to Cave Creek, this is the place to eat.  It's kinda tucked away so you have to plan to eat there to find it.

My father is an Italian Italian- you know from Italy and he really enjoys this restuarant.  As do I, but I am a bit Americanized.  The pasta is made perfectly al dente- how does he do it? I don't know.  I just eat it.
It started out great, then went downhill very quickly! We went early on a Sat. night and were the first ones there. Got great service until other people showed up. We told them we are local residents lookng for a good Italian restaurant to frequent, but got ignored. Food was ok. Had a seafood risotto and was annoyed to have to shell my own crab (very messy with red sauce all over it). Coffee machine broken.
We have been going to Alberto's for over a year and my wife and I love it. It's one of our favorite places as we enjoy good authentic Italian food. I took a work colleague there last night and we started the vewing by having a prosciutto wood fired pizza. 

Call ahead and make sure Alberto keeps the oven on for you. Not starting your dining experience without sampling one his wood fired pizzas would be sacrilege.

My wife ordered a pasta dish and I went for the Oso Bunco. It's one of the best I have ever had and done to perfection. We enjoyed a wonderful bottle of Barolo and shared a Tartuffo for desert. This is as real as it gets. 

The restaurant is owned and operated by Alberto who is from the old country. Next time in Cave Creek make sure to stop by and try it. Tell him Ed @ Anna sent you.
FYI Went there last night-1/22/2010---it was closed---I assume Alberto's is no longer.
This is a great place well worth the drive from downtown Scottsdale.  Its a little hard to find as its in a strip mall with a few small businesses, but the authentic Italian fare is worth the trouble and the money!  On most nights you will even be greeted by Alberto himself or he will drop by your table sometime during the meal.

The food is fantastic.  My family and I went here twice on our 10 day trip to Scottsdale and enjoyed everything we tried. Most of our party ordered the house chianti, and Alberto offered a different variety of chianti that was a higher quality for the same price.  That kind of service isn't something you would find at most other restaurants.

The first time we went we started with the bruschetta. The tomatoes were fresh and the white vinegar, garlic and spice marinade was delicious.  For the entree I got one of the nightly specials which was beef braciole served with my choice of pasta(rigatoni and red sauce). The beef was tender and flavorful and the homemade red sauce was so good I had to stop myself from licking the plate when I was finished. 

My other family members had the chicken parmigiana and the other specialty which was spinach and ricotta ravioli.  All of these meals were tasty, the only complaint was the ravioli was a rather small portion.  

Though I'm not a dessert eater myself the mmms and ahhs that came out of my family's mouths when they devoured the cannoli and tiramisu meant they were a winner.  

The second time we went we had the Cesar salad and wood fired pizza which were up to the same standards as the first time.  All in all this place is a winner.
Alberto was so cute!  He cheerily greeted us and showed us to the bar.  We ordered the bruschetta with wine while we waited for our to-go order to be prepared.  Alberto visited with us briefly to ensure we enjoyed our bruschetta - and we loved our appetizer!  YUM!  Fresh, fresh, fresh tomatoes and bursting with flavor!  It was fun just being a part of the experience at Alberto's!.

Try the desserts!
First off, if you don't have Italian friends to cook you real Italian food, look no further. Alberto is accepting new mouths-to-feed applications. I am lucky because my Mr. is Italian and "Wow's" me on a regular basis with his cooking.

Location: You can see it from the main road, can't remember if you can access it from each direction in the road. Parking a plenty.

Staff: Alberto himself and Susan, a mother with grown kids who just needed to get out of the house and move around. Both were exceptional. 

Cocktail: when I ordered my martini "filthy" it's exactly how it came, made by Alberto himself. 

Wine: We asked Alberto for a recommendation, he produced a bottle of vintage 2000 Italian red wine, sorry, can't remember the name. He was so proud of it and happy to share. He had just purchased the wine and it wasn't even on the list yet. It went perfectly with every bite!

Appetizer: We just ordered a caprese (sp?) salad which was fabulous. They make their own dressings!

Entree: I ordered shrimp pasta with white wine sauce. One bite into it my eyes rolled into the back of my head. It was the. most. incredible. pasta. ever. The pasta noodles are indescribably delicious. They tasted really pasta-y and were perfectly al dente. The shrimp tasted so fresh and the wine sauce was the perfect compliment.

I will definitely be back as soon as humanly possible and you should too.
This was a great restaurant.  Thanks Yelpers for the suggestion.  Not a fancy place, but the food is awesome.
Went there twice.  Not impressed the first time so thought we'd give it a second try.  Service is slow and ordinary.  Food is not bad but not great.  Out of the 6 different entres the Fettucine Ragu was the best.  Everything else is just ok.  The decor is nice but they do not dim the lights for dinner.  I was hoping for a nice quiet evening by candlelight and instead I got artificial lighting in a too bright room.  Not a bad place but not a great place.
My family and I are in town visiting, and we happened to find Albertos. It was the best dinner any of us had in a long time. Authentic Italian, friendly service, keen attention to detail.
After so many great reviews, who could NOT try this place, right?

Meh.  That's about my review of Albertos.

The food was really average, while being high priced for the portion size and taste.  Yes - the pasta was cooked perfectly, but the rest of the meal was (again) meh.

We had the antipasto, and while good, was nothing spectacular.

The bread was great ,and so was the pesto olive oil for dipping.  Good thing I'm a carb addict...

The marinara sauce is more the orange-y kind, rather than really red, robust sauce like you find back East.  I had the braciole, and while most everywhere else in the world this translates to a stuffed beef roll, this was not stuffed.  Think tough, rolled, thin beef.  It was like carpeting.

Cannoli is not made with ricotta (what??), tasted more like mascarpone.  And there was no shortage of rum in the tiramisu.  None at all. 

Overall, it was OK, but I don't see myself going back.
The food was amazing! Service was great!  The chicken Marsala was everything that I was looking for. Eating there felt like eating at your Italian grandma's house. We will be going back often.
Alberto is one of the most gracious restaurant owners I've had the luck to meet. You can truly taste the love in his cuisine, that is made from scratch daily. The setting is casual, but don't let that fool you. Everything from the appetizers, salads, pasta dishes, pizza and desserts are first rate.

Alberto likes to share stories with customers and is very entertaining

Don't be fooled by the casual setting, this is Italian food at its best and is as good as it gets.
What apeals to me about Alberto's is it's non-prententious ambiance.  The checker board tablecloths and mis-matched italian plates really gives the feeling of a true Country Italian eatery.  The decorations are reflective of the food; uncomplicated and simple. 

if you want good food, and love discovering hidden gems, this is for you.
If you are looking for fancy, this isn't for you.
My wife and I have been going to Alberto's for years.  We always have a wonderful time here, have tried almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never had a disappointing meal.   The food is very authentic, homemade Italian food.  Alberto is from Rome and knows what he is doing in the kitchen and he is always so pleasant to talk to.  He is also excellent with wine and I don't even look at the wine list anymore, I just ask him to surprise me and he always brings an excellent bottle for a fair price.  

Some people say the service is a little slow, but even so, that too is authentico Italiano.  And why hurry when you are having such good food and vino?  Relax, la dolce far niente.
Alberto's = Best Italian food I've had in ages (besides my Dad's, love you!). One of the great things about Italian food is the love and quality ingredients that the cook puts into the meals. This cuisine was not created by those fancy smanshy chefs that primarily focus on presentation, nope, homeslice, it's all grandma and the passing down of recipes!  
You will get Quality and Authentic Italian food here at Alberto's and he makes sure you are enjoying what you are eating by frequenting your table at some point during each course. I love the casualness and homey feel of Alberto's. The mismatched Italian plates really make you feel like you are in someone's kitchen with the bonus of having very friendly and efficient staff waiting on you. 
Based on Yelper's suggestion, we started with the Bruschetta and Caesar salad. The Bruschetta was good, the homemade sourdough bread was awesome, but I would have added a few more ingredients like I do at home to the tomato mixture, but hey, I'm Italian and therefore overly critical of this cuisine, but I would still order it again! The Caesar salad was so amazingly scrumptious that I pulled out my phone and wrote a quick tip without realizing it! I know, right? So rude, but I had to share that moment with my fellow Yelpers and thank God my date found it amusing.  I loved all the parmesan on it! Finally someone that will used adequate amounts of this cheese, everywhere else skimps on it!
For my main entree I ordered the eggplant parmigian. Again, thank you Alberto for using delicious cheese and only offering eggplant when its in season because that dish, my friend, was so fresh and tasty!
I love, LOVE cannolis and almost gave my date a dead-arm when I punched him to point out that they were on the menu. Needless to say he knew what I wanted to order for dessert... Anyhoo, this was my only buzzkill of the restaurant. My ideal cannolis are plain and simple, ricotta and semisweet chocolate bits, done. Alberto's, well not so simple. He uses mascarpone, with an orange flavor, a few citrus pieces and cherries. The shell of the cannoli (not the filling!) was flavored with cinnamon which was a nice touch, but the citrus pieces and orange flavoring  was an "awe, man" bummer moment. But, I am now over it and still in love with Alberto and his restaurant...you need to check it out if you are in Cave Creek and want REAL Italian food!
It's nice when Plan B turns out better than Plan A would have been had it not failed so miserably.  Thanks to Yelp, we did not leave Cave Creek hungry (then again, we never leave anywhere hungry), but we did leave happy.

I love the homey feeling this little gem offers.  Alberto himself greets his guests, takes orders, and serves us as if we are family.  Well, maybe not my family, but someone else's much warmer and friendlier family.

We quickly devoured the fresh bread and dipping oil, moving on to delicious Caesar salads.  How I love a well-dressed salad.  After seeing one too many episodes of Hell's Kitchen, my husband opted for risotto.  No need to settle on what's offered on the menu, as they will prepare it any way you'd like.  Alberto suggested a seafood risotto with a spicy tomato sauce.  This was perfection with ample shrimp, lobster, scallops and mussels.  The tomato sauce was spicy, but not overpowering.  

Alberto does offer one hand-made pasta, fettucini.  I opted for a simple dish of this pasta with fresh tomato and garlic.  The fettucini was perfect, but I found the dish a tad salty and the thickly sliced garlic was not cooked enough IMHO.  I enjoyed the meal, but the risotto was really the star of this show.

For dessert, we shared a tart with fig jam.  Alberto's jams are hand-made as well.  Needless to say it was a mistake to share this dessert.  I wanted my own and will have it next time.  And there will be a next time.
Absolutely fabulous food and staff.  We will go again!
It is tough being a judge of Italian food when you have had homemade italian all your life.  After reading all the reviews, I was really excited to try this place since it is fairly close to my neighborhood.  Well, I was a little disappointed.  We had the margherita Pizza as an appetizer.  The crust was good, the sauce was tasty, but it had so much cheese the the center part of the crust was soggy.  Too much cheese does not make a great pizza.  The amount of cheese was excessive.  I had the Lasagna, uhm what can I say.  I know that he probably made it the night before or even that morning, but it should have been heated completely.  Have way through it I got a cold piece of riccotta, not good.  My husband had the gnocchi with pesto sauce.  My uncle Aldo is from Genoa, where Pesto is originally from.  The sauce was too rich with an excessive amount of cheese and cream.  I had two bites, didn't want more.  The dessert we ordered was the apple torte.  Not one of the best I've had.  It was almost like a cold apple pie with raisins and dry fruit.  Too bad.
Alberto's is definitely a hidden gem in Cave Creek.  Their pizza was one of the best I have ever eaten.  Their pasta and meat balls were also to die for.

Alberto is from Rome and he knows Italian cuisine.  If you're looking for glamour and glitz, this is not the place.  If you want to have some amazing Italian cuisine at a restaurant that feels more like grandma's place in the country, then this is the place to go.
We were immediately greeted by Alberto when we walked in. The decor was casual and a bit quirky. My sister and I shared the seafood pizza and my fiance had the chicken parmesan.  I must say that my sister and I are both picky eaters and we both loved the pizza! Full of flavor and yet not so heavy. My fiance said the chicken parmesan was pounded thin and tasted really good. We ended with the tiramisu, which was full of rum! I wasn't a huge fan of the strong alcohol flavor, but that's just me. I would definitely go back
I'd almost give the place 5 stars even if the food was crap just b/c Alberto is so darn cute! My youngest (4) was insistent that she needed macaroni. Well, there wasn't a kid's menu. So, I told her we'd get pizza. When Alberto came to the table, she decided to ask him, "Do you have any macaroni?" He answered, "For you, yes!" She gave me the smuggest look ever.
It seems like we had some of everything. The ravioli was super rich. But, really good. The margherita pizza was wonderful! We've gotten it "to go" a few times since b/c it's a lot better than Barro's. The only thing I didn't love was the cannoli. 
In terms of atmosphere, it's more refined than the cowboy restaurants in Cave Creek. But, still casual and comfortable enough that we could bring the kids.
Okay, picture yourself in a 1950s Italian restaurant. Terra cotta everywhere. Wooden chairs. Red checked linens. And even an authentic off-the-boat Italian owner, Alberto, who feels like a distant uncle who instantly greets you into his family.

Stepping into Alberto's Italian Restaurant feels like a step back in time. No gimmicks. No pre-fab menus. Just serious genuine Italian. Warm homemade bread. Pasta that Alberto made earlier that morning. Sauce that could make your legs turn to water it is so good. 

There was a HUGE family party being held there the night we visited. Turns out it was someone's birthday and she said she couldn't have it anywhere else except Alberto's. Now that's saying something. There also was a small group - one of them was Italian (accent and all) and said that he was so happy to finally have true Italian food again. When we visited Italy several years ago, we thought, when are we going to have this wonderful food experience again? Thank you Alberto. You transported us back to the cobblestone streets of your youth.
First time... Well see how it is.
this was a very nice restaurant. the owner himself comes out and talks to you. wasnt very busy the night we went. they try hard to get you what you want even if it isnt on the menu. i cant remember exaclty what i ordered but it was very good. my husband got a pizza it was very good as well. maybe we'll go back if we are ever in the area again.
This is a gem of a local, neighborhood spot. Alberto greets the diners and is a joy and gentlemen, passionate about showing his guests a good evening. Ditto to most of the other good reviews on Yelp - they catch the flavor of this place well. Forget the other Italian choice across the street in Carefree. You'll be much more pleased with Alberto's.
There pizza is amazing and homemade Ordered take out and it was made in about 20 to 25 mins. Have never ate in the restaurant but when I went and picked up our food, they were so nice and friendly. The owner is a nice italian man.
The folks are very friendly and the service excellent but that's about it... We were so disappointed with the food.
The bread is very crispy on the edges and didnt taste good. We ordered caprese for appetizer and couple of pizzas. The caprese had very less cheese on it, for 16 dollars, it was very disappointing.  The margherita pizza was dripping with olive oil, the crest was too crispy and there was so much cheese on the pizza. Very disappointed as we went after reading so many nice reviews. The price for the quality of food seemed exorbitant.  We definitely do not plan to go back.
We are from out of town and were staying at the Carefree Resort and Conference Center, so we wanted to find something local.  We found this restaurant and were pleasantly surprised by the experience.  Alberto greeted us and was so very sweet!  Although I didn't really enjoy my entree as much as I hoped (the sauce was delicious, though!), I loved how they have a "Christmas all year round" theme.  A Christmas Tree made of Italian wine bottles and Christmas music no matter what time of the year!  If you're ever in Carefree, AZ, go to Alberto Italian...you will not be disappointed!
This restaurant is amazing. The food was so fresh and the ambiance is lovely. We are going to be coming here all the time now. This is the best Italian restaurant in the Valley.
Alberto is one of the best I have ever experience!  The food, the service and special attention are all part of this experience.  The authentic Italian ingredients make for a delicious and outstanding menu.  Alberto is a master of greetings and authenticity.  The food presentation is wonderful and the wine is fantastic.  Melissa is a super server and makes you feel right at home.  If you are looking for a great authentic Italian meal and a great experience, this is the place to visit.
Purely authentic Italian restaurant.  Exceptional food!  Exceptional service!  Alberto watches every detail.  I have lived in Carefree for 14 years.  This is regrettably my first trip to this restaurant.  It won't be my last.
Upon entering the restaurant and for the remainder of our visit, one thing became crystal clear; Alberto, (Owner) will do everything and anything humanly possible to insure your experience is a good one. The service was flawless.

The food?
Well his bread is off the charts with its thick crust and chewy crumb. For that matter, so is his herb infused olive oil. The entrees on the other hand were just average or slightly above. 

An antipasti will cost you twelve dollars, but I don't recommend ordering one since it's ridiculously small and not enough to share with two average sized adults.
The house wine,  a chianti, was delicious and priced-right at six dollars a glass.

Both of us felt the entrees were overpriced, however, the service more than made up for it.

Alberto will be our 'go to' Italian restaurant, but only for special occasions due to it being so pricey.
Perfect little family restaurant.  Not much to look at from the outside, hidden away in a little strip mall. But it's super cozy and authentic inside.  Alberto is usually there to greet us.  I didn't even like Italian food when my husband first brought me here. But I'm totally hooked on Alberto!  If you're in the area, seek this place out.
I've been going to Alberto's for years and have enjoyed every evening. Alberto is a great host, the service is a comfortable pace and the food delicious!
Went with friends at 6pm. We were first customers. By the time we left at 8, the restaurant was pretty full.

Alberto is a fantastic host. I don't even need a menu....he steers me the right way from wine selection to salad and all. 

Bruschetta is to die for....so good. Must get it! He also brings over small sides like seasoned beans and bread with Berber olive oil. 

Tonight he had a jamon from Italy, so he rolled the leg to our table and sliced prosciutto table side. It was incredible. 

Some had Caesar salad, some had house salad. I can't tell what was better....Caesar is the best I've ever had. 

The specials each night are fantastic, so we all four went that way. He makes his own pasta and sauces fresh, so you can order off-menu. "Watcha you want?" And he makes it. Crazy good. 

My friend and I had the ravioli....she wanted a vodka sauce. He made it (ok, he even made a special ravioli that wasn't listed as a special....so he customized our entire entree). Hubs both had a sausage and broccoli dish with spaghetti in olive oil. Sounds weird, and it looked weird. But wow.....it tasted like heaven.
We arrived for dinner at 6 and were the second table seated. About 45 minutes later several parties of locals started arriving--always a sign of a good restaurant!  All of the food was great. We had the vegetable lasagne, seafood pasta, and Italian Sausage. Nicely seasoned and reasonable portion sizes (not too huge).  Ambiance was nice with Christmas music playing and Alberto joining in on some of the songs. :) very enjoyable meal.
My husband and I go to Alberto's often as we are locals.  It's great to have a neighborhood place where you are greeted by name.  Alberto, the owner, is a real gem and runs this charming and cozy place. 

Ask Alberto for a wine recommendation, he'll give you a great bottle in the price range that you ask for. 

The warm homemade bread with homemade dips and great olive oil are a great way to start the meal. The bruschetta is fabulous, and a must-have starter.  I also love the Artichoke salad, it's very unusual and tasty, with plenty of shaved parmesan. 

My favorite entre is the Fettucine Alberto- a cheesy tomato sauce over fresh homemade fettucini.  The pastas are good sized portions and you will not leave hungry. 

Sadly, I'm not sure we've left enough room for dessert on our last few visits.  Enjoyable meal, cozy setting, and great food.
A hidden gem in my own backyard!

How in the world did I miss this place? I've been living on the border of Carefree & Scottsdale off Stagecoach (and I have the speeding tickets to prove it...LOL) since 2006 yet I never noticed Alberto's.  Today I was given the tip by friends from N.J. who appreciate good Italian food, and know as an Italian, how much I do too!

Immediately my boyfriend and I drove over at 6:30pm on a Friday night. Since I am "directionally challenged" it did take a bit of backtracking on Tom Darlington Road (off Cave Creek Road) to actually find this place.  But it was SO WORTH IT!!!

We walked in and were greeted by Alberto the owner, who as we come to find out, knows another Italian Chef friend of ours, Fabio. It's a small world in Italy.

Ordered a glass of chianti and a wild mushroom pizza and artichoke salad. My partner ordered the chicken lasagna. VERDICT: delicious pizza with a nicely charred crust and the artichoke salad was the BEST I ever had.  The lasagna was very flavorful but not the typical layered look we've all come to know.

NOTE TO CHEF FABIO: please drop off some of your homemade biscotti to Alberto. He's not a pastry chef and the perfect ending to this meal would have been homemade chocolate chip biscotti with almonds and pistachios. Instead we were served Nonni's brand in cellophane packages, which is not a way to end a meal. 

BOTTOM LINE: Love the atmosphere, love the food. Can't wait to try Alberto's veal scallopini!
From now on if I want Italian food, this is the only place I will go. AMAZING food and perfect service!
One of favorite places to eat in carefree/cave creek!  Caesar salad is a must try.  Always the most fresh ingredients used! Love this place Thank you Alberto for providing Such  fresh delicious food
Service: excellent
Food: bruschetta was very good, but not really needed because they bring more than enough bread with dipping oil and a bean mixture. Caesar salad was ok... Eggplant Parm was the best I've ever had. My husband had spaghetti with Italian sausage. He liked it, but wasn't wowed. Keep in mind he is excited about McDonalds. The house red was a perfect compliment to the dinner. 
Atmosphere: reminds me of a corner Italian place in NYC. Like the movie Moonstruck. 
Price: what we expect for N. Scottsdale or Cave Creek. 
Reservations: may be a good idea on a weekend during the winter/spring months.
Amazing!  Everything was delicious, we had the wonderful bread with the "Italian beans", and both the Mushroom and Caesar salads.  For the main courses the lasagna, rigatoni matriciana and linguine vongole were all great.  Great experience, we will be back.
This is hands down the worst italian food in the state. My husband and I have to agree with Robins review. Our experience was horrible. Both our dishes were inedible. They tasted like frozen entrees. The meat was not fresh, the pasta was over cooked by ten minutes. It was pure mush! It was so embarrassing for this owner Alberto, we literally just felt sorry for him. They tried to tell us how good the food was. We don't argue with people. We left our food unfinished, paid our bill and ran the hell out. Will never ever recommend this dump. It's nothing but a cash grab. We don't get the other reviews. It's weird. I wish I didn't have to give even one star. HONESTLY,  I JUST DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU LOSE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY GOING TO THIS AWEFUL RESTAURANT.
We got take out from this location and were happy that they included all the extras (spicy sauce, vinegar sauce, soy sauce, chop sticks, etc.).  My Chow Fun was very zippy but my husband's lettuce wraps were less spicy than normal.  They have another location on the Strip (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z2zdSzJ38bWXSH_YL8vljw) and one on Rampart (http://www.yelp.com/biz/T3ASfec34b8-uYr3xZj8Lw).

In general, P.F. Chang's often has a long wait, but I find it worth it for some of the best vegetarian fried dumplings in the world.  The spring rolls are not so great, so skip them, but sampling most anything else should prove tasty.  They offer a good selection of vegetarian dishes, filling salads, and several other entrees that would get dubbed "California Chinese".  They'll make you a dipping sauce at your table, as spicy as you want it, and the decor is fun.  Also, I love any place that has sake on the menu.
Good lord, the Chinese food here is totally dumbed down American style because it tastes nothing like Chinese! I swear their Kon Pao Chicken pass off as dog. The only thing I dug was the atmosphere for it's supposed to be tip top classy.
I've never understood the huge mass appeal of this place.  After this location opened (the first in town), there was such a buzz going on that I was thrilled when one of my directors took the cast out to eat here.  I excitedly made my little lettuce wrap and took a big bite and...

buh?

That's IT?  That's what people have been raving about?  It's not that it's BAD food, it's that it doesn't live up to the hype.  The subsequent times I've been here I've felt the same way.  I've had unappetizing spring rolls, too greasy reef with broccoli, and soggy crispy honey shrimp.  I've always left longing for a more authentic Chinese experience and a higher quality one as well.
Ok... so this is real chinese food, but I'm not in china and I like the americanized version.  Had a large group and PF has big tables.  Was really good food, good prices feed 12 for less than 250.  

Nice crowd... although there was a guy at the table next to us with a "Pimp" cup... a big crazy jewel encrusted grail???? Couldn'd understand why? but hey...
p f chang's always has decent food and is consistent in all of their restaurants so the deal breaker is the service i suppose.  the waiter dude here had no idea what was goin on.  he forgot drinks, messed up orders, and didn't make the custom sauce every p f chang's waiter must make.  at least the chicken lettuce wraps were good.
PF Chang's is that huge chain of formula corporate restaurants HQ in Phoenix, AZ that Americans seem to love. (They are found in nearly everystate now, there are 32 in California alone!) 

I guess if you offer "exotic" Asian like food in a nicely appointed dinner setting, charge more for it, and give it more Americanized names, tastes, and people serving it, America goes for it! 

It really is a sampling of Faux regional type Chinese like dishes. Sichuan General Chu's (or Cho's) chicken, Cantonese Moo Goo Gai Pan or used to be lemon chicken popularized into Orange Chicken by Panda Express into sweet and sour, slightly spicy Orange chicken: Mandarin Moo Shoo pork; and good old Cantonese fried rice. 

To their credit, they keep things consistent, and they keep things at a decent level if not authentic. Service attempts to be good, but it is usually too crowded for anyone to notice. 

After our group ordered, the waitress showed the condiment tray and asked how spicey we wanted our sauce (there were 3 small bottles of chili sauce, soy sauce and vinegar, and 3 small dip-dishes of yellow mustard, chili paste and  soy sauce. Huh? Was she going to mix it for us? I asked can't each of us make our own sauces (like you would in any Chinese restaurant?). 

Anyway, if you want some asian flavors but want to pay more and not get authentic food, and need to wait for your table and be served by young, inexperienced, caucasian, smiling CPK/Chili's/TGIF/Outback  type servers, go to PF Changs. If you really like it, and you don't think they have over-saturated their potential growth as a chain, you might purchase some of there stock, too!
This was the first PF Chang's I had ever been to way back in 96/97/98 I can't recall but this was the original in Vegas before the one on the blvd opened.  

Eating at P.F. Chang's is like taking an introductory class in Chinese food.  For those that don't know authentic Chinese or asian food, this place is a great start for new palates.  It doesn't try to be authentic so you shouldn't go in assuming to have true home cooked meals here.  

The focus for them is clean "up-scale" atmosphere and consistent dishes across all their restaurants so that people from the mid-west  (or where ever people live that have never tried Asian cuisine) can feel comfortable and get a great meal.   Then when a restaurant pops up in Cheyenne WY or Troy, Mich., you have instant success (just an example)... I've been to other PF's and this one still surpasses others in flavor, but for those of you that know authentic food, this still doesn't stack up.  

I give it three for those that are looking to dabble in new things Chinese and get a familiarity to some of the tastes and styles, then once their "feet are wet" start getting adventurous... in no time you'll be asking for sea cucumber and birds nest soup (well maybe not that adventurous ;)
Food was amazing. And they have valet. I love going there.
Gloppy.
my family went to try it once.  we ordered their fried rice, was ok, but their beef broccoli was so salty.  good service made it well.
PF Changs=chain restaurant, but the food was great so no complaints. Our waiter did a good job attending to the five of us. Food was delish and served in a timely matter. Found a new favorite: pan fried noodles with beef mmmm. Going to have to pick this one up to go next time I'm in need of some comfort food ;) All in all it was a great dining experience. One of the pluses of dining with a group is having the opportunity to try a lot more dishes. My only complaint is that the restaurant is a little dark, but perhaps its for the ambiance?
Went here for lunch with 2 colleagues. Meh! 

The Mongolian Beef was way over cooked, about as brittle and bad as that Panda Express "Beijing Beef" crap. My friend's order of shrimp with snow peas was typical and nothing special, something I could have got for half price at a Chinatown dive.  My other friend ordered fried rice, which I didn't try because I prefer white rice. Didn't look like anything special, just filler for the mid-section. PFC does offer brown rice as well. 
My friend is Asian (Korean) which surprised me, because most Chinese don't eat fried rice at all, or if they do, they are just making something out of leftover rice and other dishes at home. I thought only non-Asians ordered fried rice in the restaurant? Well, I take it back, at Panda's I order half noodles, half fried rice, because it ir right there in front! 

Once again, if you like poorly represented Chinese food in a well decorated environment with a lot of other non-Chinese, and want to pay more for it, this is the place America loves! 

It still cracks me up when the waitress asks us if we need help "mixing" the sauces for us! As if they were exotic and strange somehow! 

Uh, the three "Exotic" sauces are: Chinese mustard, Red Chili paste, and Soy Sauce! The same stuff you get in disposable condiment packets at Panda Express. And she saw us using our chopsticks already! (Do they ask people if they need help with chopsticks, too?)

I think they should only ask the mixing sauces question if 
A) the people aren't Asian and 
B) they are using forks and 
C) they seem clueless about things in little glass jars that they normally get in little plastic packets!
Three stars, but only because I can't give them two and a half.

My boss loves this place, and since he was paying, I wasn't going to argue.  The decor is nice, and is a big change from the kitschy overdone look of lots of "Chinese" restaurants.  

Let's break down the whole experience, in order.

Valet parking is offered (free), but the lot isn't all that big, so I don't see the point.  I'm not so lazy that I can't walk the 50 yards from my car to the door.

The hostess had a look on her face that seemed to say we were interrupting her day.  She was not even remotely cordial.  I didn't catch her name.  The table was clean.

Our waitress was the highlight of the whole experience.  She was friendly, "got" my boss's weird sense of humor, and never approached the table with questions while we were chewing, though she did interrupt a conversation twice to joke with us.

We ordered egg rolls to start.  When they came out, there was oil from the fryer literally pooled on the plate under them.  When we bit into them, they were still cold on the inside.  Ugh!  Cold, greasy eggrolls!  The waitress apologized, told the manager, and we were sent out another order.  These were still really greasy, but at least they were warmer inside, though still not really hot.  The manager didn't show up at the table, which in my opinion a manager should ALWAYS show up if there's a problem with the food.

The boss ordered Mongolian Beef, and I got Sichuan Scallops.  He said his entree was what he expected, but nothing to rave about.  My scallops were very tender, and just the right level of spicy.  The servings of rice with the entrees were inadequate.

The waitress was really on top of soda refills, and was very quick with the check.  She got a nice tip (25%) but we suggested they put their cooks through a retraining course.  

Typical of what I expect from large chain "Chinese"restaurants.
Went here two times over the last few days, not many vegetarian options on the Strip.

Both times my wife and I ordered some dishes spicy. Both times the dishes came out very bland.

First night the waitress had no social skills. Right after we sat down she was impatient and she wanted us to choose our orders right after we sat down, who does that? Business wasn't booming.

Second night the waitress was much better. Even though the food came out bland again, she at least asked how the food was and offered to get it fixed. She was also very attentive to our needs and was always refilling our water glasses.

I have been to the PF Chang's in San Diego several times and have loved the food each time. Either there is a disconnect and a communication breakdown between the waitresses and the cooks, or the cooks are not preparing the food properly, or the waitresses aren't putting in the orders correctly.

Anyways, I am rambling: the summation is: the food was not tasty.

Chinese food is supposed to be bursting with flavor, even if it's not necessarily a great flavor...it's not supposed to be bland. It's not supposed to be expensive either...but I could deal with that if the food was good.

This was probably the worst PF Changs I have been to in any regard.

But I spare the criticism of our waitress the second time, Janelle. She was solid, attentive and competent. Also, she had social skills and I think she was cute as a button.
Part of the famous Restaurant Row in Las Vegas @PFChangs provides a pleasant dining experience.

A nice outdoor patio, long bar and of course the dining room. Lots of TVs to catch the games and the service is TOPS!

The food is good, they serve large entree portions small starter portions and the SOUP is ginormous!!

We ordered some egg rolls and crab wontons for starters!!

Fantastic!! Crispy and creamy wontons and the sauce was great too.Plum I think.

They bring you al the sauces and pastes. 

We then ordered entrees-Sweet n Sour Chicken, Combo Fried Rice(Shrimp,Pork and Beef) plus the asian marinated new york strip steak with mushrooms and asparagus.

The food was great, the steak maybe a little overcooked-I like it more on the RARE side. The rice,vegetables,chicken and everything was great.

My only knock on this place....when the bill came for 32 adults 1 kid it was $70!!!! For chinese food I think thats alittle much for me.

I'll definitely be ordering some of the fried rice to go in the future though!!
Sit out side on the patio if the weather is nice. The food is always excellent and the staff is friendly. Get the Changs chicken and Mongolian beef with asparagus.
Wow I'm amazed this place is getting such bad reviews. I have only had one bad experience here, but that was because it was busy and I was STARVING. But luckily, this time that was not the case.

Came here for the happy hour menu at 5 PM. Got seated very quickly and perused the menu for a moment. Our waitress was very nice and was good at explaining what exactly was in the dishes so I could make sure what I was ordering was vegetarian (some vegetarian items on the menu do not have the symbol next to them, I think because of egg ingredients). I ended up ordering the vegetarian lettuce wraps for $5, veggie spring rolls for $3, and crispy green beans for $4, and also a red velvet cake sweet shot for $2. Everything came out very quickly and it was delicious. I had never had the green bean fries before and they were insanely good. Green beans fried lightly in a light, crunchy batter with a mayo-based sauce that totally kicks the shit out of your tastebuds, because at first it's nice and tasty and then BAM! SPICY! But these things are crazy addictive and the price was very nice. 

What is even nicer is that I am a Warrior card member, which gives me 10% off everything, including Happy Hour prices (only until June 31st, however). A great deal for a great meal of appetizers. Our drinks were filled consistently, and the server even boxed up my food for me at the table, and brought out extra fry sauce for me to take home. This was an exceptionally nice visit and I am always glad to come here, even though my fortune cookie (wisely) told me to be frugal. Guess Happy Hour fit that bill!
We stopped in for a late lunch yesterday and we had an excellent experience. Our server was charming and never let us want for anything. We started with our drinks and Lettuce Wraps and they were fresh and tasty. Our meals of Peppered Steak and Almond Cashew Chicken was gorgeously presented and the taste was quite yummy. The cute desserts were  yummy so all in all it was a great time.
This trendy restaurant is located in the section known as "Restaurant Row." This was the first location and now there are a handful of these restaurants all over the valley. I've been here many times. Sometimes the execs at my job get me lunch here- I get the Lunch Bowl- Moo Goo Gai Pan (stir fried chicken and vegetables- one of the better- for- you dishes to eat here), with the egg drop soup, and a bowl of rice- for under $10. Note: this is a 2 serving portion- learned this when I was looking at the nutritional information section posted on the website. I tend to read the fine print- I'm just saying.
 
The lettuce wraps are their signature appetizer- excellent! I don't believe that I've ever had a bad meal here ever. I'm curious to try their Happy Hour sometime in the near future. If and when I do, I will post an update. 

This location is very pretty with very nice ambiance. I think that there is also outdoor seating. It used to be so crowded but I think the fact that there are more locations around the city, alleviates that, a bit. Service is excellent.
Our meal at this location was excellent. 

Steamed dumplings, lettuce wraps, veggies and spicy chicken. All excellent!
Vegetarian Lettuce Wraps was delicious! 

I was impressed with the gluten free menu offered.  I had the vegetarian Buddha's feast. I was expecting yummy sauce over the stir fried vegetables, instead it was just a plain plate full of steamed vegetables, broccoli, snow peas, asparagus and carrots. I had to put my own soy sauce and other sauce to make it tasty. It wasn't bad, but the menu was misleading which I didn't like. It should have been noted that the gluten free dish was going to be steamed vegetables.  

Kind of disappointing...
As always, good food. Good service. Barmaid was excellent.
Off the hook!
I've eaten here a few times. It can get busy and if you don't have reservations the wait can be long, even at odd hours. The food is typical Asian inspired dishes, sort of the TGI Friday's of Chinese. Eating with a large group the service was slow.
More like a 3.5. All the food was good  and we got a variety of seafood, chicken and veggie dishes and I was here with a party of six. They kept refilling my iced tea I swear I drank 5! Our server rushed us though, it seemed like he was uninterested even though we were the only party in that area of the restaurant for quite a while. Because 4 if us were having birthdays we each got to choose a free mini dessert, which was tasty.

Overall it was OK.
Straight to the point: Great place and staff (my buddy said drinks are good too), but food sucks big time. I tried PF Chang twice and let just say the chinese food here is just chinese food in name only. Most of the items came out were way salty and just plain not good. I realized that alot of people like PF Chang food and I respect that, but if you like authentic chinese food, this is not the place.
Always great food and service, you just can't rule this place out ever. Great drink and warm/cozy ambience, I'm a fan!
Good happy hour 3 to 6 everyday. Cute staff and patrons. Lotsa girls. Worth checking out.
Better than most PF's I have eaten at in CA. Decent service and the food is good.
I almost forgot how delicious , 
This Chinese food really is!!! Kung pao chicken plate was huge!!!
place was slammed , but service was good ~ worth it!!!
Ok, so I admit it, I LOVE Asian food...and I have to say, I've tried quite a few different places...so I honestly expected sooo much more from this place because people always say its "amazing" and the "best Chinese food ever"...Boy was I in for a surprise. 
So my Bf and I arrived a lil later on in the night, and the place looked nice...busy, and cozy, but when I saw the prices on the menu ( Which I was warned would be a lil outrageous) I was expecting that the food would be sprinkled in edible gold!! :)
Luckily they had a menu perfect for a couple..a "prefix menu" with many different options for under $40. Ok, not too shabby...The waiter was good..my bf drinks like a beast, and his cup was always filled, and my mouth was anticipating our tasty meal...
and then it showed up. 
Honestly, I don't see the hype. I have had BETTER Chinese takeout!!!!!!!! The Lo mein was not very flavorful, the mongolian beef was extra crispy it had turned chewy and stiff,and it was super salty!!! yuck!!! The only dish that attempted to save the meal was the honey shrimp..the shrimp was juicy and fresh! Dessert was our choice of cake shoved in a shot glass, and even that didn't turn my frown upside down "(
Would I come here again??.... Probably not..unless I wasn't paying for it. And even with that, I would be willing to try new dishes, but I don't feel there is anything worth my $15.95 a dish.
Go to their happy hour!!!  3-6 daily!  Everything on the menu is tasty.  The drink specials are really good too.  We've gone to the Planet Hollywood and the Flamingo/Paradise location for the happy hour.  Love it both times!  

If you like spicy...you have to try the Red Dragon Dumplings.  And lettuce chicken wraps are always a must!

Without a doubt, I'll be back!
This place is soooo good! I will say its pretty expensive but yummy yum! If you go you MUST have the crispy green beans! This is my favorite thing on the menu! I cane at the entire plate by myself and i want more after. I crave them all the time! I also love the kung pao scallops! wow are thoseee good!
I did have this very sweet chicken which i did not like at all.
But everything else i've ever had was really good.
While wandering the strip, my soon to be wife and I dropped in on PF Chang's while shopping and sightseeing. 

We weren't disappointed in the offerings.  The soup to start was mild, the spicy offerings were not as hot as expected.  

I should try the lettuce wraps next time, but I was hungry for heavier fare and had the Chang's spicy chicken.

Vinegar seems to the be the main ingredient here, and was disappointing unless you consider the odors I left wandering around the strip.

Avoid the spicy chicken.  Not very good.

The spring rolls were very standard fare, and I would much prefer the Vietnamese spring rolls served up at our local dim sum restaurant.

This seems to be a very "Americanized" version of chinese food, and despite having nice condiments ( sesame oil was a nice touch ) it doesn't make up for the sterile flavoring and overcompensation of vinegar put in the dishes.
I do agree that this place is above the standards of most Chinese restaurants.  The taste is better and the quality is way above average.  The only problem with everything PF Chang's has to offer would be the price.  Yes, we pay for everything: the food, ambiance, and service. My friends were out there for a late night dinner. We happened to sit next to two groups of people celebrating birthdays.  The first table started to sing Happy Birthday.  10 minutes later, they left.  Five minutes after we finished eating, the other group started to sing Happy Birthday.  It was a trip. 

I wanted something simple, since I was at the restaurant Nobu earlier with friends at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Had the ginger chicken with broccoli for the entree with brown rice.  My other 2 friends had the exact same thing, which was the honey walnut shrimp with white rice.  One friend opted for 2 bowls of ice cream and a cup of expresso.  I didn't have anything else.  

I have my reservations of this place, since this place is expensive.  Granted that this place is kind of better than stereotypical Chinese restaurants, it is pricey. You get what you pay for.
It's been a long while since I've visited the Chang.  Went here a few days ago with work colleagues for lunch and ordered the beef and broccoli lunch bowl.  This entree comes with either a hot and sour soup (my choice) or egg drop soup.  I found the soup to be 'meh' -- not great but not bad.  The beef was very salty and I found myself drinking a lot more water the rest of the day to combat the thirsty feeling I had all afternoon.  This place is exactly how I remembered it: a decent choice for a meal that is in the mid-price range.  You won't get standout food, but you probably won't die of any diseases either!  Our server was friendly and came around often to refill glasses/drinks.  

None of my colleagues were 'wowed' by their lunches either, but most of the food was consumed, so I'm guessing no one was super picky either.
Expensive and overcooked... Place was empty and cooking time was quite long. With all the choices in Vegas this was the wrong one
Chicken noodle soup brought me back to life after a loooong night of partying. Only downer is it is way far off the Strip & no easy cab access. You have to go across the street to Terrible's casino and they call a cab for you, which takes 10-15 mins to get there
Stopped in for Happy Hour with some friends..one of which was having a birthday.
Our waiter was awesome. He was on it from the start. I had a few glasses of Moscato for $5 and the chicken lettuce wraps for $6.
I also ordered some kind of tuna thingy on a crisp chip..I cant remember what it was called but it was really good. It had a seared ahi tuna on it. The table split it and everyone liked it.
I didnt try anyone else food but they all were really happy with it and said it tasted great.
They did bring out a free mini dessert for my friend in honor of her birthday. Which was really nice...
Our server boxed up my leftovers all nice and we were on our way.
I love PFChangs!
Excellent, upscale Chinese chow.  Your check total will include built-in price inflation that pays for the valet, mood lighting, and that big-ass horse statue out front. Regardless, that is what "fine-dining" is about, right? We are paying for an experience, not just a meal. 

That being said, service was attentive, friendly, prompt and accommodating on all fronts.  Woo hoooo!  Great first impression there. 

What we gulped and noshed ...

COCKTAILS:
Coconut Lemon Sour - One of their signature cocktails. Light and delicious!
Chang's Mai Tai - Tall, balanced, tropical and gooooood.

STARTERS:
Lettuce Wraps - Their signature item ... Light and flavorful!
Dynamite Shrimp -  Light and crispy coating in a delicate yet spicy sauce! YUMMM
Egg Drop Soup - Flavorful and comfortiing!
Hot & Sour Soup - Dark and rich!
TIP: Ask for a side of the fried wonton sticks to add to your soup.

ENTREES:
Mongolian Beef - Excellent carmelization on the beef adds to deliciousity! 
Sweet & Sour Pork - Very Good, although I prefer a more intensely flavored sauce.
Scallops - Spicy and tender with a slightly crisp char. Fabulous!

Will definitely return to try more!
Cleanliness:  Dining area was good 5 stars. Can't comment on the bathrooms. 

Food:  Sweet n sour chicken for me, 4 stars, lacking just a but of flavor.  Double pan fried noodles for my wife, 2 stars, drenched in sauce (there was a $&!& load of it per my wife).  Hot and sour soup, amazing per my wife, 5 stars. Fried wantons good, 4 stars. 

Service:  Excellent. She was prompt, checked on us, but not overly so. She was personable, asked my wife if her meal was gross when she saw how much sauce was on it and would have taken it back if my wife asked her.  5 stars

Ambiance:  Kind of noisy with a lot of people always up and walking around, whether employees or customers.  It's good if you're with a big group in for a party which there were a few, not so much if you're in for a nice quiet night with your girl.  3-5 stars depending on what your there for.
I like this location on Paradise since it fits for most people I work with and it's on the way to the airport, so my four stars is inclusive of convenience.  As far as the food goes it's consistent with any PF Chang's chain and while not authentic or unique I do like that they accommodate lunch portions within a section on their menu.  Aside from my usual favorite of the lettuce wraps during my last visit I tried the ribs which was a nice way to mix it up.  My usual entree is the lo mein noodles that never disappoint.
Terrible experience.  We ordered online (on their website) for a pick up order an hour and a half in advance.  Got confirmation and all.  When I arrived, no one had any record of the order, nor any way to figure out what happened.  After three staffers, finally they brought over a manager, whose solution was 'well, we can make your order now, shouldn't be more than 25-30 minutes' - uhhhh.  The solution is to ask me to wait another half hour at the service bar (standing)????  No way will I go back.
Always good food!
I was in Las Vegas last weekend and ate at P.F. Changs, on Paradise Rd., and here's my review.  First of all I really like this restaurant because of the ambiance and food.  I ate at the bar this time and got the best service I could have imagined.  Bret was the bartender and took GREAT care of me.  Always asked if I needed anything.  Made sure that the food was cooked to my liking and didn't make me wait.  Bret is very professional and courteous.  He should be working at an upscale restaurant.  He's that good.  Ask for him when you visit if you eat at the bar.
Good food and the ambience was very nice.
Waitstaff a little slow.
If this is the one in the Planet Hollywood I really loved this - they have a gluten free menu that rocks and people that really treat you right.  Yea, it's a chain but the food is consistently good here and for those who don't want a lot of crap in their food, it's nice the PFCs actually thought through a gluten free menu option. Kudos PFCs.

Try the lemon infused brussel sprouts and the pea pods sautee'd in garlic (not sauce).

3 stars because it's a chain...
We go here everytime we're in Vegas with our kids...sometimes when they're not with us.  PF Changs does a great job with Gluten free and my daughter loves their food.  This is one of those places where she doesn't feel like she's missing out on anything.  GF Mongolian Beef, GF fried rice, and GF chocolate dome dessert and she is in absolute heaven.  And nobody else at the table can tell the difference, so it ends up being a great night/afternoon out.

The food is great whether you need Gluten Free or not, but if you do need gluten free food, this is a must go place.  They pay very close attention to cross contamination and go out of their way to make sure your eating experience is safe...and delicious.
Happy hour M-F.  3-6.
Wonderful service. My husband and I wanted to go back to the same restaurant we had our first date while celebrating our anniversary in Vegas and we went to the PF Chang's on the strip  the wait was ridiculous, we pulled up the next closest one and it was just 3 mins away from where we were so we came here. The service was wonderful and our waiter was awesome. There was no wait, same great food and more romantic verse all the commotion at the other location. We enjoyed our last night in Vegas with a really relaxed dinner. I'd come back here again next time I'm in Vegas again instead of the crowded one on the strip. My husband loved it so did I.
Nothing remarkable.  The food is good, as with any PF Changs, but the value is questionable.  Service is slow probably because of volume and location.  This is not a destination for locals, but if you are visiting from Ohio and staying near by you may enjoy this restaurant.  If you have a rental car there are other, better options nearby.
I don't usually come here but it was good. Service was quick and we got seated immediately. The waiter was mike and he was great, he gave us a lot of time to choose what we wanted and didn't make us feel like we were in a rush and I appreciate that.

I got the broccoli and beef, this dish had quality in it. The beef tasted like beef and not just some rubbery mixed in substituted meat, it was authentic food. The broccoli wasn't soft or soggy and had the perfect crisp to it. Not too salty at all with the right amount of sweetness. I like how they made the brown rice, it wasn't sticky at all and it was just good. Definitely will try their Mozheto (Mojito) next time.. I think i'm starting to love that drink.

The lighting was perfect, not to bright or dark. The food was worth it's weight in gold. Way better than your typical fast food chain. There was a lot I wanted to try so i'll definitely be back for more, whether it be in Las Vegas, L.A. or San Diego. It was great eating here.
Killer as always
Great place. Food and service was great. Hand a very nice time with mt dear friend and sisters.
This is my first review of this P.F. Chang's.  I'm happy to report that they tend to be consistent.  Heading out to California, we just made the dining room with less than half an hour to spare before closing time, and were the last diners sitting.  So, we closed the place, which I learned can have some nice advantages--like all the cups of Hot & Sour Soup you want, and larger food portions than normal.  It's a choice inside the kitchen between discarding extra food or giving it to remaining diners.

So, Diane and I very much enjoyed sipping fragrant Ginger Peach Tea in dainty white teacups as we worked our way through our Four-Course Prix-Fixe meals.  The Hot & Sour Soup with strips of pork was hot and great.  I was willing to pay extra for more, but didn't have to.  

Salt & Pepper Calamari Strips resting on a bed of hard white Rice Noodles were good but a bit hard themselves.  The spicy Bean Sauce that accompanied this appetizer was tasty, and, surprisingly, so were the Rice Noodles.

Then, while Diane savored her Crispy Honey Shrimp, which was sweet and succulent (when I report on the taste of a dish, I have always sampled it myself, rather than just adopting a fellow diner's words--even a wife's), I delighted in the really meaty and chewy Pepper Steak that was served with more fluffy Steamed White Rice than we could handle.  But the viscous, flavorful sauce got really spicy at the end of the meal.  It's a wonder we got to our home in southern California without a rest stop!

We finished with two mini-desserts.  My Triple Chocolate Mousse Mini Dessert  featured three different types of delicious chocolate mousse poured and set in distinct vertical layers, and was simply great.  It was fun to dig to a new level, and soon afterward be greeted by a fresh chocolatey taste sensation.  Our spacious booth was comfortable, and our server, Michael, was very accommodating and proactive through the entire duration of our late dinner.  Filled water glass replacements showed up ahead of need.  Even the music had a nice beat to it.  And the tab for food for two was under $40--a great deal!  So, we walked out happy. 

4-1/2 stars overall!
After waiting 5 minutes for a hostess to appear, we we escorted to the spot where it all went down. 

I reminisced over meals years ago when plates of hot and tasty food were served in sister restaurants around the states... then:

Calamari: was lukewarm and tasted like fish sticks. Enough said. 

Rice: was dry and al dente... at an asian restaurant.

Orange peel shrimp: was the best dish, owing to its sugary sauce and only being slightly overcooked. The the orange rind tasted the opposite of fresh... I literally imagined oranges in a pile of two-day old trash being scooped up by the cook. It wasn't nearly as good as the same dish a couple years ago at another Changs.

Mongolian beef: tasted like shards of a tire. The green onions were offensive, inedible and awkward.

Ginger ale: watered down.

Desserts: in my haste to depart, I ordered the one dish I could remember: mini-desserts, aka, sweet baby food for adults. One or two layers of this crap actually tasted edible, if only in small concurrent quantities.

This spot reflects on Americans' taste in food the way the WCW... u get the idea. Quality of all chain restaurants seems to experience the same sad decline that has befallen applebees, the olive garden, et al.--which threw quality under the bus for profit margins. 

The next time I crave a cheap and decent chain-y meal, I'll drive my bourgeoisie romp to the Cheesecake Factory or Ri Ra.
Attention anyone with Celiac Disease!!! Caught them red handed swapping plates on a gluten free order. Very disappointed in how manager Vanessa handled the situation. Be cautious when eating at this PF Changs!!!!  Even though she comp'd the meal, no amount of money is worth getting sick when you are served food that may have been cross contaminated.
As always a great place to dine in for asian fusion cusine.  But I enjoy getting takeout from here.  Call ahead and its just as good as if you are eating in.  the take out containers keept things warm and the rice let out a cloud of steam when i got home.  That shows the steamy freshness with which it was packaged up!  highly recommended if u've got the craving!
I'm very disappointed about our visit.  The food was VERY VERY slow. I told a woman in the black trousers that we were in a big hurry and also ordered 1 hour in advance. Regardless, the kitchen was slow and the manager was lackadaisical and didn't seem to care about the fact we were in a large hurry.  I'm EXTREMELY UNHAPPY and we will never come back to this location. 

Also...worse yet, the food was incorrect!!!!  For example, cucumber dish....not spicy at all. Totally different than other restaurants ...waste of money.  Bottom line. Very poor experience. Poor service from the management and incorrect food.

One highlight. The guy who gave us our food was working very hard!
My favorite PF Changs. Always really good food and friendly service. Love the lettuce wraps and Hot and Sour Soup.
I'm a fan of Chicken Lettuce Wraps.. Their delicious and anyone who thinks any different is a charlatan, yeah .. I said it..! 
That being said, they have some of the best in the city, not too greasy like other spots and not too salty.. They also manage to hide water chestnuts in there which I hate but they found a way to make them tasty... Technically I could give them 5 stars. For what I typically like to eat from "chinese" restaurants they fill me up and have some tasty dishes but the 3 star ratings comes from their inability to substitute fried rice! 
Yeah.. Big annoyance for me, it literally makes me angry to think about my inability to eat fried rice with my dinner without having to order a $ 10 meal size portion of fried rice. I'm unsure if this is location specific b/c I have had fried rice subbed at the Summerlin location but I guess on the strip they live by strip rules.. I had to deal with it.. but I wasnt happy ! and clearly from this post... I'm still not happy about it..!
The calamari here is my favorite!  I love PF Chang's but just has a so-so experience here.  We came early for dinner, were seated right away.  Got the calamari, always awesome.  And ordered the salt and pepper prawns and mahi mah.  My friend's prawns came, I assumed mine was coming soon.  10 minutes later I asked about my meal and the waiter had forgot.  He apologized and rushed to get the order in.  My friend shared his meal.  And we shared mine as well, after it came.  The food was great.  This has been the only time I've had bad service at PF Chang's, but it was the first time at this restaurant.
Any trip to PF Chang's should be under protest. The hot and sour soup was just a bowl of saltwater, the seared tuna salad was as unimpressive as it was unoriginal. I was kind of hoping that I'd finally have an experience there that didn't suck; nope.
Fantastic dinner for the family.  Great Gluten Free section of menu, and they knew how to handle the food correctly to prevent cross contamination. 

Just do it!
From the apps to the desserts, I have not had a bad meal. Yes, you can find one in most major areas, but its good food. Why not hit the places you know are dishing out consistent meals?
I haven't eaten at PF Changs in a year or so. I tend to not do too many chains. I've had really good meals there and a few mediocre. This one was good. My 4 stars are for my experience that evening and happy hour.

We went for their happy hour and definitely ordered way too much food! We were starving. We started with a cup of soup each, not on the happy hour menu but It was only 3.95 for a cup. I had the won ton and he had the hot and sour. We really enjoyed them. I like the fact that the soup came out piping hot. I hate, I mean I really hate when I get a lukewarm soup!!

 Off the happy hour menu we ordered Lettuce wraps of course, always refreshing. My husband really liked their steamed dumplings, we ordered pork and shrimp. Shrimp was my favorite. I really loved the dynamite shrimp, I think it was my favorite!  They were too spicy for my Andrew, I found them perfectly delicious! We also got egg rolls which were good, not great. The spare ribs I really liked and my 6 year old thought they were yummy (we ended bringing her food home, like I said way too much food) but my husband doesn't like star anise much and you can really taste it in the ribs. FYI, we had the wet ones not the five spice rubbed. Lastly, we got crab won tons. I like the filling, slightly sweet, cream cheesy and a hint of crab. The dipping sauce that came with them is pretty good, too.

To drink I got the Chinese 88 Martini but opted Bombay Sapphire instead of Plymouth. They let you do that free of charge. I really liked it. I asked my bartender not to make it too sweet. She was great and attentive and so was the bar back. So we were happy with service.  My husband had the Asian Pear Mojito and he really liked it as well.  He then had a Grey Goose on the rocks, not on happy hour but for roughly 11.00 it was a really hefty pour and we appreciate that!

All and all we enjoyed our meal. Such a great happy hour!
As usual, the food was exceptional.  I go absolutely ga-ga over the Mongolian Beef.  I could live on it.  The bowl of WonTon soup to be shared was also 5-Star.  This particular restaurant has the food part down pat.

Service?  Not so much.

Our wait staff were all very nice and seemed to be on the ball on the surface.  Underneath?  Well, to start our three glasses of wine ordered before even placing dinner orders came AFTER dinner was served.  The excuse was "blame it on the bar".  Easy to do when the bar is not close and you can't pin the blame on one particular person.

Second, it wasn't even busy.  We arrived at 5pm on a Sunday night with reservations for a 6 people.  With nobody else in the lobby and very few people in the dining room, it still took 20 minutes to get a seat.  Totally unacceptable.

It's more of a hassle, but if you want good PF Changs and SERVICE, go to the one nearby at Planet Hollywood.  You have to tip for valet service since they don't have nearby parking, but it's worth it to dine in a place that is better managed.
We arrived at 5:00 and told the seater we had a party of 6 people. The guy disappeared after telling us he'd get a table set up for us (the restarurant was empty).We never saw that guy again... Aftter watching 4 other parties be seated by another hostess, my hubby intervened as the hostess was seating yet another party and then we finally got our table. Rob the server in training was awesome-He totally saved the experience. The food was good-PF Chang quality-all in all a very good experience. Not the best, but not the worst.
Really liked the atmosphere, energy and great service.

First time I've ever been to P.F. Chang's! And gotta say the experience was great. Our server was exceptional. They started off by giving us a refreshing dragon oolong tea. Not the biggest fan of oolong but it was a unique blend of sweetness and a mild leafy taste. Try it, it surely impressed me. The atmosphere feels classy with the dim lighting, rounded seating and marble-like flooring. The food was satisfying but not without its flaws. Many of the dishes were salty, especially the soup. After a few spoonfuls I couldn't even finish it. The kung pao chicken was so salty it's hard to eat after a few pieces. The honey shrimp was obviously not salty and sweet rather, as it should be :) Thankfully the shrimp made up for the meal but I had to mentally make a note for less salt next time. Other than that, this place is definitely worth a visit!
My Wife and I enjoy PF Chang's and Pei Wei and we went into this restaurant and had a late lunch, not busy.  The hostess was on the phone at the front door  and when she finished her call, wiped her nose with her hand and proceed to take us to a table and placed the menu's down.  Mind you this was in the middle of the flu season and she did not use a tissue or wash her hands.  She then proceeded to pick up the extra place settings and stack them on a shelf close to our table.  Within a few minutes a waiter came by and I asked to see the manager, which he obliged.  I told the manger what happen and it appeared he could care less as he did not take the plates off the shelf and into the kitchen.  Shortly thereafter another waited came by and picked up the plates and took them to another table.  I wonder how many germs were on the plates?   Who got the flu from this untrained hostess?   Very poor management at a great chain.  I will think twice before I go back to this location.  Great food, but untrained in personal hygiene.  Watch out!!!
I always have a good meal here.  Lunch today with a coworker was perfect.  

We enjoy the Lunch Specials on the back of the menu- today I went with Spicy Chang, white rice, and egg drop soup for me.  The egg drop soup was very good today!  All the items are cooked to order, delivered hot, and full of flavor.  

This location is a skip around the corner from UNLV where we work.  It's a nice little lunch spot and is never too crowded.  The service is always good, our drinks get refilled more than enough, and we are in and out in less than an hour.  

 I don't really care that it's a chain restaurant.  If they consistently deliver good food and good service, it's a great place for me!
Waited in line to see how long a wait would be for three people. A gentlemen waiting in the opposite line psychically grabbed me and pulled me back and said that he was in front of me. I told him that there was clearly two lines and that my party was larger than his party of two so either way I'd still be waiting much much longer than him. The hostess told me to head to the end of the line and wait once again even though I had all ready waited in the double line for 10-15 minutes.

Absolutely terrible customer services and something I wouldn't expect from PF Changs...a place I often visit at my home town which I won't visit anymore.

I'll never be back!
Came in early for the happy hour, nothing special except the sweet, well spoken waitress.  Even when the food is average, the waitstaff can make a difference.

If you sit at the bar, request Shannon.  She knows the menu very well and will take good care of you.  

I tried the Ahi appitizer and it was delicious.
Cocktails are excellent. Don't understand the Dynamite Shrimp - 1970s shrimp cocktail sauce over deep fried shrimp in a lettuce cup - no hint of dynamite nor of seafood flavour. That said, excellent were: Sichuan Wontons, Crab Salad. Good were Dan Dan  Noodles.  Decor is Chinese kitsch meets cocktail bar. Service was very good.
I know this place does Americanized Chinese, but I thought the flavors were pretty bland relative to what they should have been, and it was way overpriced for how it tasted.
I'm normally a fan of PF Changs but this experience was not good at all!  I wanted to take my mother since she had never been.  I always bring home food for her to try.  This was not what I hoped her first PF Changs experience would be! 

The beef with broccoli was over cooked, and when we asked about it we were told that's how it's ALWAYS made.  The Mongolian Beef was overlooked as well.  I had a cup of wonton soup...lets face it you can't really mess that up!

Overall the service was less than stellar,the waitress was a bit rude. When the manager came over to speak with us we were asked had we ever been to PF Changs? I asked why he wanted to know he said because we were asking about the food and explained to me how PF Changs is not a "typical" Chinese restaurant.  I explained to him I was a regular at my local location and have NEVER had beef cooked to the point it was basically beef jersey, nor had I ever been treated like that in a restaurant.  

I will continue to frequent the PF Changs in the PH hotel/casino, but will NOT go back to this location!
One of our favorite Chinese restaurants.  Love those lettuce wraps.  We were surprised this location was easier to get into that the Summerlin one.
Service is terrible! Came in tonight, was seated right away. Took waitress 15 min to get our drinks; watched her flirt with bartender the whole time. Ordered an appetizer that took almost 20 min to come. So disappointed! Usually the food is amazing but we received over cooked chow mein noodles , soggy honey crispy chicken, and continued POOR SERVICE! I will never come to this location again! Try the Planet Hollywood location!!
Rice tasted like plastic. Service sucked. It was my first and last time going there. If I didn't have a $20 gift card I don't think I would went in the first place. Not a good experience at all. :(
Usual P.F.Chang experience. Good food- great vibe and today we had an awesome waiter Ryan. When I'm back in Vegas I'll stop through for good dependable food and great service.
Took my mom to dinner to this location. I ordered the beef salad with noodles and when i received my order my salad had no noodles even though it was part of the on-tray name.  Our waitress was great with us but i have to admit I've been to other locations in Vegas and this one does not impress me like the one in summerlin. don't really think I,m going back.
We got there around 9 pm the place was packed so we went to the bar to have a drink waiting for our 30 minute wait time. Immediately after seat in our bar stool the bartender was there to ask for our drinks and if we wanted a menu. The best choice we have made since we have been in Vegas this week , the service was attentive and quick with a strong desire to make us happy with anything we needed. Wow I will start thinking of eat at bars now
I've dined at numerous p f changs and this was the best experience I've had.  I can not say enough about how AMAZING our server was!  Her name was Robin and she was super attentive, knowledgeable, and overall she is the reason our experience was superb..  She made great recommendations and really knew the menu.  She smiled and was super friendly, I will be dining at this restaurant every time I'm in Vegas!
Jovani was a great fast server! Great personality, the food came fast! Tasted great! I recommend. Good size servings to. I had the pho inspired dish with shrimp and steak , delish! Mongolian beef , Yum! Yum yum yum!
Will definitely come again. I mentioned my meal was too salty, which hasn't happened before, and my fantastic server, Tabatha, notified the manager Rob (without me even requesting), and he comped the dish (also without me asking). We've all accidentally over-salted dinner, so that isn't an issue for me. Their outstanding customer service has my gratitude.
Have to give them all stars on this.   Food was perfect except one item.   Tabitha our waitress took it on her own to express to the manager Robert of our small displeasure with the one dish. ..and Robert very politely apologized for the issue and without any prompting took care of that particular charge and we both left with the feeling (being business owners ourselves) of confidence and desire to return.   Very professional.
Great appetizer menu....so tasty looking that we chose a wide variety and called it dinner.  Both rib selections and the egg drop soup were especially good along with spring rolls and crab wonton that were good too.

On prior visits I've enjoyed and can recommend the Mongolian beef and the various preparations of steamed sea bass.
This was my first time at this location; I usually go to the one in Summerlin. I brought a friend who had never tried PF Changs before, and she really liked it.

Their lettuce wraps are amazing, a definite must! The Broccoli & Beef and Sesame Chicken were fantastic as well. The staff was very friendly and helpful, explained and suggested a few things on the menu. 
I would definitely recommend this location for a good quality meal.
First time at this location. Service was exceptional. Our waiter went out if his way to make the experience worth the trip. Food, yummy as always. However, must note that since learning of my gluten allergy, PF Changs has become a comforting and Appetizing place to go. They provide an entire gluten free menu and cook in a separate kitchen. They take food allergies serious.  For those with this concern, put PF  Changs on your must eat at list.
I've had pan-Asian before and not liked it. I've been to
PF's before and had the wrap that everyone raves about - not my taste at all. So, a couple of friends and I went the other night. I decided that if I couldn't find a healthy (IMHO) vegan offering, I'd have water only. To me, healthy is NO sodium and NO fat added. Basically impossible to order that from any menu at any restaurant. PF had nutritional info listed on-line. One, and only one, dish fit my bill. But, it's one more than most restaurants. Buddha's Delight. Brown rice and steamed vegeys. Nothing else added. Exactly what I needed and was looking for. Healthiest (for me) meal yet. My buds enjoyed their meals and I enjoyed mine. Staff was courteous and friendly and efficient. If it pleases my friends as well as my taste buds AND it has a vegan AND healthy offering, how can I give it anything but 5 stars?
PF Chang's is very consistent, wherever you may find one. This Vegas outlet is good. We had hot and sour soup (maybe a shade bland), spare ribs (a little too much sauce), honey walnut shrimp, broccoli beef and crispy orange peel chicken. Our waiter brought the wrong dishes at first and ended up boxing them up and giving 'em to us free of charge, so we had leftovers.
Walked in before noon time today by myself, the place was empty.  The hostess asked if I would like to sit at the bar or full service, I said full.  She put me right behind of the order machine (which I wasn't aware of at that time) where every waiter or waitress took their orders would go behind me to enter those orders.  Worst place to sit in the house!
My server was okay, he wasn't very helpful when I asked a few questions.  First I asked about what type of hot tea is good for sore throat (from cold), no specific answer was given, fine!  So I ordered a tropical green tea, not bad.
Then I started with a cup of wonton soup, but I tried to change my order for a bowl instead of cup after 10 seconds of my order, he said too late, the order has been entered (the machine just right behind of me, ding2x).  I felt like it was quite rude to say that..., sure there's a way to revise.  My vibe was going down south from that point.
After glancing at the menu, I decided shrimp candied walnut based on one of the yelp review.  Then he asked if I want a lunch portion that came with soup or salad, or dinner (he only gave me a dinner menu).  Well..., if I knew it did come with soup, I may not order the wonton soup in the first place, since I'm not a salad person.  I ended up with a dinner portion.  I wasn't impressed with the meal, it was a cold creamy dish.  The white rice was dried, tasted like overnight rice.  Had a few bites, decided to take it home.  Since the place was getting busy, all the entire of orders just came straight behind me!!  Very annoying!!!  The manager came by and asked if everything was okay, I didn't want to make a scene out of it, so I was politely said okay.  All of these happened, I still gave 18-20% tip, but I won't be back again..., thanks to the hostess, service & disappointed food.
Gift certificates often take me places I don't normally go. This is the case for my most recent visit to PF Chang's. I have been on a number of occasions when I worked near one years ago and they had pretty reasonably priced lunches. 

I remember that I always enjoyed the garlic noodles so I knew this was a must on our most recent visit. We also got some spicy chicken, eggplant, garlic spinach and fried rice. The food was ok and my memory hadn't failed me. The garlic noodles were again my favorite dish. The chicken and eggplant were entirely too sweet for my taste. The fried rice was ok and so was the spinach, but I was hoping for more garlic flavor. I wish I only ordered the garlic noodles and if I ever come again (which isn't likely) I would stick with them again. 

Service was ok. Our server was attentive at first but when a large party came in refills became a little more infrequent. He apologized and tried to be as attentive as possible, which we appreciated. 

Overall, it's a chain, so they are all pretty standard and this one doesn't stand out in any way either negatively or positively.
Excellent service! Been to this Vegas spot a few times now since it's right by the convention center and we always have great food and a great time.

They must be used to catering to conference folk because they always have suggestions for drinks and or meals as needed. They take extra caution when we ask for Glutten-free food. Their manager brings it out to you.

BTW, their Glutten-free menu is outstanding! You would never know the difference!
The food was great BUT I took my mom there for her belated birthday on 4/11/14. My brother passed away during her birthday in March so this was a special occasion for us. I let the hostess know it was her birthday so she can get a special dessert with a candle. She mentioned she would let my server know. No special dessert ever came. I saw the server had brought a birthday dessert for the table across the way. I asked him if he was notified of the occasion and he said no and he didn't bring it out anyway. I was unhappy with the service.
With a significant conference in town, it should be no surprise that there would be a wait. In addition, I don't think (but am not sure) that reservations are possible for two people during the "red hour". So, the method of stalking the bar for chairs is the best bet - and it works. Besides that, the bar help is very attentive and eager to get you in and out. So, that worked for us.

The PF Chang's food is great. Interesting options prepared well at the right price. Szechuan-style asparagus is a hidden gem - bu there are others!
Horrible from start to finish. I haven't been back to this location in over a year and things have surely gone downhill. Me and my husband had lunch yesterday. We walked in at about 3:30. The section we were sitting in had a total of 4 tables being used the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty. We sat down the waiter took our drink order and left. From the beginning our waiter was ver standoffish. Anyways he took our Order we got the meal for 2 for 40 dollars. The chicken was dry the quality of the food has definitely gone down. It took him forever to get me a new beer and for him to refill my husbands drink. I ordered siracha and got it at the end of my meal! The rice was mediocre  at best. At the end of the meal we ordered another order of drinks and never got it. So we payed our tab and left. I was so disappointed :( never coming back to this location.  60 dollars gone and a bad taste in my mouth.  The only reason I gave two stars was because the dessert which we got to go because the lack of service was making me really upset was pretty good.
I've been to many asian restaurants in town and have to say that PF Changs is as good as most or better.   The main reason for this is that if you go to a Dim Sum restaurant and don't speak the language, you may not know what it is that you are eating, and that can be pretty scary.  That said, I have had some great experiences at the Spring Mountain Road restaurants.

Food is perfection.  Buddha's Feast (veggies) stir fried spicy is as good as it gets!  Kung pow's are all great.  The rice is sticky and tasty.  Nice ambiance and decor.  Waiter/waitress very nice and helpful.  If your in a rush, it's quick.  Close to Las VEgas Blvd. so very convenient.

Suggestion: Add parking lot security, as the restaurant is located across from the Silver 7 casino where a whole host of degenerate meth-head alcoholics gamble.  They then seem to think of the Changs parking lot as hand out city.
Seared Ahi Tuna on a bed of tossed spinach was fantastic and the service was tops.
We had a lunch reservation and were seated  immediately. However, no server came by for about 10 minutes. We had to flag someone down to go find our waitress. We were under time constraints to return to the office. The pork dumplings were greasy and tough. Not a hint of ginger in the sauce. Dan  Dan noodles were okay. I've had better at my local Chinese takeout.  A good concept has declined sadly.
Decent food. Service was good when I arrived around 8:15 but around 9, bar began to fill up and it was impossible to get someone to slow down. When someone did stop by to pick up my card, I had to chase him down the bar to ask for some tea. He brought me a to go box. I said no I would like to go cup of tea. He brought me a mug of hot water. Asked a third time, I finally got him to slow down and listen. But attitude was unnecessary...felt like I was inconveniencing him asking for something else. No one pre bussed my plates. I had to move them around Tetris-style to sign my credit card slip. May want to rethink late night schedule as it was definitely apparent that they need more bartenders during late night to prevent the rushing and impatience with people tipping you. But food quality was good and service I received for first half of my visit was very nice, helpful and courteous.
The service is okay. 

The food, is great and sometimes not so great. I guess it depends who's the cook in the back. 
Best thing you should get is their chicken wrap, Mongolian beef, and calamari. Other than that, the shrimp w/ lobster sauce was such a disappointment. I thought it was going to be different and something really good. But let me tell you, it's just boiled shrimp with egg flour soup. Literally...
This chain use to be at the forefront of asian fusion cuisine, now I'd rather go to a family run Chinese resturant.
As many others have mentioned, the food NEVER disappoints.

However, this location is horribly mismanaged.  The staff, some friendly, some not at all, differ from every other PF Chang's I've ever been to.  Hostesses are absolutely horrible.  Wait staff are friendly, but disorganized and slow.

There's no sense of urgency.

Our waiter, who was absolutely gregarious, but slower than molasses in January, couldn't run my credit card.  "The manager has to do it"... WTF??? 

Replace the manager with someone who gives a shit, and the place would kick ass like every other PF Chang's on the planet.
It's been years since I've been to a PF Chang's and it's safe to say I won't be returning. The food was very salty and the only redeeming factor was the manager granted us gift cards to make up for some poor tasting food they like to call 'cuisine.' If only we could have applied the gift cards to our tab since we don't plan on ever returning...
We were here for a pre fixe wedding reception, so had no choice what to order (makes sense for a large party). 

For appetizers: The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were very good, especially with some of the hot chili paste mixed into soy sauce as a dipping sauce. The Dumplings (with pork) were tasty, but a little greasy. 

For entrees: No one seemed to care for the veggie dish (Buddha's Feast?) with tofu, broccoli, green beans and mushrooms. The sauce was a little thick and a little too sweet. The Beef with Broccoli was my favorite. The orange chicken was good - crispy with an oniony background. (I'm not sure if this was the "kids favorite" Crispy Honey Chicken or the Orange Chicken, since the menu says they peel oranges for this dish, and I didn't see any orange peel, but there was definitely an orange flavor.) The shrimp served on top of crispy rice noodles (Crispy Honey Shrimp, I believe) was good, but the outsides of the shrimp had a slightly strange texture. The lo mein (served meatless) was decent, the rice was perfectly cooked.

Service was very good, something that's not easy with a party of 30.
It's my second time ever dining at P.F. Chang's, and I must say I've been pretty resistant in the past.

We had a gift card that we had to use up, so we figure we're in the Summerlin area and we may as well grab lunch.  There was easily no wait on a weekend afternoon, although we were told all the outside tables were taken.

They had about 9 offerings of lunch bowls that are served daily until 4 pm that include your entree being served on a bed of rice, and a cup of either Egg Drop or Hot & Sour soup.

They bring to your table a bunch of dipping sauces, about six of them that include soy sauce, hot chili sauce, vinegar, hot yellow mustard, hot chili oil, and one other thing.

My choice: 
* Egg Drop Soup "A classic starter" - It was piping hot when it arrived and with a bit of heat added to it, it wasn't too bad.  I was starving and drank it all up.  It was a bit darker than what I expected it to be though.

* Buddha's Feast "Veggies with five-spice tofu served steamed or stir-fried" - I liked the fact that you can have brown or white rice, which is a nice perk you don't typically find at Chinese restaurants, but then again, this isn't your typical Chinese restaurant.  It's a generous portion for one, and I like their choice of veggies.  It had broccoli, asparagus, snap peas, mushrooms, carrots, and tofu all in my dish.  So, it's definitely a hearty dose of the good green veggies.  I definitely needed to add some heat to my dish and eventually added enough chili oil that my rice was swimming in it.

The Husband had: 
* Hot & Soup "Either by the cup or bowl, this will warm your soul" - I guess it was okay, and he did drink it up.  I don't ever order this, so I'm not sure what it's supposed to taste like.

* Sesame Chicken "Back by popular demand...love the ginger, chili paste and garlic" - He asked the waiter if they could make it extra spicy, which he said of course too.  Except that when the order arrived, the Husband said it tasted like they didn't put any hot spices in there.  He wasn't particularly fond of the sauce of the dish, but beyond the chicken was onions, broccoli, and bell peppers with black sesame seeds tossed in there.

They were offering 'mini' desserts that arrived in shot classes, which was a sampling for about $2/each.  We went for two kinds:

* S'mores - The Husband thought this was too sweet for him, and it really was crushed graham crackers, a very sweet marshmallow creme, and chocolate sauce.

* Strawberry Cheesecake - The Husband enjoyed this more, and all it really consisted of was crushed graham crackers, strawberry preserves, and white cream.  

(They reminded me of something you could easily do at home, but I guess it satisfies your sweet tooth with having to purchase one of their bigger desserts.)

Overall, the food was decent, and the portions were pretty generous for the price.  It'd be different to go for dinner and do family style though.  We noticed mostly everyone had to go boxes with them, although I found it weird how the staff would hold the to go box against their stomach and shovel the food into it.  (Sure, it works, but it looks not so nice.)

Side note: They offer a chef's table that allows you to eat inside the kitchen as you can watch them cook.  Pretty cool!
Americanized Chinese food. It is predictable and consistent but not enough flavor for me. It is like an upscale panda express. Not bad but not excellent either. If you want a safe bet then this place is for you.
For a chain restaurant I don't think this place is bad. It's not the best Chinese food around but it hits the spot when you're looking for an inexpensive dinner. Right now they're offering a prix-fixe menu for two for $39.95. Yup, dinner for two for forty bucks, not forty bucks each. The meal comes w/ two orders of soup (we both got the egg drop soup -- wasn't bad), one appetizer (pork potstickers -- tasty), two entrees (cashew chicken -- pretty good; mongolian beef -- crispy and flavorful), and two desserts (carrot cake -- it was ok; chocolate cake -- best thing all night). The desserts are mini desserts (served in shot glasses) not their regular sized ones. All in all, not bad for the price. The service was pretty good also.
This changs is more quite then the one on the strip if you want fun and excitment then go to the one one the strip, the service was good here and it is prolly the best chain resturant in the world!
This is the first time I've dined at PF Changs. Everyone told me before that this is not authentic Chinese food and it's over priced. All the rumors are true. I wouldn't dine here again. Overall the atmosphere was fine and service was friendly. Not my cup of tea.
This PF Chang's is located in Summerlin, right across the street from Boca Park. It's in a booshie part of town, so yes, you will get the Bentley's, Mercedes, blah, blah here. 

What I really like is their outside seating area. When it's winter time, they have heaters and clear covers in the patio area so that there's less cold air coming into the seating area. There was a large group of high school kids getting ready for homing coming that sitting across from us, a group of about 20, so if you're the type that likes to dine with a gigantic group, they have the capability to accommodate you, I'm sure they need notice for a group that large though. 

I liked their food, it's basically over priced Chinese food with modernized, Chinese looking decor in the restaurant. Honestly, I'd rather go to some place in China Town. The only reason why we end up going to any PF Chang's is because we have a gift card. But, it does the job. 

The service is great, very attentive... But I expect that, considering the location of this restaurant. :)
We visit this Chang's every time we come to Vegas and have always had great food and great service.  When the wait is long, we have also been able to sit at the bar and get full menu service.  The shrimp in lobster sauce is awesome and the chicken lettuce wraps are great.  I don't eat spicy food but my husband got the kung pao scallops this past time and even my wimpy self could handle them and they were great.  Also, the oo-long tea (spelling?) is a good hot tea that doesn't even seem to need to be sweetened.  The servers are very knowledgeable about their menu and always attentive.  Kids get crayons and Wiki Stix to keep them busy.  Apparently the large wall mural above the bar is different at every location, ask your server about the one here...you'll never guess what it represents.....
right now i am all about the happy hour menu which runs from 3pm - 6pm. the happy hour list has a generous selection of their more popular dishes for a more affordable price of $3 - $6. the portions are pretty decent and you can fill up on about 4 or 5 dishes between 2 people. 

whenever i go the service is always on point, i love the atmosphere, although it can get loud at times, and the food is always so tasty. 

thank you pf happy hour!
I love this place, the atmosphere, food, drinks are all AMAZING! if you love chinese food AKA oriental food then you need to come check this place out because its awesome. The price is very reasonable and i highly recommend the Mongolian beef (or is you don't eat beef and eat chicken get mongo chicken its pretty much amazing) Crispy green beans, and dynamite shrimp to everyone who goes there. A+ Restaurant!!!!!!!
Terrible service! The waitress was extremely slow even slower after we mentioned we were catching a movie.  We had to practically jump up and down waving our arms to call her over.  It honestly looked as if she would serve other tables and avoid eye contact at our table and pretend we weren't calling her just so she could go to the kitchen. 

As for the food most everything tasted pretty salty especially the double pan-fried noodles...YUCK!  BUT, if you're into ALL that SALT  I guess go.

P.s.  We were harassed by a homeless person from the parking lot all the way to the front door walkway.
Over glorified Panda Express.

Nothing great, nothing lacking. I've had better other places.

Good if you enjoy chinese food but have a phobia of chinese people.
I gotta say, I have been a fan of PF Changs for some time as a go to option for "higher end" Asian food. I was let down this time though . Granted we stopped in during several of the largest trade shows in Las Vegas, so the restaurant was PACKED, but it just didn't seem like anyone was on their game. My friend and I (no, it's not what you think!) stopped in to get looking for some decent, non casino food and we left really wanting. This is one of the "smaller" locations it seemed in both parking lot and restaurant size, so that probably magnified the difficulties they had. Our experience started off when we pulled in to the parking lot and were greeted by the valet telling us the only option, other than across the street was to valet our "big ole truck". This wasn't a big deal as we didn't want to walk anyways. However, we were a bit irked when the valet told us we needed to get out car, or at least the key within the next hour and a half as they would be closing at 10ish, valet included. I almost voiced an opposition to continuing in as I did not want to be rushed in what already seemed like a packed restaurant...This is VEGAS for crying out loud!
No worries. We did get seated pretty fast as there was only two of us. The waiter definitely got this place an additional star as he was attentive and informative. He got out orders in and going in great order and stopped by several times to refill us on drinks. We ordered a few standbys, Kung Pow chicken and Crispy beef. What a let down! The chicken appeared to be sauted chicken and peanuts with a little sauce, and my beef was too chewy for my liking. Both made us think that perhaps we had gotten the PF Changs frozen entre's they now sell in the supermarkets? The highlight for me was the house ginger beer. I must have had three of these damn things. I enjoy a good, unique beer and this was killer! This was a light tasting heff type unfiltered beer with a fantastic sweet/spicy aftertaste of genuine ginger. I might hit up the local PF Change to see if they have this on it's own.
I guess we went in hoping for average to above average and left feeling we got below average from a restaurant chain that makes it's reputation on being above average. I'll give them a second chance, but in a town with almost as many eating options as ways to loose your money, why try again?
Long wait is worth it.
It's PF Changs. Not superb, but consistently good. I did do an online order about a week ago for pick up and it tool over an hour to get. They promised a pick up time and promptly ignored it and made me wait an additional 30 min. Looks like they are to big or disorganized to address it.
Love it - great food & drinks, love the cozy classy decor.
OK, I don't want to hear that PF Chang's is not authentic Chinese.....everybody knows that.  The family enjoys coming here.  It's been a while for us, so we decided to have a family night out.

We ordered the Tofu Lettuce Wraps and Crispy Green Beans to get the night started.  Both were awesome as usual.  One thing about PFC is that they rarely screw up the appetizers.....I can always count on a solid appetizer.

Their entrees however are going downhill.  One of my favorite dishes is the Dali Chicken, which is their spiciest Chicken dish.  When it came out, it looked dry and tough.....and it was.  You can almost see how dry it is from the picture I took.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T3ASfec34b8-uYr3xZj8Lw?select=vefoPIx8FPxegrVmSyeWmg
Damn.....why can't they keep up the consistent quality like they do with their appetizers?!  I also don't like how they only give you a small bowl of Rice.....I have to ask for a 2nd bowl as soon as it's delivered to the table, otherwise I won't get my 2nd bowl before I'm done with my entree.

Overall, it was a nice dinner with the fam.....everyone enjoyed their meal and although mine wasn't perfect, I wasn't going to let it ruin a nice night out.

Return Factor - 67%
Our waiter was amazing!  Very attentive, funny, great personality and great service.  The food was good too.  We got the 2 for $39.99.  Both got the egg drop soup, not the best I have ever had, in fact, I have made better but it was decent.

We got the tofu lettuce wraps as an appetizer, I love those!!  I love the sauce, the tofu isnt slimy or anything, great texture, nice fresh lettuce, wonderful!

Then for entree we got the crispy honey shrimp and the orange peel shrimp.  Both were fresh, amazing flavors and well cooked.  Served with steamed rice and the waiter insisted we get extra rice so we could take it home for leftovers, so nice!  

Then he recommended the raspberry cheesecake with caramel on top and also the chocolate chip dessert.  Both were really good.  I like PF Changs even though it is a chain, good food and great service.  :-)
Love it!!! We had gone here for our 1 yr ann. and were VERY surpised... I had heard things like too expensive, to salty never eating again... but to our surprise it was BOMB-DIGITY!!! We had a VERY knowledgeable waitress who gave us a free dessert for our 1 yr and actually had them write in white chocolate happy anniversary over raspberry puree(which was decadent) I couldn't have asked for a better 1 yr anniversary :D
I have been to this location several times, but it has been almost a year since my last visit and I was craving lettuce wraps since they make the best I have ever had.

I always get the same thing when I go to PF Changs - Chicken Lettuce Wraps and the Double Pan Fried Beef Noodles. 
However, they are now offering a Pre-Fix menu for 2 for $39.99 and my noodles were not on the menu.  I decided to be brave, and try something new.

Our waiter and I had already created a rapport over my indecision on my drink choice, so I when I asked him about my meal choice he told me to try the Mongolian beef instead while my boyfriend ordered the Spicy Chicken.  He said that I would never want my pan fried noodles again after the Mongolian Beef....so I took his word and tried something new.  He apparently told the cook to make mine extra crispy without asking my preference first - little did he know, I LOVE crispy grilled beef bits. I char my Korean BBQ because I love those burned edges so much (even though I order steaks med rare) so when a full plate of little sweet charred pieced of beef came to my table with a thick sauce I was in heaven.

Our waiter (Nicholas) even suggested next time how I order the Mongolian beef a bit spicier with asparagus to really fit in with my preferences and he was spot on about how I had told my boyfriend how I would like it a bit spicier next time and came with beans instead of 
shallots.  It was like he read my mind!
The first thing I noticed was the spacing.  It was too cramped.  I felt like me and my date had the smallest table in the place.  There wasn't enough room for all the plates we had.  Also they had real lit candles on the table which made me nervous because of the lack of space.  My date seemed to get bumped by people as they walked by.  As for the food, I've had better.  It was good, but too pricey.  We got the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Kung Pao Scallops, and Mu Shu Chicken.  The service was great and I think it's a good place to go if you want more of a restaurant experience than regular Chinese take-out.
I give them a 5 star review based on the pan fried dumplings alone.  I can eat them by the pound.  The Mongolian beef and sea bass are fantastic as well.  Great restaurant...
Great place to eat, a tad bit pricey but great food and always a good svc..didn't have to wait at all on a Sunday afternoon
So it's Las Vegas Chain restaurant dining for me. A four star for a chain is like getting 20 stars for a Mom and Pop place. I know it's embarrassing for an Asian guy like me to enjoy dining at P.F Chang. Paul Fleming Chang that is! That's as authentic as it gets. 

There's really nothing you can complain about, the service here is top notch. Food comes out like a well orchestrated symphony. There's only 2 things I order here and highly recommend. Ma Po Tofu and Kung Pao Shrimp. Both highly addictive items! I'm not sure if it's the saltiness, or the crunchiness or the combination of both.  The Tofu comes with crispy steamed broccoli to make you feel better about yourself for the meal.
A fun place to have even if it's a chain restaurant! The decor is inviting and nice, the servers are always helpful with the menu. The happy hour is killer.
PBR's for $2.00, sake $3.00  The lettuce wraps and the tempura green beans are great. If we want a close to home fun spot. PF Chang's is always on the list
Good value compared to many asian places.
Made in USA
This is obviously not an authentic Chinese restaurant. I realized that, way before I looked at the menu. No Chinese people around. The only Chinese I saw were statues decorating the place. And the menus are as easy to read as panda express menus.
  We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps,( fresh and crispy) the Chang's chicken ( sweet & sour) and the shrimp with lobster sauce. ( my favorite) Food was delicious. I really liked everything we tried, although it was a little too salty or to MSG-ish?
 Service was great! (Another sign this is not an authentic Chinese restaurant.) we had 3 servers! One got us drinks, one took our order, one delivered the food. Wow, I hope they share tips.
 The overall experience was good enough to come back and to recommend this place to friends. This may not be an authentic Chinese restaurant, but is definitely an authentic P.F. Chang!
Usually my husband and I like to have date night here. Last night my daughter and mom came with us.  I always have a grey goose cosmo, yummy. We had the ahi appetizer, lettuce wraps and hot-n-sour soup (my husbands favorite).  Everything came timely and perfect.  Entrees were szechuan shrimp,Chinese BBQ spareribs (my favorite), sweet-n-sour chicken and almond chicken.  We ordered too much again...  Oh well, lunch leftover tomorrow.  Our waiter was great, food great, atmosphere great.  Another happy experience at Pf Changs.  Forgot we had the combo fried rice too.
I usually run the other way when it comes to chain restaurants, but we've had a $50 gift card for P.F. Chang's that was given to us about six months ago and finally decided to bite the bullet.  I've been to the one on the Strip twice, but that was a long time ago, my only memory being grease, and more grease.  So I wasn't particularly looking forward to dinner tonight.  But 50 bucks is 50 bucks, so...

The economy must have gotten to PFC:  Saturday night and no wait for a table at 9:00 pm.  I settled on a glass of white zin (yeah, I know, Kool-Aid), and hubby ordered a Newcastle on draft.  I see-sawed between ordering a la carte, since the Spiced Lamb sounded interesting, and the 39.99 Four-Course dinner, until the waitress said that the Sesame Chicken on the dinner was really, really good.  So we went for it.

I was totally surprised.  The Hot & Sour Soup, while not overwhelmingly spicy, was delicious, not overly glutinous, and had a generous helping of both pork and tofu.  

The lettuce wraps were very good, and we were offered a second helping of lettuce, since the first batch didn't make a dent in the large portion of chicken and crispy rice noodles.  

By that time we were pretty full, so dinner tomorrow night will be our leftovers:  that excellent Sesame Chicken, and the Kung Pao Shrimp, which was terrific, but would have been even better if I ever could remember to have the kitchen NOT add any additional salt.  Even my husband enjoyed it, and he doesn't like shrimp!!  Best of all was the absence of the pools of grease that I remember from the Strip location.  There was even a lot less oil than we get at our usual New York Chinese Restaurant go-to, and the ambience is a lot nicer.

The Prix Fixe includes two desserts, and there are eight mini desserts to choose from, all served in shooter glasses.  I had the Lemon Tres Leche [sic], which didn't taste at all like the usual Tres Leches dessert, but was astoundingly good, so much so that the little shooter seemed much more dessert than I should be eating.  Hubby had the Apple Pie, and liked it a lot.  But mine was better!!

Our server, Nancy, was outstanding - everything a server should be:  friendly, helpful, patient, efficient, and accommodating.  

All in all, we had a terrific meal in an attractive place, and would have enjoyed it just as much if we actually had to pay for it!
Last night we went to P.F. Chang for dinner.  The place looks very nice and we did not have to wait for a table.  We got the 39.99 Four-Course dinner which was very reasonable.  I had a Newcastle draft to start and my wife had a glass of white zin.  Then we had Hot & Sour soup and a lettuce wrap with chicken.  The soup was a small serving and not spicy,  the lettuce wrap was very good and a nice size portion.  Both the Seasame Chicken and Kung Pao Shrimp were good, but could have more spice.  The mini desserts served in shooter glasses were excellent.  I had the Apple Pie and my wife had Lemon Tres Leche, which I tasted.  We will be coming back and will try their Happy Hour next time.
Kim H. was our server. She did a great job. Her service was spectacular. It has been a long time since I have received this kind of great service from a restaurant server. Keep up the great work. The food was also excellent.
I was disappointed the very last time I went here. And it made my guts feel funny =[ not cool...thank goodness it was not a date.
I've been to this one and the one in Green Valley and I have to say that I'm just not that impressed.  I mean, the food is good and its certainly a nice enough place but I like the food at China-a-go-go better, and its a hell of a lot cheaper.  

I guess this place is fine for high school graduations, Mothers Day, and dad's birthday, you know, when you want to go out for a "nice" dinner (but not an overly expensive one).  

The staff was nice and took good care of us but I left here not caring either way if I ever returned.
Went on a Thursday night where there was a 35-minute wait.  Friends asked that we meet them there.  Service, as usual, was terribly slow--15 minutes to get our water and then another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  The food took forever to arrive, but was pretty tasty.  It was an over 2-hour generally poor experience.

I think I've finally learned my lesson and will never return.
I always enjoy dining here in the nice, upscale terra cotta Xian warrior atmosphere accompanied by piped in jazzy music.  When Diane and I arrived at the hostess stand at 10:25 p.m. on a Monday night, celebrating the coming of the Year of the Dragon, the hostess hopefully asked, "Do you want takeout?" and I thought "Nice try!" but responded firmly, "No, two for dinner."  We were the only diners present.  But she was a good sport about it, and escorted us to a nice comfortable booth.      

As usual, Hot & Sour Soup with tofu and carrot slivers and a chili oil-like spicy edge was excellent.  I had two large cups, and have downed a whole bowl before, but it is really huge.  This night we took advantage of the $39.95 "Chang's for 2" special, which is a great deal, plus willingly incurred a $1.95 upcharge for Banana Spring Rolls as our dessert.  Portions are large here; you don't go home hungry.

We selected pan-fried Shrimp Dumplings as our appetizer, which were real tasty.  They were like little edible pillows, and I had fun dipping the glistening morsels in very good Potsticker Sauce, Soy Chili Oil, and a fruity Sweet & Sour Sauce, in no particular order.  Besides the random dunking in alternating flavors, a shrimp interior instead of the usual pork was a nice change of pace.  

The shrimp in one of our two entree selections, Crispy Honey Shrimp, was moist, with just the right amount of breading and flavorful Honey Sauce.  The chunks of red and green peppers and white onions in our second main course were suitably crunchy, and the beef nice and tender, with all floating in a rich and tasty Brown Sauce.  Included fluffy grains of steamed white rice offered a nice backdrop to bring all the fresh ingredients together.  And, I washed everything down with fragrant White Tangerine Tea, which tasted like vanilla without a sweetener, but like tangerine and honey with the addition of Sweet 'N Low.  I have no idea why, but preferred the latter.

The Banana Spring Rolls, served with Pineapple Coconut Ice Cream and Caramel & Vanilla Sauce, both looked and tasted great.  Accompanied on the side by raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries (to which Diane is allergic, so I got to enjoy them all), this fine meal ender offered a great harmony of flavors.  The good-sized dough-wrapped and deep-fried chunks of banana that were sprinkled in cinnamon stood erect on the serving plate, wading in the fine sauce and ice cream,  until we felled them and picked the very tasty pieces apart. 

Service was friendly and very efficient, and, when paying our bill we were bestowed with two Year of the Dragon Mystery Dining Rewards that we can use if we return within 40 days of our visit and leave unopened until a manager comes over and discloses our discount or edible surprise.  That should be soon!

4-1/2 stars!
I've come to other P.F. Chang's and have never had a good experience..

They  say in life to never say never..

Crap they were right. This P. F. Chang's experience was one for the kodak books.

Originally my husband and I were going to go to Claim Jumper for our anniversary but once there and stuck in the parking lot for more than 20 minutes looking for a parking spot, I was really annoyed. Taking a final look in the direction of the restaurant and seeing the line outside I decided to look for another place.

Winner, winner, chicken dinner. P.F. Changs was in our sights.

Walking in we asked how long it was for a booth because we had our one year old daughter with us. (no we didn't get a baby sitter). The hostess mentioned that the wait was 45 minutes to an hour long. WTF! Next, she said or we can opt for outside eating which was heated. No Wait?! Okay, im in. My tummy was growling and about to attack the next poor soul who walking in front of me. 

Finally at our seat outside, we took off our jackets cause the dang heaters were so hot. Our waiter was quick and friendly. His name was Brandon. I swear, he had our drinks within seconds, or so it seemed. 

He filled us in on drinks and menu specials and even explained we could substitute for other items if we wanted for only a two dollar charge. We opted for his suggestion which was the 2 for $40 deal. 

Then we went for the upgrade for the chicken noodle soup for an extra two bucks. We asked for the soup to have no tomato's (im allergic) and no mushrooms (hubby and i both dislike them, yuck!). When It arrived it was so good. No joke, the BEST soup I've ever had. WELL, okay its tied with BJ's (they're broccoli and cheese soup). The noodles we're freaky, they looked clear but they were very tasty. Huge, but good. The cilantro inside was very fresh. it said it was chicken noodle soup but there was hardly and chicken. it didn't phase me though. We both had two bowls full and were going to have tons of leftovers. YAY!

The appetizer we got was the lettuce wraps. They offer the option for chicken or vegetarian. Meat, meat meat baby! They were good, but not mouthwatering. I was trying not to eat much of them because I still had two entree's on their way. My husband was into them, way more than me. I let him munch on them. 

Our entree's arrived, both with rice included. Cool. The first entree was orange peel chicken. It was drenched in orange sauce which really made the chicken kind of soggy. Not a huge fan. It was good (like the wraps) but not something I would come back for. If you paired the chicken with a bit or white rice it took away some of the sauce which made the dish better. The next entree was the honey shrimp. OMG, soo good. My husband and I were literally fighting over it, even though i ordered it. Letfovers? Nope, none. Damn :/ 

Lastly the deal came with two shot sized desserts. My husband was no surprise when he ordered the NY cheesecake. He wasn't a big fan of it because the raspberry sauce on top was super sour and bitter. eek. I was torn between ordering the tiramisu and the thres leche lemon drop cake. Considering the fact that I always go for the tiramisu I decided to be different and get the lemon. When Brandon returned with my dessert he brought me both! :) He whispered for me not to rat him out and that he brought me both because he knew I couldn't decide. The tiramisu was very moist and delicious. It had a distinct coffee flavor. it was gone and two bites. The other, the lemon was so yummy! I love lemon and it was perfect. It was very lemony but at the same time very cakey. If that makes any sense. i dont know why it was called tres lech cause it wasnt very moist, it was more like a cookie. It had lots of cookie texture to it.

Over all I was a huge fan of P F Changs and we will be returning next week. We were such fans that we asked to speak with the manager and left our waiter Brandon a great review. Hopefully the manager will let Brandon know he did an exceptional job.
Terribly slow service waited 45 minutes for entrees and they refused to accept yelp offer. 

Wayne Gorsek
I consider myself a god of chains... chain in the restaurant sense...  I really really like PF Changs.

Did you know PF stands for Paul Fleming?

Did you know the food is all gluten free??

Did you know that PF Changs is the parent company of Pei Wei?  Hmmmmm????

I Wikipedia'd 2 of those facts, I'm not that awesome.


Kung Pao Shrimp is the best I've ever had.  Service always fantastic.

Sea bass also very underrated dish.

4 stars why?????  Because I think it's a tad over priced, just a tad.
Great service and really good food, but one big complaint that keeps me from going often and that's ,how do I put this delicately, bad bad bad gas for two to three hours after I'm done. I don't know what they put in their sauces, but it is toxic. My poor kids die on the way home after PF changs!! Ha Ha
Until March 2012, I was not a big PF Changs Fan.  Sure I like the Lettuce Wraps and the Spare Ribs but I have always felt it was overpriced, overcrowded and pretentious.  I tend to avoid places where you have to wait in line for the privilege of dropping a C-note on dinner and drinks for 2 and the food isn't even real chinese.

And then, as if drawn by oriental mystery, I found myself with my lovely wife who is a PF Changs fan hearing myself say  hmm, Lettuce Wraps sound good, surprised it came out of my mouth.  

So off to Rampart we go.  Past the wild rearing horses greeting us and reminding me that this might not be my best choice.  Until.....................

Dinner for 2 for $40.00.  I know I know, many other chains are offering similar or even better priced bargin dinners.  And the old saying you get what you pay for usually holds true.  I thought, ok. It is a trick, small portions, limited menu choices but I will give it a try, for my wife. Well this may be the exception.   The popular items are on the 2 for $40 menu.  Lettuce Wraps, Orange Chicken etc.  Not everything but enough choices to make it worth it.  

You start with soup, we upgrade to the Wonton for some yummy starts.  Then you get 1 appetizer (Lettuce Wraps are a staple.) 2 entrees and either 3 mini deserts or one large piece of cake for a slight upgrade price.

The bowl of soup is huge and we have always ended up taking some home.  The portions appear the same size as the regular dining and of course the same great taste.  The Mongolian Beef is one of our favorites and the Crispy Honey Shrimp and Chicken are awesome.

Unless you are super hungry, there will be enough leftovers for 1-2 lunches.  Make yourself the envy of your lunch crowd at work by enjoying a chinese feast the next day.

I have now become a fan of PF Changs and give them a resounding Xie xie or M goi.  Not to mention the service was fantastic.  We had an amazing server who has been there 7 years.  I hope the restaurant appreciates what they have in this girl.

The only think keeping this from a 5 star rating is that I am from the East Coast where corner store chinese food is better than anything you can find in Vegas and half the price.
I find P.F. Chang's to be way overpriced. If their prices were cheaper I'd give them four stars because I enjoy the ambience, find it a comfortable place to hang out with friends, and believe their entrees and appetizers to be interesting and flavorful.  I liked going during happy hour with a few friends, where we had a lot of fun and never felt rushed. I thought the appetizers were tasty, and my friends liked the drinks from the bar. 

 I don't  mind paying for quality, but I don't think their offerings are worth the prices they charge, so I won't be coming here often, and most of the time it'll be for happy hour with friends.
OK, I fell off of the wagon and went to a chain restaurant, but only because our friend wanted to fo there for her birthday. I will say that I do like this "American Chinese" restaurant. I ordered the Sichuan Scallops and they were very tasty. I like the fact that they serve brown rice. I only waited about 10 minutes to be seated and we had excellent service from Alex. We also had Crispy Honey Chicken and Mongolian Beef at our table. All was good. This is a chain that has NEVER disappointed me, no matter what city.
Ate here last night and have been here quite a few times. I cannot believe people here reviewing are saying it is overpriced. Really? Where else can you go and for 2 people get soup, appetizer, 2 entrees, rice and dessert for $39. That is a 4 course meal.  Am I missing something here? This is a damn steal! If you think that is "overpriced" then go to Chili's or Applebees and eat that garbage! PF Changs has amazing Asian cuisine that is superb, full of flavor and well worth the price. We had very fast and courteous service last night as well, and every time I have ever went I have never had any issues with the service. 

My fave dishes/apps are Mongolian Beef, Kung Pao Chicken and Orange chicken, Lettuce wraps and Chicken chow mein. I haven't tried everything so I am sure there is more awesomeness to eat there as well. I do not eat fish so can't really speak on that.

If you want to upgrade your dessert for $1.95, Try the Banana spring rolls. Its fried banana with pineapple coconut ice cream with vanilla and caramel sauce and fruit! Amazing! I love PF Changs. Cant wait to eat my leftovers for lunch today.
Tonight I spent $60 on an absolutely underwhelming meal.  It started with blase egg drop soup, greasy spring rolls, just average chicken dishes with dry rice! And the food was lukewarm.

This the second time, a PF Chang, has served us a mediocre quality of food..I can go to the neighborhood Chinese Buffet and have a much better meal for half the price.

 Since we were in Las Vegas, visiting, and there are thousands of restaurants, I was surprised at how robotic the waiter was and how below average, greasy and tasteless the food was.

I wish I had my $60 back!!  Advice:  Save your money, or go to your neighborhood Chinese joint!  There is no justification for charging those prices and delivering a crappy experience....Very upset and disappointed.
Lettuce wraps are a must! But the beefs always seem to be too seasoned.
I've been to PF Chang's in the past and have never had any complaints until now. This particular night I ordered the "spicy chicken" as part of their "two meals for $39" deal which turned out to be NOT at all spicy. The rest of the meal along with dessert was very good. The service of the waiter and friendliness of the host was impeccable!
The food and service are good; however they don't have the Lemon Pepper Shrimp appetizer anymore.
My mom loves it here!!! I think it's a bit over rated though. We tried all the waitress's recommendations and needless to say we should have let her a note with our tip letting her know she may want to pick better recommendations. She was a really nice lady though and very attentive. I don't think I had to worry about asking for a refill all night. Great service! Food was just okay.
I've eaten here only twice; the first time I don't remember what I ate, but I remember thinking it was a bit overpriced.
The second time I came here my best friend brought me. She had a gift certificate she wanted to use, and we went in for a late dinner (I'm talking an hour before they close late). We decided to get a special they had for two people; two soups, two starters, two entrees, and your choice of two desserts or shareable dessert.
She ordered the Orange Peel Chicken for the main dish, and I got the Orange Peel Shrimp. 
The Shrimp was very tasty, and had a little kick to it. We shared some spring rolls with the house sauces, and got separate desserts.
The down side was the desserts were little shot glasses full of cake. It wasn't that much. We should have asked for a shareable one, it would have been bigger.
The staff was very nice considering we were there pretty late, and overall the food was alright.
My first trip to PF Changs was a good one. I was seated fast and greeted with the professional courtesy that most customers deserve and expect from a casual dining experience. The food I ordered was equally as pleasing.  I went for lunch and ordered Ginger Chicken with Brocolli and brown rice in the lunch sized portion. I was worried the lunch portion would be too small but it turned out to be just right.  My meal came out fast, hot and fresh. The chicken was tender and the brocolli still slightly crisp. Mixing the sauce and the brown rice was a good way to go. The egg flower soup at the beginning of the meal was good in its own right but had a flavor I am not used to.  I ordered hot green tea. They were out of the regular organic and so they brought me tropical green tea instead. It was a little sweeter and fruitier than the tea I really wanted but it was still good. I had that pot empty by the end of my meal. To finish off my meal I ordered tiramisu for dessert. This was the only disappointing part of the meal. The taste was good but it was frozen. I've never had frozen tiramisu before. Perhaps I was just there too early and it had not defrosted yet. Whatever the case my overall experience was favorable. I got a good meal, hot tea and dessert for $17.51. Not bad. And I had a $25 gift card that now has $7.49 remaining. Maybe I'll go back and get a dessert trio.
P.F. Chang's is one of my favorites. I recommend making a reservation unless you don't mind waiting to be seated for a while at times. The wait for me in the past has been up to a 2 hour wait so I always call ahead of time to make sure I wont have to wait too long when getting there. Parking is another thing the lot can be pretty full at times but, when people know where good food is they tend to gather!

We like getting the "Four-Course Meal For Two For $39.99". You get your choice of 2 soups, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 small desserts. For $1.95-$3.95 you can upgrade to 1 larger dessert but for us we like choosing our own smaller ones that are included in the price already. 

I love their "Egg Drop Soup". It is some of the best I have ever had. I usually always start out with "Chang's Chicken Lettuce Wraps". The lettuce is always so fresh and crisp and the chicken tastes so darn good. I just can't get enough of the lettuce wraps! We also got "Pork Fried Dumplings". These are chocked full of delicious flavored pork. If you like dumplings then these are a must and they have veggie too. For my main meal I usually get "Crispy Honey Chicken". The chicken comes with crispy rice sticks under the chicken and u tell them to leave that off so I can mix my white rice with the chicken, yum! For the dessert menu I would eat one of everything it all sounds good! The dessert I did choose this time was "Salted Caramel Chocolate Cake". Sounds good right? It was just so-so. I wasn't upset at all it was perfectly edible the flavor just didn't add up to the name so I will try a different one next time.

I had a "Strawberry Daiquiri" that was $6.50 and delicious.

There is a outdoor patio if you want to eat outside.

Check out their website. They have a "Warrior Rewards" that gives you freebies from time to time. Just for signing up you get a free order of lettuce wraps!
P.F. Chang's is ... well, P.F. Chang's.  The plaster horse that's in front of every single chain signifies that you've entered the asian fusion place of champions.   The interior is like every other P.F. Chang's and the food also is.... same.

That in itself would probably rank itself in a 4 star category if you're not going down to Chinatown for the real thang.

However, the one star deduction came from the terrible misplacement of their Curb-side service.  First, curb-side usually designates that someone will probably come out to take your order or what not.   Instead, this location decided to place the signage out behind their dumpster area.  And there's no video camera or anything so no one comes out to meet you or bring your food.  You still have to head over to the front entrance and get your food from the bar area.

Second, they blocked off the sidewalk with their outdoor patio gate.  So you'll walk the long way around to get to-go food.  It's not only an afterthought for curb-side service, it's a terrible location and there's not a dedicated area for it.  If you're going to do it, do it right.  I'd probably take pointers from Darden's (Outback/Carrabba's) who's had a pickup window/door for a while and they even re-implemented their areas in older venues.

I would probably suggest that they re-do this with the parking that's facing the entrance to make this a more viable solution.  Picking up to-go food at the bar is so 1990s.
This used to be my favorite go-to Chinese cuisine restaurant.  However, the last few times I have been there, I have fallen more disappointed than the next.  I think the food is consistent, but extra heavy on the sodium.  Also, menu items seem to stay stagnant without changing here and then.  Finally, it seems as if the expectations for the servers have been lowered.  Do managers still visit the tables?  I think the icing on the cake was our last experience. We were DOUBLE charged on our bill, and when we called it to our server's attention he shrugged his shoulders and walked away.  Yes you heard it...no sorry, no apology, no "have a good day." We were appalled.   (You better believe we will be checking our credit card statement to see if he actually credited our bill.) With that attitude, it almost felt as if we busted him in a scam. Thankfully, we compared the bill with the others who split it with us or else this might not have been caught. I hope management gets it together here and teaches basic customer service skills to their employees. That being said, I will give it another honest try at some point.
Good Food.  Had not gone for a year but I took family and both sets of parents out for dinner.  It was good.  Waiter was helpful and very attentive.  Sea Bass was wonderful.  We will go again.
P.F. Changs at this location had really good customer service. Our waiter was very attentive and even recommended a good red wine to drink (which was $11) but I can't remember the name of it. Anyways the food was okay for me, I got the street noodles or something like that and to me it reminded me of pad thai (which was more spicy and less sweet) with shrimp. My mom got the moo goo gai pan (sorry if misspelled and butchered) and it literally had no flavor, it was so bland that my mom had to ask for salt (which is very rare for her to ask of that which meant it seriously had no taste). My mom's friend got shrimp fried rice and their version of orange chicken which was not much different that panda express to me, just a bit better in taste.

Overall It wasn't SUPER good or worth the price really (in my case). I mean P.F. Changs is a good place if you want more expensive asian food, but im sure you can find somewhere else that serves good asian food for less.
PF Chang's is one of my favorite places to go for dinner an has always been outstanding. But recently I was very disappointed. We recently called to get an order for take out. It was a special occasion for my bf an I an wanted a nice romantic dinner at home. We called an ordered 3 appetizers an 3 main course meals. When we got the food home I couldn't believe how awful it was a the portions were barely enough. The crab won tons were burnt an the shrimp pan fried dumplings the northern style ribs were ok but not as good as when we eat in. The entree portion of Mongolian beef, honey crispy chicken were so little we could hardly share. The only entree that was a little better was the ginger chicken. It was like they had given food for maybe 1 person. It was very disappointing. I will never get take home again. Going in an eating is definitely better. Although it should be good either way
Great food, love the Honey Walnut Chicken!
I enjoy visiting this location.
Actually, I was here just last week with a friend.

The sole reason I come here is for the szechuan asparagus.
So damn good! Spicy! I could eat numerous plates of this stuff.
Lettuce wraps are always a good choice too.

Orange peel chicken and General Chang's chicken are my main dishes of choice since I'm allergic to seafood.

I always get great service no matter which location I go to in Las Vegas or California.
This is best PF Changs in Vegas, as far as service and food,
We goto all of them, and this location is most pleasant.

Idvsat the worst one for service is not the planet Hollywood location, however it's the stand alone flamingo/paradise location. Poor service 
And lots of fast paced activity with loud noises, not a relaxing PF Changs, the mangers at charleston location are the best!!
Horrible, tasteless, bland, overpriced Chinese food. Both times I ate at this PF Chang's were terrible. Good thing both times were free or else I would be even more pissed. Also, need to do something about  their slow service. I had ordered online for a pick-up several hours in advance. I still had to wait 15-20 minutes. 

You think they would at least make one of their signature dishes palatable. Wrong! Their chicken lettuce wraps was one of the worst meals I've had in Vegas!
I was very excited to have chinese food tonight and it was definitely worth it! The appetizer lettuce wreps were my favorite. I also had the wonton soup which was pretty good! The sesame chicken was very good also! My family was contemplating on having dessert but our kind and very friendly waiter, Robert, gave us the Banana Spring Rolls desert for free.. what a nice man! Overall, dinner was great and I would gladly come here again!
The Summerlin location is always consistently great. Service is friendly, food is prepared same way and also very good and consistant. Had the walnut melon shrimp, hot n sour soup ..yummo tasty and filling. Also had the lettuce wraps of course. Recommend this location in town, the others are a tourists trap..
My favorite place to go for Happy Hour.  Northern ribs and a cold beer  to finish off a busy week.
Good atmosphere and friendly service. I like the gluten free menu.
When I get a craving for rice, this is usually the place I head to. I do like the fact that they have a gluten free menu, with my go-to menu items being: chicken lettuce wraps, egg drop soup and the chicken fried rice. My fianc and I have alway have good service here, with the waiters being very personable and accommodating to my fianc's interesting sauce concoctions. 
They also have a good agave nectar margarita. It's just agave nectar, lime juice and tequila. Simple and without all the usual calories in a margarita.
Literally, as my party of 3 discussed the closure of Firefly on Paradise, I find a huge piece of plastic wrap in my salad!!! I am done with PF chunks forever!
quality control? negative, none, nada. Yuk. yes, the manager apologized, no, I wasn't charged for the salad, but it turned my stomach.
After living less than a mile away from this PF Chang's for more than two years, we finally tried it for takeout last Tuesday. I am not a huge fan of Chinese food, and not a huge fan of chains, so though I have lived near other locations in many cities, it has never been high on my list of places to try!

I was actually pleasantly surprised. I had wonton soup, steamed pork dumplings, and the chopped chicken salad. You get a choice of dressing with the salad - ginger or sesame. I had the sesame and it was to die for! I am going to check whether they sell this by the jar, and if so, I'll definitely buy some. The food wasn't anything amazing (I thought it was the same quality you get at any generic Chinese place), but perfectly fine.

I probably wouldn't go back and eat in the actual restaurant, just because of the generic chain feel of the place. But the pick-up at the bar was easy, the staff was friendly, and it was pretty decent Chinese takeout. I'll definitely do it again!
Great fresh food as always. Maxwell was a great server :) will be back!
I have been to this location maybe 3 times in the last 4 years; PF Changs is just okay to me.

I went to this location for lunch with some co-workers yesterday.  Before taking our order, the waiter advises us to try things that sound gross because he says things that sound gross for Chinese food are good, and things that sound good we will send back to the kitchen.  ????  

I order some Moo Goo Pai chicken and shrimp.  He asked me if I ordered that because it sounded good.  ????  

I told him of course I did, why else would I order it.  He told me that it was bland ?????  

I told him that would be fine.

He was correct, it was bland, but nothing a little chili oil they have on the table could not solve.  

Nice lunch specials here...it does not join the rotation for lunch but it might be good to go here once and a while; the server may be entertaining.
My first time eating at a P.F. Chang's so I don't really have anything to compare this location to.  I can say that I did enjoy my meal as well as the atmosphere.  Will return!
Great gluten free menu

My husband and I eat here often because I'm gluten free and this is my only safe choice for gluten free Chinese food, but also because we're addicted to the Singapore Street Noodles. My non gluten free hubby loves the gluten free version more than the regular version. PF Changs uses different plates for gluten free dishes, they are round and have PF Changs China Bistro printed on them, this is to guarantee that gluten free orders are in fact delivered to the right people. I appreciate the extra step big time!

We always get a bowl of egg drop soup to share, my husband orders the Northern Style Ribs (not gf because they are marinated in regular soy sauce although they offer a gluten free version of the soy sauce they don't do the ribs that way), then we get the Singapore Street Noodles and Combo (chicken and pork) gluten free fried rice. Service is always good at this location and for the last 4 years we've almost always had the same server if we go in at dinner time. We always do call ahead for seating, unless you go in at lunch I strongly recommend it. 

Food is great, now I'm craving it again... Stupid appetizing review.
This particular PF Chang's is one of the best I have been to. They are always on time, food is very predictable and the employees are friendly and good customer service. Best one in Las Vegas.
Second time at PF Chang's in Vegas, having been to the off-strip location before and liked it. This one in Summerlin has a nicer atmosphere and of course the food is no different. I come here principally for their gluten-free options, which are fairly priced, and taste as good as the regular fare. It's great to be able to eat good food and not have to worry about whether the restaurant will be able to cope with my requirements!

They also have a great drinks menu. My only complaint was having to wait 20 minutes for a table, even with a reservation. I'm sure I'll be back though!
Great food and good service. Try the spring rolls!! The temperature was a little cold inside for the afternoon, so you might want to bring a sweater.
This was my second time going to PF Chang's although I know it's been in town for years.  The lunch menu is inexpensive, has tons of options and comes with salad or soup.  What I have been most impressed with is their wait staff.  The first time we had a very hospitable blond southern girl and the second was a (I think) southern guy with weird earrings.  These were two of the best waiters I've had in a LONG time.  They were unbelievably good.  They're a big factor in why I'll be coming back for awhile.
This makes me want to travel to the South.
Aubrey did a awesome job!  We had tons of refills on our diet coke and she got our Salmon order perfect with extra extra sauce like we love it!!  Love the red velvet dessert it is worth the calories!

Even the managers pitched in to make sure all her tables were attended to!!
We just went here again and had Cody wait on us and no matter what we order it is always excellent and consistently awesomeness.  The managers there really make the difference if the staff is slammed they seem to pick up the slack so that they can accommodate any super busy times and we appreciate it.  That extra refill on my diet coke is always super appreciated!!
All P.F. Changs are pretty much the same: good food, but slow and/or retarded service.

First, the food. I honestly didn't like the food when I tried it years ago for the first time. Then I discovered that at this restaurant, you really have to order different dishes on every visit to break down what you like and don't like. My favorites are the Crispy Honey Chicken and the Mongolian Beef. Shockingly, I don't eat green beans, but I do like the Crispy Green Beans appetizer. Everything is better when fried! Also, brown rice is an option without an extra charge, yay!

As I mentioned, service is slow. If you plan to dine in, be prepared to stay for like an hour and a half. If you need to get in and out quick, you MIGHT have better luck with take out/curbside pickup. Remember, I said MIGHT. This location can get pretty crowded for dinner on a weekday. We came here during the middle of the week. The parking lot was packed and although there were many people waiting to get a table, we were seated within a few minutes.

What really annoyed me was my last visit. I called in my order for curbside pickup. 30 minutes later, I parked in one of the curbside parking stalls. I waited about 5 minutes before an employee ran to my car. She greeted me, repeated my order back to me, I confirmed it, and gave her my debit card. A few minutes later, I got my food and started to drive back home. As I was at a red light, I peeked in the brown paper bag and noticed that they forgot to give me my 2 boxes of white rice. Grrr! Pulled a U-Turn and drove back. Luckily, I wasn't too far away at the time. When I got there, I didn't see any employees in the curbside area, so I called the restaurant. Hey, they are the ones that forgot my rice, so I wasn't going to get out of my car! The first person I talked to transferred me to the hostess. The hostess then transferred me to take out. Then take out transferred me to curbside. WTF? I told the last guy on the phone that I was missing my 2 boxes of white rice, I drove back and was parked in a curbside stall and asked if someone could run it to my car. He said "Let me see what my manager can do for you" and put me on hold. A few minutes later, dial tone. Really?? Right when that happened, the curbside employee who helped me earlier came to my window and said "Was something wrong, ma'am?" I told her I was missing my rice, she apologized, and  finally gave it to me. 

Lesson learned. Always check your bag before you leave. But still. This isn't McDonalds for crying out loud! Its their job to make sure all the orders are correct! I did call back later that night to speak with a manager about how unorganized they were and how much of my time they wasted because they couldn't do something simple as double checking the orders. She apologized and did send me a $10 gift card in the mail, which was nice of her. I do like the food here so I will be back. Hopefully things will run more smoothly the next time around.
My dining partner was the less-adventurous type, so I reluctantly agreed to meet here for dinner.  We had lettuce wrapped chicken (over salted), stir-fried spinach (careless presentation - bland & uninviting) and pork lo-mein (edible, but not memorable).  P.F.Chang is for the 'pedestrian' Chinese food diner.  Having lived and traveled in Asia for 30 years, it will be a while before I return to P.F.  Too many solid alternatives in the Spring Mountain area, like Asian BBQ & Noodle on Jones.
This would have been a four star review if they wouldn't have saved the day, literally. 

Ordered take out, since we are now obsessed with their honey shrimp, brown rice, lettuce wraps and broccoli and beef. Not the cheapest but we get quality food and that's what we appreciate. 

Sitting in take out my car battery died. Crapola, just my luck. No jumper cables. So I called a near by yelp friend.. Shout out to Liz R! Anyway, her cables were too short and of course to remedy that problem we would have to ask a pf change customer to stop eating and move their car, no thanks, that's rude and I would never interrupt their meal for my convince. The take out lady was nice enough to bring my daughter a drink, bring me her jumper cables from her car and help us start it. For some reason it still wasn't working, just clicking. She asked her manager to come out and have a look. He did, or well I thought it was the manager, he never gave us his name. Long story short he wiggled stuff around, gassed it a bit. And boom it worked. By the time I got home my food was luckily still warm, 

Thumbs up to pf changs for the amazing help, I would have been stuck without you because AAA wait time was one hour and my husband was 40 minutes away.
As far as chain restaurants go, Chang's is pretty good. Of course, that's not saying a whole lot.

The one item on the menu really worthy of praise is the Oolong marinated Sea Bass. When prepared properly it's delicious, but even this dish can be hit or miss. The first few times I tried it the fish was perfectly seared, crispy on the outside and buttery soft in the center. The last time I ordered the Sea Bass, it tasted so different... almost like it was steamed instead of seared. Not crisp, just sort of mushy. 

The rest of the menu items I have tried have just been alright, not bad but not great. Lettuce wraps were a bit bland, spare ribs were rubbery, egg rolls were mediocre.

The servers mixing up their own style of sauce can be fun, the new mini desserts are a nice touch, there's a full bar. The Vietnamese crab salad is good, I think it is a seasonal irem.

Overall there are just so many better, authentic options in Vegas.  My advice, get out and explore.
I love the food and atmosphere, the price is a little up there (my boyfriend and I spent $50 for two plates of food, an appetizer and two soft drinks). My biggest thing is how good their gluten free menu is. It's something I always have to look out for, having celiac. I got the mongolian beef, and egg drop soup. They were so fantastic and flavorful, but again the prices were a little much. The atmosphere is quite dark (soft lighting) and warm feeling, with ancient chinese themed decor I assume. There are little statues and decorations that are very interesting and nice to look at. The plates that are square are used specifically for gluten free dishes. And the noise level is usually pretty good. It's worth it for a night out :)
This place is ok but it's always packed and the wait times can be nuts. Food is good but won't rush back- I like then orange chicken.
Bad.  Will never come back.
Service was horrible.  Had to ask for refills and chopstick to eat.
Food not great.
Dessert awesome.  But we are here to eat dinner, not dessert .
What can I say? It's P.F. Chang's. The food is delicious but the quality of the food is pretty mediocre. I usually regret eating here the day after, but it's so delicious at the time! The best thing they have going for them is the online ordering with curbside pickup. I can place my repeat custom order in a couple clicks, drive up to one of the curbside parking spots for pickup, and they come to me with my food very quickly. 

The service here has always been very good, and the gluten free menu is pretty large so I can convince myself that I'm sticking with my Paleo diet even though I think we all know cavemen didn't have Chinese takeout. (One could also make the argument that P.F. Chang's doesn't have Chinese takeout either...Bazinga!)
I was excited to eat here but the service was horrible and I needed to keep asking for water refills. But the food was pretty good.
I've always liked it here, but the last few times it feels like everything is SO damn salty! 
Soups are always good, as well as tier chicken wraps. As for their entrees, way too salty. We ended up not being able to eat one of out dishes because of how it tasted :(
Such a shame.
I'm really disappointed in this place.
They are always so busy, it takes forever to get a table.
But what really upset me is the time I called in a to-go order on a Sun night around 7 pm. When I called in the order, they said it would take 25 min. 
So when I arrived at the restaurant 25 min later, (btw I waited by the to-go register for at least 5 min without even being acknowledge by any of the staff) I was told that the order just went in and it would take another 40 min. So I just cancelled my order and walked out.
If they would've just told me on the phone when I called in order that it would take an hour, I would've been ok with that. I could've waited at home for an hour doing something worthwhile instead of wasting my time waiting at the restaurant. But they lied and said it would only take 25 min.
It's too bad their service is horrible because I like their food.
I will NOT be going here again.
SNOOZEFEST....  Typical chain food .   Just the average of average.   There are so many choices in Vegas I'm kind of surprised so many people go here.   Yawn.
Love this place!!! Oolong sea bass & mongolian beef is to die for! We had the best service from nicholas!!!
Great happy hour prices... happy hour food lettuce wraps and ribs are very tasty.. large portion enough for 2 to share.  Very busy during happy hour.
All I can say is there is no better Chinese food in the country. Try the shrimp and candied walnuts.
Food is good in general, but the time it took to get the food was exceptionally long. The child in the booth next to us was crying because she was so hungry and it just took too long. I know thing happen sometimes... But after waiting 30-45 min we got a "hey, thanks for your patience" and that's about it.
Todd the manager and our server Tara were awesome!!! There is mistake on our order but they comp us the wrong order and sent us another full order to go without charging us. Our bill did not reach the 40$ limit for us to use our coupon but they still used it anyways towards our bill.. So basically we had 2 Mongolian beef orders, lemonade, lo mein, calamari, rice, and our banana fried dessert all for 16.09$ u can't beat that and the service is good, Tara kept checking on us, even though we have to wait for awhile with our food it's totally worth it.. I love this of chang's very good service! And Todd is such a good example to their employees by helping them with the orders, cleaning table.. And checking on customers!!! More than 5 stars!!!
Was greeted, and seated promptly, The server, Liz came right over, took our drink order, and gave us menus. We ordered the special dinner for two.  The soup were good. Spare ribs  excellent. Mongolian beef was fine.  The honey shrimp was very disappointing.  They very tiny and tasteless. It is a shame they did not use nice sized shrimp.  If it were a $3.95 dish, I could see that, but for $15.00 grossly overpriced..
The dessert Teramisu, was excellent. Service and timing were very good.  A nice experience.
So it was 10 pm when we walked in & were seated so this is probably why our service was great seeing as other others on here say their service was horrible. Amazingly this location is open til midnight!

Drinks, appetizers, entree, dessert & check came one after another in a timely matter! Our server was great & personable. The food (like always) was amazing!

Will continue to eat at any location P.F. Chang's offers!!
The waiters and hosts are very nice and cheerful, the presentation of food was beautiful but sadly the food didn't taste as good as it looked. Not to mention, the rice was cold and dried out instead of warm and fluffy. Sorry!
Always great.  Orange chicken with fried rice, and Im in heaven!
Pretty Tasty!!  I loved it!  A little on the pricey side, but overall we enjoyed it.  We had a nice evening, nice atmosphere, looks kinda slow for them perfect for us :D.  awesome waiter "David", good service answering all our questions .
 The food was full of taste, and  I definitely will come back soon!  We put in a good word for the restaraunt, and the waiter.
That definitely makes a big difference!  Way to go
Its funny how people gives 1 star just because "ohh i think my soup is not the same today " ....    Keep it up guys!
If u want try some delicious Chinese food, try this place, I'm pretty sure everyone knows about PF CHANG's.  Love the spot, great service, great food, not too expensive but the atmosphere is pretty chill. Music choice can be better. But overall it's a great place to have meetings, Dates or just to grab some quick lunch on Ur lunch break.
This place is so good. I haven't been happy with Pei Wei lately yet Chang's is consistent. Sometimes I go inside but lately I have been using their curbside to go. You can call in your order or order online like I do. Compared to other places that offer curbside Chang's has it down. I'm never left waiting passed the promised pick up time and the person bringing out the food is courteous and goes over the whole order ensuring it's all there. 

The pork fried dumplings are super bomb. Great flavor and highly addicting. Chicken lettuce wraps from here are some of the best I've had. I change up between a few different beef dishes but it's always something spicy, beefy, tasty, and over white rice. The portions are good and vary like price depending if it's from the lunch or dinner menu.
Not too good.  Very sweet and the price is very outrageous.   Pf hangs because it left me hanging.  Waitress was awesome though. Steph....
Wonderful place! Always good food and service.
Me: Just not great. Everything is crunchy and/or sweet, thereby making it palatable to 99.9% of Americans. For real Chinese food, not to mention money and effort, we eat elsewhere. 

Him: Eccchh! The food is not so good. They use too much oil and you burp a lot after you eat there. There are no Chinese people.
This is better then average Chinese food prepared for an American palate. Most everything is good. But, it's all a bit too salty. So I get everything with the sauces on the side. We usually order the Ahi Tuna Wasabi salad. If you want to stay in the suburbs and same some decent Chinese, this is a good option.
I would not suggest "Curbside to Go". More than once they screwed up my order. Never have I ever received two sauces for my wraps even if I ask for them twice. Your lucky if you get one container half way filled of sauce. I had one employee tell me the lettuce wraps didn't come with sauce nor included the actual lettuce. Never any napkins or customer service. I would be happy if just once they got my order right. For now I learned my lesson.
I went to dinner tonight and had some very delicious food. Our waiter was very polite but didn't show up enough to refill my water. 
But other then that, the food was great and tasty, and had ok prices. If your hungry for Chinese, this is not a bad place to go. People there are very friendly!
Why do people automatically assume that if a restaurant is a chain, the food is going to be somehow lacking?  PF Chang's Asian fusion cuisine proves it is possible to be a chain and still make great tasting food.

Good atmosphere, tasty food.  Best choices are the chicken lettuce wraps, hot and sour soup, and their signature dishes. It's on our list of regular favorites.
Come on guys... we LIKE your restaurant - but, when you blow it - you're champs?  GLUTEN FREE is an issue for many people these days regarding diet - so are allergies.  You have been good about this from time to time but there is NO MENU POLICY - store wide?  Today I spent a good but unnecessary dollar and your staff/mgmt/cooks were NOT WILLING to adjust the menu and it wasn't that busy - LAZY as far as I could see.   I'll wait till you have a new menu and an ad saying you care about the GLUTEN FREE movement?
This place is a good, quick restaurant with nice decor. The one major thing I like about PF Chang's is that they ask about allergies. I, personally, have a food allergy and appreciate that they inquire about such. That little detail sets them apart.
As a chain, PF Changs is reliable, you always get what you expect and we've been to a few locations around the country.

Love this place for happy hour, though this location can get very busy. We love the pork dumplings, salt and pepper prawns, spicy green beans, shaking beef. Really never had anything there that wasn't good. Love the fixins they bring to make a spicy sauce, but I love to make my own. Service here is always good.
SInce I don't have time to cook, and I live in a culinarily challenged district - I signed up to Sunfare Family Dinners. My hopes weren't too high, as I have sampled many different food delivery services, and have always been left disappointed. But, from the beginning Sunfare was different.  

The Family Dinners are essentially one entree and four sides. I was shocked when I saw the portions, and how monstrous they were. It is delivered daily, so when Wednesday rolls around i am not eating food that was prepared on Sunday.  Major Plus.  The food is organic, prepared in a healthy manner, and more importantly SUPER tasty.  You can customize to the Nth degree with these meals, their client web site is easy to use, and allows for simple maintenance of your menu.  You have over 50 entrees to choose from on any given day (with surprise gourmet specials thrown in weekly), and you can mix and match the side dishes until your heart is content.  There are hundreds of side dishes; organized in categories like : Vegetables, Fruit, Carbs, Salads,  Appetizers, & Desserts. Each category is customizable daily! 

We are a family of 3, and we choose the 2 serving portions and it is still enough for lunch and dinner for all of us.  The leftovers are insane, and I am always giving food away to my friends.

Being a procrastinator - when something important isn't getting done, you can bet I am sitting in the corner of my house monkeying with my Sunfare menu.

The best part is the incredible, almost insane value. For a whole entire week's worth of food - delivered daily, the price tag is $200 a week.  If you shop for your family, you will know that you cannot possibly get organic delicious ingredients for a hearty lunch and dinner for a whole week at that price.  

I have nightmares about them raising their prices...

Highly, highly recommend.
This place has changed my life! We order several times a week, and it's heavenly. I've already referred several family and friends, who are equally thrilled with the service. Great value, delicious food, tons of variety, and appealing presentation. Totally exceeded my expectations!
OK, so I am not going to lie, when I first signed up for the program I thought it wasn't going to be anything more than a glorified TV dinner delivered to my door every day but boy was I wrong! They were actual, freshly made meals that tasted great! I signed up for the select diet, 3 meals and 2 snacks were delivered to my front door every night for the following day. I loved the fact that you could log into the website and choose your menu, they had so many different options.
         In the past two weeks I have tried quite a few meals and snacks. My favorite for breakfast was the whole wheat blueberry pancakes, they were nice and fluffy and the blueberries added just enough sweetness. For lunch I would have to go with the open faced french dip sandwich, the roast beef was super moist and it had just enough cheese and bread. The grilled tri-tip served with a side salad was my favorite dinner, the tri-tip was cooked perfectly and had a really mild horse radish sauce that went with it great. As for the snacks my favorite mid day snack was the sliced honey turkey with fresh fruit and the fudge brownie was amazing for dessert.   
         Overall I would have to say that I was very impressed with the not only the quality and freshness of the meals but also the great organization the company had, they made it very easy to choose my meals and I never heard the delivery man at night which was nice especially since we have a dog. I would definitely recommend Sunfare to anyone who wants to have good quality meals delivered to them without having to put much effort into it. They are able to work with your meal plans and your budget, the staff is very friendly you can call or email them with any questions you have. I hope everyone ENJOYS!
Ok, I thought this would be a poor-to-middling service but I HATE to cook so I thought I'd try it for a week. I am a picky eater and too busy to do more than stuff a few snacks in my face in lieu of lunch. But I thought the convenience would outweigh any quality issues.
Now, I just want to say to you: **SIGN UP TODAY**! I selected only lunch and dinner and I cannot WAIT for my meals! They are fresh, tasty, varied and just simply great. I LOVE that my food shows up every day like magic and I LOVE that the food is so good. I cannot think of any negatives, except that it took a couple phone calls for them to figure out where to pick up/drop off the freezer bags. I call, I speak to a person. I go online, I update my menus. This business concept is brilliant, user-friendly and works perfectly. And the food is great... I never expected that, I had hoped for edible.
Give it a try!
Just got done last week with the Sunfare Optimal cleanse.  The program was easy to follow and not as difficult as I expected.   The food and shakes were enjoyable!   I mixed the shakes in the blender with ice and water and a little stevia and cinnamon and they were satisfying.   I lost exactly 10 lbs in the 10 days as claimed and I did not start out needing to lose any more than that.  Great program for those looking to drop the last 10 stubborn lbs or for those looking to get a quick jump start on a longer weight loss plan.  Thanks Sunfare for offering this great program.  I am now committed to remaining caffeine and gluten free thanks to your program!
I do not cook - as you can see from the amount of reviews I write on Yelp.  But know i need to lose 20 lbs, and I saw a segment about Sunfare on ABC15 news one night and looked them up and then I tried them and the rest is history.
I do the weekly plan, as i like the flexibility of being able to cancel a dinner, if I have evening plans, rather than having to cancel the whole days meals like you would have to do on the monthly plan, and I am only doing Monday-Friday, but am thinking of doing all 7 days as the food is so awesome, I really don't want to go out anywhere.  

So I get 3 meals and 3 snacks - don't be fooled by the snacks, they are not power bars, I have mini pizza bites this afternoon to look forward too, I have had mixed nuts, cherries and a turkey patty - you never know what might be in there (but you will never get something you don't like, as you fill out a dislike list online before you start the service), but I had not had a power bar yet.

The meals really are gourmet - I was not expecting that - I was thinking more TV dinners - but this is high quality stuff; hence the not wanting to go out anymore.  Everything has been excellent, very fresh, the fruit awesome, great variety.  I really have not eaten so much food in a day before - the difference is this is the right food in a balanced way - you will never be hungry or experience cravings and the benefit, you lose weight !

Now, I will warn you, if like me, you ate a lot of carbs before (and I mean bad carbs, not the good carbs that Sunfare are going to give you), you are going to go through a little bit of carb withdrawal for a couple of days, as your body will be going "what the hell, where did all my carbs go, whats with all this healthy stuff that I need to process in an efficient way?", but I promise you that will pass and when it does you will feel great and full of energy, don't give up doing the couple of crappy days that you body tries to persuade you that it prefers junk !

It is a little pricey, but with no shopping, no gas, no eating out, no tipping, no waste (when you overbuy at the grocery store) , it is a good investment.
I've had the pleasure of having Sunfare deliver food to my home for over a year now and they deserve a write up.  When I first started Sunfare I thought I'd give it a try for a month because of the cost.  I wanted to know there was value to what I was paying for.  Before Sunfare I ate out a lot and ordered a lot of fast food.  I did it out of convenience so I thought Sunfare would be a good idea because it was even more convenient.  I soon realize that Sunfare was more than just convenient.  It was also healthy and delicious.  More so than most places I've eaten before.  My wife and I don't cook and when we went grocery shopping we'd end up wasting most of the grocery items because we never got around to cooking it and end up wasting a ton of money by throwing food in the garbage.  With Sunfare we never have to worry about throwing away wasted food.  So is Sunfare a good value?  Yes, it is!  No more wasted food and no more going shopping for food and no more spending time in the kitchen making inedible meals.  Sunfare is a great value if you take all these things I mentioned in consideration.  Oh and besides that my wife and I have lost weight eating these low fat meals they put together.  I highly recommend them.
Absolutely love Sunfare!! I am on day 3 of the 5 day optimal cleanse and already down 5lbs. The program is so easy to follow and the food tastes great! I would definitely recommend to anyone considering a cleanse or meal delivery program.
Literally can't live without my sunfare.  Not only is the food amazing, I have more time in my day.  No groceries, cooking or clean-up... Awesome!!!  A must try
Easily the best pizza you can have delivered in Madison.  Go all traditional if you like and get your standard sausage & mushroom pizza that you always order (and then proceed to the standard missionary-style sex).  However, Glass Nickel's specialities are where they shine.  The Cardiac Arrest, the Fetalicious, and the Santa Fe are some of my favorites.  Sandwiches and salads too if pizza isn't your bag.  One downside: every once in awhile you'll get a pizza that's pretty sub-par.  However, I think that's part of any pizza delivery experience.
Feta-freaking-licious. Holy shit. That's all I can say.
Yeah, I like Glass Nickel pizza.  Props for the biodiesel delivery truck, too.  I love their fetalicious pizza, that's a winner for sure.  The thing is, every single time (and I do mean EVERY SINGLE TIME) the service has been sheee-ite.  If you want to eat at the east side location, make sure your calendar is free because it will be a while before someone deigns to wait on you.  And never, ever, ever sit at the bar to order food.  It is like some sort of invisibility cloak comes over you and no one can see you there, just waiting.
best delivery pizza you can get in madison - i LOVE the ranch pizza with bacon and chicken.  but it is a splurge...not your $5 papa johns deal.  definitely worth it if you're in the mood for great pizza.
The vegetarian pizza was amazing.  We had a 14" pizza with a beautifully small price tag.  Yum!
i knew glass nickel when it only existed on atwood where there are now condos and good n' loud. their salads used to be so big that they'd have to tape the plastic clamshell "bowl" together to prevent spilling!

alas, with all things come change. the salads we got last night were pitifully lacking in lettuce, and i could tell they've taken to watering down the caesar dressing (it's the only dressing that isn't yet in a pre-sealed packet). i asked to throw some anchovies on my small acropolis, cuz i'm a savory gal, and i got a disgusting amount of them. there were like 20 of them swimming around the feta chunks.

their 'zas are great, i've been hooked on the mediterranean and fetalicious in the past; they also have a shrimp po' boy that'll do in a pinch.

if you call at 10 or later on a friday, expect to wait. that goes for any delivery in the city of madison; it's unreasonable for anyone to expect immediate service when /everyone/ expects immediate service. however, they're trained to say it'll be 45 minutes to an hour, and they almost always show up in under 30.
FETALICIOIUS.

That is all.
Yum. . . it took me a while to try their pizza (they don't deliver to my house!) and everyone kept telling us the Fetalicious was the best - and I can honestly say that it is. It was the first we tried and although we've tried a few other varieties - its the one we mostly order (plus sausage please). Very good and very worth the drive in our case.
Grade: C+

Surprisingly decent. Fantastic martinis make this food taste better.
Decent pizza, nothing to cheer about.  Other menu items are very good.  Have been there four times and our first visit was terrible.  When we complained to the manager about the brain dead  server he offered a free meal but did not apologize for the idiot who ruined our meal.  You can skip this place and go to Ian's instead.
I've had Glass Nickel for take out several times and just recently ate at the Atwood location.  As mentioned in other posts, the feta pizza is the signature pie, but Glass Nickel puts together other good pizzas, both from their deluxe selections as well as made to order.  Ingredients are fresh, and the pizza is tasty and well done overall.  Check out their website for coupons.

I would rank Glass Nickel as occupying the space between your standard pizza place and gourmet-style pizza (do those exist in Madison?).  So next time you feel like heading over to Little Caeser's for their $5 Hot n Ready, spend a few more bucks and pick up something you'll appreciate more.
I love Glass Nickel! In my opinion, this is the best pizza in Madison. They're def better than Ian's or Roman Candles. I've eaten at the Atwood location, and the late night service was great. My friends and I shared a pizza and pitcher of beer and good conversation. We didn't order anything other than beer, but the place has full bar, and I heard that the downstairs bar get quite funky (in good way) on some occasions. It's a good place to hang around on the east side.
The BEST in Madison! I like to stick with the peperoni and sausage but when I'm looking for a different taste I like the spinach feta pizza with sausage. Good delivery speeds too! I've also enjoyed the chicken cordon pizza and sub. :)
My favorite Madison pizza.  I generally got it delivery, but eating in at the East Side location is fun, too.  They're open late, deliver late, and you can't beat the Fetalicious pizza.
I'm surprised I haven't eaten Glass Nickel Pizza more...given that I used to live a block away.  I've only eaten in once, but gotten carryout numerous times.

Decent pizza(Fetalicious is the top choice), but nothing amazing. It just doesn't stand out to me. I'd chose Roman Candle over GN any day. Better pizza, and better atmosphere.
This place ain't a continual Madison Favorite for no reason.

The pizza is swoon inducingly good.  My default favorite is the Fetalicious (because, let's face it, I would just eat buckets of feta morning, noon and night, if it wouldn't kill me).  I've tried multiple others, which have been noteworthy (Margherita, Cheesasaurus, Vegg Out, Bacon Cheeseburger, and Mediterranean), and one that was not-so-noteworthy (the Thai Pie).  Just this weekend, though, I tried their Deluxe.  Oh, my.  I think we might have a contender for New Favorite Pizza.  So very, very delicious.

I've had their Mediterranean Lasagna--delicious.  Fish Fry?  Surprisingly awesome!  Chicken?  Also good. 

Problem?  Their subs.  Ick.  Do yourself a favor and get a sub from...well, just about anywhere else.

Delivery almost always takes at least an hour, so, if you're nearby and hungry, just pick it up.  Pick up times are usually 15-20 minutes.

The Atwood Ave. location is really great to visit and dine in.  The other locations, not so much.
Tasty, quick, and cheap.  What more could you want?  

To be fair, the only pizza I've tried is the much-acclaimed Fetalicious, but this is more than enough to keep me coming back.
I recommend the Mediterranean and Thai pie. It's the best pizza that I've had in Madison. The place is cozy, the service is fast other than the delivery. It's a bit pricey but it's worth every penny!
My wife and I lived in Chicago for several years, so I have to give the Pizza 4 stars, however, Glass Nickel is the best pizza in the area and the service is 5 stars.  The pizza is always hot, the people on the phone and the delivery men are always very polite, and they rarely exceed 45 minutes to deliver.  Glass Nickel will always be our first stop for our pizza needs.
I concur with the other reviewers.  Great Madison pizza place.  The actual restaurant is quite nice, with a bar and a snazzy interior.  Not at all like the kind of red and white check tablecloth pizza joint that you grew up with - with hot peppers and parm shakers on the table, garlic rolls, and big floppy greasy pies, pastas, etc.  

 Open very late, so you can order from the full menu until 12:30 every night of the week.  

I would warn that my experience with their meatball sandwich was not good.  It was a very small and dry little thing - not at all worth 7 bucks.  

We liked the Ravioli though.  All pasta dishes come with a generous salad and a slice of garlic bread - all for about 8 dollars.  

We liked the Nickel Nugget appetizer.  These are small bits of fried pizza dough, covered with lots of parmesan cheese.  This was probably our favorite part of the meal, and the portion is big enough to make you both not really want dinner.
Pizza here is most definitely a step up from some other places around, price wise it's a step up too. They have a big selection of "unique" pizzas, think Thai food on a pizza, most of which I've found to be a one off thing, but still interesting. I'd rather give this place a 3 1/2 but perhaps I'm just spoiled, haven't ordered from a different pizza place in probably almost a year.
Excellent pizza--moderately thick crust, just the way I like it, and a wide variety of toppings.  The signature pizzas are generally really good, but you can also build your own; after a long period of getting the Sacre Bleu, I started doing my own modified version with chicken instead of Canadian bacon.

They offer online ordering if, like me, you kind of hate talking to strangers on the phone.  Since I started using it, I've gotten some pretty nice email coupons.  They also used to offer like a 5% discount for paying cash; not sure if that's still in effect.
First of all, I love the designs on the counters  made out of nickles.

Being from Massachusetts, I came out to visit friends and I was told I had to try cheese curds.. I was told they were squeaky cast offs in the cheese making process.  I was hesitate but when in Rome... So we went to Glass Nickel Pizza Co and ordered the fried cheese curds.  If you are going to try something you are unsure of, why not deep fry it?

All I can say is, these are amazing. No one mentioned that cheese curds, even cheddar ones, have the consistency of string cheese/mozzarella. So deep fried, it's like little bites of mozzarella stick heaven. Greasy and delicious.

But if you are looking at this, you are probably from WI and know all about cheese curds, so I digress. I also got the Santa Fe sandwich (hold the jalapeno's). Chicken smothered in cheese and bbq sauce with peppers and onions. It's a greasy sub/pizza joint. It's pretty much what you expect, but it's inexpensive and the portions are enough for two people.

That's A-OK in my book.
Quick-n-dirty review: good pizza, good appetizers, cool atmosphere, iffy service, somewhat pricey, and pretty consistent quality.  Beats the chain pizza places, hands down; about on par with other local pizza places.

Detailed review: We've gone to the Glass Nickel several times now, and have had pretty much the same experience each time, so I feel comfortable with the 3-star assessment.

Love the new location, with its dark green walls, high-backed booths, cozy bar, and "pub-like" feel.  During each of our visits, the chalkboard instructed us to "grab a menu and seat yourself" so we grabbed copies of The Isthmus & The Onion, took a menu, and found an open booth.

With each visit, we had to wait a considerable amount of time before a server stopped by to take our drink orders.  On the last visit (9/6/09), our server didn't say "hello" or "how are you" or even ask if we had any questions... she just said, "ready to order?"

The tap beer selection is rather light... not many offerings; the best bet is probably the Spotted Cow, of which I ordered several, while my dining partner ordered Miller Lite (only available in a bottle).  $4 tap, $3 bottle.

We waited about 5-10 minutes; our drinks arrived and before we could order some Nickel Nuggets (deep-fried puffs of pizza dough, dusted in parmesean cheese and served with marinara), our waitress was gone.  Same thing happened last time.... and the funny thing is, the place wasn't busy at all, so I have no idea why they were in such a hurry to "dump and run."

We eventually ordered Nickel Nuggets and our pizza.  We've tried a bunch, and have decided that the Cardiac Arrest w/o extra cheese is our favorite.  

Nuggets arrived after 20-25 minutes, followed immediately by our pizza.  Not good timing - I suspect our 9/6/09 waitress wasn't one of the better ones at the Atwood location.  The funny thing is that other folks arrived after we did, and yet their pizzas arrived before ours did.  More validation that our 9/6/09 waitress wasn't anything to write home about. 

Pizza quality is decent and consistent - we've never had a bad pie from this location.  Toppings haven't been overloaded, at least not in my humble opinion... I've had overloaded pizzas before and agree that more isn't always better.  One major bonus: we've never had a greasy pizza from Glass Nickel - that speaks volumes about quality, as we hate greasy pizza.  

We finished our meal, paid the tab ($42), left an average tip (we normally over-tip, but on 9/6/09 the service wasn't great), and headed home, left-over pizza in tow.  

Summary: Glass Nickel = WIN

Food = 3.75 - 4 stars (consistent & good)
Value = 3 stars (a tad pricey)
Service = 2.75 stars (last visit was terrible; previous maybe 3 stars)
Atmosphere = 3.5 - 3.75 stars

Pizza is a bit "NYC-like" but just different enough to be in a class all its own.  Try the spicy marinara - it's a little bit sweet at first, followed by a little bit of heat that lingers.  Yummy.
Glass Nickel is like an old, reliable friend who's hip, funny and easy on the eyes.  It's a comfy place with good food.

The pizza is quite good -- not the best I've ever had, but it's certainly up there.  Their default pizza has kind of a medium-thick crust, but you can get it thin and extra thin.  The specialty pizzas are pretty incredible.  My favorites are the ubiquitous Fetalicious and the Socre Bleu, but I've tried many of the others and have never been disappointed.  For the build-your-own option, they have a TON of toppings to choose from.  It's also worth mentioning that their regular red pizza sauce is vegan, which makes it easy to build a vegan pizza if you so desire.

Glass Nickel also offers a ton of other non-pizza foods.  My second favorite (after the pizza) would have to be the subs, which are very good but not huge.  Still, half of one is a good meal when I'm not totally starving.  The subs have as many ingredient options as the pizza, making them very versatile.  You can get them hot, cold, toasted or anything in between, really.  There are also salads with similarly huge lists of toppings and different greens to built from.  In addition, there are pastas (passable but not great), some very good appetizers (try the spinach cheese bread!) and some other things (like chicken strips and fish fry) that I haven't tried.  They have some good beers on tap, of course.  The prices are reasonable -- not really "cheap," but still decent for non-special-occasion dining out.

The atmosphere of the restaurant is quite fun, with lots of dark wood and plenty of booths.  I have found it a bit dark in there, but my eyes eventually adjust.  The waitstaff is super friendly.  They play a variety of good music (I've heard everything from Hank Williams to Morrissey).  And they're open really late!  I usually take advantage of that last fact via delivery, which is always friendly and usually takes precisely the quoted 45-60 minutes.  I usually order with their online ordering service, which is really easy to use and great if you don't like talking on the phone that much.

Overall, I would call Glass Nickel one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  It's an easy choice when you want to eat out but can't make up your mind, because it's a friendly and welcoming place with an absolutely huge menu that's sure to please everyone somehow.
I've been here multiple times over the years and have always been satisfied with my visit.

The wait time is around 10 minutes each time I have went (dinner), which is not too bad.  Inside is a great atmosphere for hanging out and enjoying a beer with friends.  They have a decent selection of beer, and a great menu to choose from.  Their specialty pizzas are excellent, and I would recommend the santa fe (bbq chicken pizza).  

If you live in the area, they often have coupons in the mail for 2 14" pizzas (1-topping and a specialty) & a 2 liter of soda for $25 bucks.  That definitely is a good deal to split between 4 friends.
I'm starting, or rather, have been experiencing the "Subway Effect" with Glass Nickel, where regardless of what you get, everything just seems to taste the same. The pizza is good, but it doesn't leave me wanting more. In fact, it's been quite the opposite lately, as we only begrudgingly order from their because it's convenient, not necessarily because it's so good.
If you're looking for something different on a pizza than the standard fare, then look no further! Glass Nickel has some outrageous combinations that all taste AMAZING!! Last time we ordered got the Fetalicious and the BBQ chicken, both are super delicious and must be tried at least once.

And they deliver to most of Madison, so even if you're at home in your pj's there is no reason to miss another night of not having some grade A pizza!
Unique pizzas and awesome crust! The chicken cordon bleu pizza is to die for!
Consistently good pizza.  The Tailgater pizza (brats & sauerkraut) is yummy and a good choice if you're looking for something different.  I also really like The Ranch (chicken & bacon with ranch dressing).

Although a bit skimpy on the toppings sometimes, the flavor is always good, and the service here is always great -- pleasant and attentive but not in your face.
Very disappointing. I ordered delivery -- it took about 30 minutes but they should have taken longer and properly cooked the food. The fried mushrooms were so undercooked the batter was raw and I couldn't eat them. The pizza toppings (Fetalicious) was good but parts of the crust was doughy. Overall, I have had better from Dominoes -- with their new Pacific Northwest specialty pizza.
Best pizza & pizza place atmosphere in Madison.  Drinks are awesome.  Don't order the pasta.  Overcooked noodles taste like snot.
Margin of diminishing returns. It's starting to become like the ex you just keep around for bad sex when you're desperate. It's really not that good on like, second thought.
I love this pizza. It's not the cheapest but I like the flavor. They have inventive combinations and use fresh toppings. It is my favorite Madison pizza.
Glass Nickel serves the best damn pizza in Madison. This place is pretty far from the center of town, and the price of a pie is a little higher than normal, but if you're willing to suffer through that, there's no reason you should order anything aside from Glass Nickel. 

The best thing about Glass Nickel is that there is a massive variety of specialty pizzas to pick from, and that all the different varieties are simply amazing. I have trouble deciding which one to get every single time. 

But of the many kinds, the chicken alfredo stands out as my favorite kind of pizza here so far. Instead of tomato sauce, you get a sweet, creamy alfredo, and it's topped with fresh chicken cooked to that consistency where it's a little black and crisp on the outside, and soft and flavorful on the inside. The mushrooms have a strong and noticeable punch, which is a great breather from all the floppy tasteless mushrooms you'll get on any other pizza. Add a little fresh garlic and spinach to the mix, and you get the perfect novelty pizza.

Also definitely worth a try is their fetalicious, which in many ways resembles your traditional pizza while still offering a unique twist. It comes with all your usual toppings - onion, tomato, mushroom, and then they really zest it up with baked feta cheese and spinach. The feta and spinach make for a great combination that adds a kick without robbing you of the familiar, comforting taste of a good cheese pizza.

Above all, the quality of the ingredients they're using is what makes all their different pizzas taste so good. You know your toppings are going to be fresh when you order from here.
Seriousy!?!?!? Is this really the best pizza in wisconsin? :-( I ordered it in the eve & it was at best "okay". I'm from NY and it's not nearly as good as the reviews have portrayed. For point of reference, I tried the "cardiac arrest" 10" as well as the garlic sticks. Honestly, I'm sorely disappointed.  Had I known it would have been this meehhhh I wouldn't have ordered it.  If this is the best pizza gets in wisconsin or in madison specifically, perhaps one should swear off pizza until they arrive in ny. :-( The best part of the Glass Nickel experience was the speedy delivery. Completely uninspiring
Nickel Nuggets.  Mediterranean Pizza.  Acropolis Salad.  Beer.   All are fabulous and I haven't found a similar joint since moving to Chicago which makes me a little sad :(

One draw back to the Nickel is that it's insanely busy in the evenings.  I never liked having to wait for a table.  And it is a little expensive but the quality is much higher than your average pizza joint so I never minded much.
been gone for years, recently got back to madison.  one of the first things i had to do was get me some glass nickel.  one of the few places i can honestly say was great when i was vegan (veggi-licious pizza...omg...so many veggies) and is, ok i'll say it, even better as a born-again carnivore. any madison-ion i met out in california knew of this place. we would instantly have a bond.  no pizza place i've too in my travels even come close.
I am trying to get over how much I miss this place since I moved. The food was awesome and I recommend the cheese curds because they are the best. The pizza is pretty great, not the best in the world, but pretty great. I liked the atmosphere and the servers were interesting. If I ever get back here, I will order those fried up cheese curds and marry them.
Okay its a pizza, and that means I am going to be tough. However, I think I am getting soft, or its just too cold to be mean. This is not pizza in the sense of NYC or North Jersey pizza. It is pizza in relation to Dominos or Papa Johns, in fact it is better than both and why I gave it three stars. It is a meaty crust and as such, it can handle toppings. The cheese is not a fresh creamy mozzarella or a buffalo mozzarella, it is just the standard pizza chain pizza cheese, rubbery and bland. However, Glass Nickel is a better pizza than those national chains. I would recommend ordering a pizza with a lot of toppings and extra cheese. You will be pleased.
Got this as a delivery while I was staying at the Sheraton in Madison.  I got a calzone and it basically sucked a$$.  My partner liked her pizza.  The salad was totally lame.  Lettuce, and a slice of cucumber.  Ive had much better.
you know it's funny.  I heard people talk up this place a lot and so when I finally did order a pizza from here I was sure looking forward to something amazing.   But it was just regular ol' pizza.  Nothing spectacular at all.
I have a theory.  It goes like this.  There are a lot of people in Wisconsin that have never tasted really good food.  They grew up on pancake mix with Shurfine pancake syrup, margarine, Folger's coffee and/or Sanka, instant potatoes, powdered milk, canned mixed vegetables, Campbell's soup, Kraft mac and cheese, Salisbury steak, wonder bread, Pillsbury muffins, Oscar Mayer hot dogs, and Swanson TV dinners.  So when pizza started showing up on the scene they had never tasted anything like it and were suddenly drawn to it's Italian sausage, crispy dough and oven baked aromas and flavors.  
So now when they see anything that looks like a pizza they think it is good.  If it is round, covered in oil and comes out of an oven they leap on it without even thinking about what they are putting in their mouth.  
 I recently witnessed some friends who bought a pizza from this GREAT AMAZING PIZZA PLACE that when it arrived the entire topping slid off to one side of the crust into a pile of oil and mass of cheese.  They pushed it back into place and then ate it while exclaiming how good the pizza was.  I sort of slunk back and groaned.
So when pizza places actually make pizzas that keep the food in place and don't burn the crust.... well, we actually have something positive happening and give them more kudos.
I am willing to bet that Glass Nickel is popular because they are surrounded by so much mediocrity.
I will try them again sometime and if my experience is better I will update my review.
Glass Nickel is in support of the protests.  I step them up one star along with everyone else I have reviewed that are in support of the protest.  Thanks Glass Nickel!
I really like the pizza from Glass Nickel. I've burnt myself out on the feta pizza over the last few years. But my favorite is probably the couch potato. Mmm. 

I don't care for the Nickel Nuggets. They don't really taste like anything until you dip them in a sauce. At which point... they just taste like sauce.

Awesome part about them is they deliver, they have online ordering, and they are open late.
I need to update this review - I've been back to the Glass Nickel several times since the last write-up, and sadly, I find myself liking the pizza less and less.

Why?

It's become largely tasteless.  The Cardiac Arrest, with it's plethora of sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and other salty meats still holds a special place in my ever-hardening arteries.  But aside from the CA, I've not found a pizza that has any real taste to it.

I've tried the breakfast pizza, the couch potato, the big eddie, the chicken alfredo, the santa fe, and the Thai... and I honestly think they all tasted about the same.  The crust has become overwhelmingly bready and heavy, the sauces nearly flavorless (save for the spicy sauce, which packs a pleasing punch), and the toppings bland.  

I brought a group of friends to the Glass Nickel last weekend and it's probably the last time that I'll be back.  We ordered three pies - the Breakfast Pie, the CA, and the Thai pie, along with Nickel Nuggets, chicken strips, fries, and a bunch of beers.

The CA was the only one that had more than 1 piece taken from it; the Breakfast and Thai pies were left to languish - "no flavor," "too doughy," "what am I eating?" "I can't eat that," were the comments from my friends.  And sadly, I agreed with them.  Worse yet, the chicken strips and fries were demolished - they were the only things that had much flavor to them.  Adding a final dagger was the check - well over $100 for our group of 6.  Yikes.

Service was decent, but the food was such a disappointment.  Glass Nickel, what happened to you?  

Roman Candle remains solid, as does Rosati's (tip: order an extra thin crust from Rosati's - it's phenomenal), so at least I've still got a few decent alternatives to satisfy my pizza cravings.
After reading raving reviews of Glass Nickel Pizza, I have to say it was underwhelming.  I have honestly come to prefer Papa John's.  But then again, I don't eat meat so I wouldn't take this review TOO seriously.  I'm sure their other pizzas are good.
My roommate from last year (who is also from the Chicagoland area) refused to let us order anything from Madison for pizza delivery unless it was Glass Nickel because it was the closest he could get to the pizza back home. He's kind of an elitist pizza snob, but whatevs, I love him dearly even if he's a little bit off on this one.

I've had a few of their specialty pizzas (Couch Potato, Cardiac Arrest, and Cheesasaurus) and meh. I've not been terribly impressed. Certainly, the ingredients and preparation is higher quality than, say, Ian's or Pizza di Roma, but it's not one of those pizza places I order from a lot because: A. it's a little more expensive than I'm willing to spend, and B. it's super dough-heavy.

I don't mind a lot of dough, but I feel like it overcompensates a bit in terms of taste. There's more dough in the flavoring rather than the actual ingredients.

I'd consider giving this place four stars, but as my delivery guy today was nearly a half hour over the expected time frame? Eh, I can't really justify more than 3. Besides, I'm not really that crazy over this place anyways. It's one of those places that if your friends want to go to--fine, but it's not one I'd take on my own initiative except for every once and awhile.
Madison has a ton of places to get pizza but the nickle is where I get delivery from the vast majority of the time.  As a result I have seen some variance in quality over the many orders in particular it is mandatory to order everything well done.  Pizza, fried mushrooms, everything.  Maybe even the salad.  If not ordered well done it will be raw.  I don't know if Madisonians like raw pizza or fried stuff with soft raw batter on it but I do not.
Done. Gross pizza. Shit service. I wonder if this place is capable of hiring people who don't need to schedule work around visits to their parole agents' office. There are at least 15 store bought pizza brands that are better than Glass Nickel. If I had the resources, I would franchise one of my favorite pizza joints nearby, and put Glass Nickel out of business.
Three words: Fried. Macaroni. & Cheese.

Glass Nickel calls these "Little Triangles Of Heaven." I'd say they're spot on! Combine with a bit of hot sauce and this appetizer is divine!

I haven't been able to find these treats anywhere else, nor have I been able to replicate the recipe. (Hey, it can't be that hard: tablespoon of macaroni + cheese + deep fryer)

There is also a full bar at Glass Nickel and it's open late night. If you're looking for good pizza, check this place out. Especially, check out those Triangles Of Heaven.
I brought 7 teenage boys to the University Avenue location; they were patient as we bumbled around deciding what to order, and our food came out quickly.  As always, it was delicious pizza.
I came here from NYC, which has a lot of great pizza options. (They also have a lot of crap pizza, but that's a different story). 

The pizza styles at GNP are too doughy for my tastes, though I recognize that some people like it that way. I was more disappointed in the crust flavor, which lacked the savory taste that I was looking for. There are lots of novelty toppings too, like mac & cheese or french fries and stuff like that. Great quantities of things that seemed to be hiding the lackluster value of the crust underneath. 

I think the oven isn't hot enough, because I didn't see the kind of char I expect on a pizza, and everything on top got very...brown...instead of molten with a charred crust. 

I'll probably try some other selections here but so far, it isn't a match for me.
Delivered in 30 min, not just pizza! Shrimp po boy was great and just discovered the awesomeness called Nickel Bites. Eco friendly cardboard packaging seals the deal
The glass nickel has a great variety of pizza and I can't lie its pretty tasty however; that being said its has two major down falls. The first, plan on a solid hour wait for take out if not longer.( that's with calling your order in ahead of time) The place is always packed! The second is take out your wallet, it's not cheap. For a large pizza plan on at least a $25 spot if not more. They do offer coupons but they are minimal and have declined over the years.
The pizza is quite tasty but I recommend avoiding their bizarre combinations and sticking with standards.  That means, avoid the goat cheese and cranberry sauce pizza and get a pepperoni and sausage.  Their "chefs" have questionable, overly adventurous tastes but their ingredients and pizzas are fresh and yummy when not doused with squid ink and marzipan.  The other tip I will offer is get it delivered.  Their service in the store is dodgy at the best of times and when its busy or any peak mealtime expect it to go downhill fast.  Their delivery service is fast and effective though.
I like glass nickels ground meats. They prepare them from scratch. Their crust was novel when they first opened in the nineties but after many years of eating pizza from the Madison area I now tend to go for either a thinner crispier crust or a full on pastry Chicago style crust. Not a fan of all of the weird pizza combos. 
Love that they have fresh basil and garlic though!
The sausage filled raviolis are excellent!
This place has great pizza, good ambience, and not too shabby of a drink selection. Their pizzas are more "thin" style but focus on the fresh toppings. Typically they offer more vegetable options than other pizzerias. The rotating tap selection is very good for a pizza place. Prices are competitive and they cut you a deal if you order two pies. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the service is usually average and one time i ordered their pizza for delivery and it was pretty cold.
Once upon a time in Madison there were a lot of pizza places.  They all sucked.  Then along came Glass Nickel, they had higher quality 'za with much more variety in toppings.  Yay!

Then after a while they started to suck a bit.  The pizza was always raw.  Always uncooked and white.  Ask for it well done?  75% chance it was raw anyway.  Dough became much more soft and underdone, doughy and rubbery.  Toppings taste cheap.  Salads, gross.  Fried mushrooms, mushy and raw.

It really seems like corners have been cut in the last few years both in quality of ingredients and in the staff. 

There are now considerably better options available (Roman Candle, Ians to name a couple).  So I'm avoiding GN despite having been a fan for years.
Amazing hand tossed crust! The chicken cordon blue pizza is the absolute BEST! Glass Nickel is the one place I HAVE to visit EVERY time I am in Madison!
This has become one of our go-to locations for a simple dinner. I've found that pizza places make the BEST salads, and their greek salad is fantastic. We usually get a couple of salads and an order of 'Nickel Nuggets',(parmesan-coated bites of heaven), and a few drinks. The food is consistently good, service a little less so. We've been there on more than one occasion waiting an unacceptable amount of time for someone to come to our table. Not always, but often enough that it deserves to be mentioned- although we've also had super service as well.
I'm not familiar with the actual restaurant. My review is based on delivery.

On a handful of occasions, I've had pizza from Glass Nickel when delivered to my work for lunch functions. Every time, I can't stop eating. I really can't.

The ingredients used by Glass Nickel truly taste as though they are real ingredients. Real veggies, real cheese. The dough also tastes homemade. I believe the pizzas are from scratch.

I'm not really a big pizza person -- probably because most of my pizza experiences are eating the chewy, icky, greasy Pizza Hut or other chain restaurant pizza. The Glass Nickel Pizza is a pleasant and wonderful alternative to the typical Americanized, cheap-ingredient pizza we are all unfortunately too accustomed to.

Yes, I would recommend this pizza to anyone! And in the meantime, I should really visit the restaurant ...
When I heard about Glass Nickel, it was from my boyfriend, who lives in Madison. (I'm a Milwaukee girl!) He knows I'm a big bloody mary fan and would RAVE about the bloodies at Glass Nickel all the time. My hopes were pretty high when he finally took me there, and I definitely wasn't disappointed. They were excellent!
The breakfast pizza I had was decent, just a little bland. But the pizza menu is huge - including toppings I never would have thought to put on a pizza, so I'm excited to go back and try some different kinds.
It's a small place, so sometimes the bartender is also serving (during lunch hour,s at least) and service can take a while, but the atmosphere was comfortable and the workers have been extremely friendly every time I've gone. Overall, I would definitely recommend it!
Awesome
Dropped into Glass Nickel later in the evening on a recent trip to Madison on the advice of our local friend and tour guide. The place smelled wonderful and I was salivating immediately at the realization that the only thing I'd eaten since breakfast was two fried cheese curds pilfered from my friend's lunch.

We ordered a house specialty Fetalicious pie as well as the current special Gyro pie. I tacked on a Caesar salad as my body was screaming for something green-ish. A pitcher of Bell's Oberon completed the meal.

The food arrived quickly and the pies were fantastic. Anyone who's a fan of feta cheese will eagerly inhale the Fetalicious pie and violently box out anyone else who might go for the last piece. I thought the Gyro pie would be too over-the-top, but the sparingly-added chunks of gyro meat and tzatziki on the side provided the needed balance to make this a somewhat unexpected winner.

One last note which doesn't in any way diminish my review of Glass Nickel: We decided to attend the second of the improv shows taking place down the basement and quickly regretted our decision. I admired the spirit of the two 'actor/comedians' who were up on stage, but they were simply awful and I hurt for them as they struggled on-stage. What's worse, a couple of obvious friends of the performers laughed at an artificially-enhanced volume to make up for the otherwise quiet room. Unfortunately, the only easy way to escape the 'club' is to actually cross the stage (during the 2-3 second periods of lights-out prompts for applause, apparently) which kept us captive far longer than we had hoped. Brutal. I'm sure other shows are better, but it may be best to inquire about who's performing in advance.
Good pizza, ok service.
I've not actually been to the location, but I've ordered for delivery multiple times. The food always arrives hot and delicious, and it is simply the best pizza I've ever had. My only "complaint" is that the sauce is sweeter than I would like, but to each their own. Its still delicious.
Forget the somewhat manufactured-looking decent ratings and do NOT order pizza from this place. As out of towners we were dumb enough to order a pizza and a Caesar salad and were sorely disappointed. 

First off, their website is a complete mess...don't even dream of trying to find their phone number on it, much less the price of a pizza. Second...any place that serves up a Caesar salad with what are obviously bagged chicken chunks, and croutons and dressing that come in packets is NOT a three star pizza place. I mean come on people, Madison is practically a Chicago suburb -- you should know what decent pizza is! Thirdly, if a pizza place knows you are ordering from a hotel and one of the things you are ordering is a salad for two, you'd think a couple of napkins and more than one fork would come with your order. Not a chance!

Now, as to the 'za itself: two words come to mind: Pizza Pit. Yes, the fake cheese, over-sweet cheap sauce, too-thick crust and spongy sausage reminded me of the chain places of my own college youth.  As for the reviews that call the toppings "fresh," how exactly can you tell when a greasy piece of processed meat or a sliver of onion is fresh once it's been in a 500 degree pizza oven?  Give me a break.  

Despite all this, my husband, daughter and I made a meal of it. Later. My husband and I made a meal of TUMS, and as for my daughter? Well, she woke up with a stomach ache and as of this writing, has thrown up three times. Thanks, Gkass Nickel, for ruining the last day of our vacation!
So far, Glass Nickel has the best pizza that I've tried in Madison. They're quick to deliver, easy online ordering, and they notify you via email when your order is out for delivery!

Their menu includes some interesting specialty pizzas. I've tried the Sacre Bleu, which includes canadian bacon, salami, and blue cheese (YUMMO!). I've recently been privy to the Fetalicious. They have a lot of other cool combos that look intriguing.

4 stars because Glass Nickel isn't the most amazing pizza I've ever eaten in my entire life, but it's a great go-to pizza delivery joint!
Glass Nickel now has vegan cheese as a topping option, meaning I can actually order a pizza with cheese in Madison. Pretty awesome.
Best pizza in Madison!!
Atwood location has nice bar, very good beer selection, and great staff!
Nickel used to be amazing.  I don't know if its new management, new cooks, or who is to blame, but the pizza quality has seriously fallen off.  Gave it my last go after a few mediocre pies.  The prices no longer justify the ends.  The wings, shrimp po boy (although not authentic), and fried cod sandwich are pretty darn good.  Nothing to rave about but good enough for a late night order.  The menu is very diverse although I am not sure about the quality of the other items.
I've been eating and drinking at Glass Nickel for many years.  The waitstaff is wonderful, the food is delicious and the drinks are strong.  These days we order delivery about once a week and are never disappointed.  Our order is always received in a much faster time than we expect!
The best pizza I have tasted period. Glass Nickel pretty much ruined me for any other pizza place. I usually order the MEDITERRANEAN  pizza which is my absolute favorite. I also order the spinach cheese bread very often too, its a great deal for $6.25, its more than a meal for me. My husband and I frequently order the cheese bread and a build your own salad. Did I mention there salads are bomb too. They have really unique pizzas you dont find anywhere else. I have never had a bad meal there and there servers have always been knowledgeable, friendly, and fast. glass Nickel must be a great place to work for too because I have seen the same employees there for years.They have an extensive beer selection and have great drink specials as well. One of the places I eat most at.
This review is just about the pizza, not the service or atmosphere, as I have only ordered delivery from this place.

The pizza just isn't that good. They have some topping combinations that are interesting, but I've found that most of them just miss the mark. They end up being crust heavy or topping heavy without much sauce or balance. Their salads are primarily watery iceberg lettuce with a few veggies thrown in. Their salad dressings are bagged and uninspired. 

I agree that the Mediterranean pizza is their best, but it probably the only thing I would eat if I ordered from there again.
Yummy yummy pizza.  Crust is mid range between thin and a thick crust.  Tastes homemade.  My favorites are their deluxe (what can I say, I like classics!) and the Ranch (bacon, chicken, red onions, tomato, ranch sauce).  The latter is simply to die for.  Their regular tomato sauce, which I think is what can make or break a pizza (in addition to the crust) is fantastic.  I will say though, that people seem to LOVE the fetalicious but I think it's gross. Obviously a personal preference.

And this review is for pizza from all Glass Nickel Pizza locations (including Atwood Ave, University Ave, Fitchburg, and Green Bay).  They are all very consistent.
My favorite pizza delivery in Madison. I love that I can order online and get text message updates about when my pizza is being prepared and then out for delivery. They have quite a few vegetarian options, good salads, and even deliver frozen custard!
My favorite pizzas they offer are the ones without pizza sauce, which is salty. Their food tends to be salty (maybe so you buy drinks?), not so much that you think the food is salty in taste, but more along the lines of it makes you thirsty for a long time. I do love their pizza crust; it is toothsome & neither thick nor thin.

The location is clean (dining area & bathrooms) with a casual/family friendly atmosphere; the staff is friendly; the food is good. A solid choice for pizza.
Went here last night after receiving a much appreciated coupon in the mail for $10 off any purchase.  Atmosphere was good, server was very nice, beer/wine selection is decent...most importantly, the pizza was good (but not excellent).  The menus were very sticky and the wine list had some pizza sauce thumb prints all over it....a dirty menu annoys me because if they don't clean what they know you'll see....what else don't they clean.  I hope it was a fluke.  I would like to come back for their trivia so I'll give it another try soon!
After seeing their food decline in quality, I started ordering from here less frequently.  

One night I was craving a salad and went in with a friend.  Before the server even got to our table I could tell from his body language and facial expression that he was less than thrilled.  His tone and language was hostile and rude; actually the worst I've ever been treated in a restaurant.  

There are a ton of restaurants in Madison and I have no desire to spend any of my time surrounded by such hostility and negative energy.  Went elsewhere and had a fabulous night.
Glass Nickle isn't just for pizza.  Try the carryout salads.  Start with any of the listed salads and then customize to your hearts content.  Chef salads are a great place to start.  My son orders the caesar salad adds chicken and is set. The toppings are fresh & plentiful.  Add in your one (or more) of the 15 choices of dressings, croutons, normal or extra amounts, fork or no fork.  Your dinner is sent and is cold, crisp and ready to eat.  
If you order the large expect to eat it for 2 meals.
Service was great! Went around 2 in the afternoon today (a Tuesday) and it was not at all busy. Ben (our server) was attentive yet didn't hover. He kept an eye on my glass and offered a refill accordingly. He also gave a good recommendation on the pizza (Boar's K---?) 3 meats with classic veggies. He also sent a sauce on the side for us to try since the only "dressing" was garlic & olive oil (it was a sauceless pizza otherwise). It was definitely a good time.
Glass Nickel advertises on the key to my hotel room. I ordered a pizza and received an email when my order was placed and when it went out for delivery.  It took 30 minutes from the time it left the restaurant until it arrived at my door cold.  Why advertise when you can't deliver a hot quality product.  Bad for business.
They forgot the buffalo sauce, which made the wings just not the same.  I think they need to be more careful when delivering items without all the requested sides.
Went here with my wife and 2 kids last weekend when we were in Madison.  Server was excellent.  Ordered the Nickel Nuggets to start and they were excellent.  Kids couldn't stop eating them.  Pizza was delicious.  Finished up with the Cinna-nugs for dessert and they were awesome!  Would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for excellent pizza.
We came in to Madison for a family event and after all the flying, driving, and glasses of wine needed pizza so badly.
The pizza was so great and we are now enjoying lunch the next day...
Sacre bleu and fetalicious really was super: not greasy pizza, flavors of the fresh vegetables still in evidence, and just delicious.
I've really never had a bad experience with Glass Nickel. The pizza is always delicious and they have a huge selection of gluten free pizzas to choose from! The variety in types of pizzas you can get here is one of the best parts. 

I have had the thai pizza and breakfast pizza and both are so delicious. The Breakfast pizza is a fantastic hangover cure! Delivery is pretty fast and it always arrives hot. The price is a bit higher than other chain restaurants (Dominos, Pizza Hut) but if you're looking for a good delivery pizza that's not going to bust your budget, this is the place to go.
There are a few Glass Nickel's in the area, but this one takes home the cake! They have the fastest delivery, the nicest drivers and my order has always been perfect! This location also has a bar with lots of local and imported beer, which is a plus! :-)
Improv in the basement!
Oh, pizza is alright too. 
Salads are where it's at for me though, here.
A very nice pizza shop with a lot of great options. I loved the title on the meat pizza "cardiac arrest". Being a vegetarian, I went for the veggie pizza with a lot of great toppings. The sauce on their pies could use some more spice but that is my opinion. I loved that there is 3-4 different crusts to choose from. The thick crust I went with was lovely. Everything tasted fresh and was put together with care.

I had leftovers and I think the flavors got even better after siting a few days. If you love pizza and are in Madison, I recommend stopping by.
Glass Nickel on the East Side of Madison is always good. I use to work there in high school before they branched out so much. It is still has good food and lots of the same menu. Can't complain! Our server was great too!
The pizza is great, but the wings were awful. They give you sauce on the side instead of adding it to the wings..... What's up with that? The place also smells like it's not well cleaned.... It's smells like lingering dirt.
My wife and I stopped in yesterday.  It was nice to be back in the area.  Their pizza is as good as it gets & their salads are awesome too!  I loved the Founder's smoked porter...the scotch ale by House of Brews not so much.  Adam and Dave are uniquely different bartenders, but both kick ass in their own unique ways.  ;-)
I order from here every time I'm in town. One of the few pizza places that still has green olives.
I've been coming to Glass Nickel for years on and off. A lot less frequently since moving away from the area, but I sometimes find myself back here or doing takeout with family members when back in the Madison area. 

I've only tried some of the more traditional pizzas here--my family members don't have the most adventurous palette--but they've all been tasty. I'm a big fan of their thin crust--surprisingly it holds up well to the grease in the pizza and doesn't get too soggy. 

The price isn't too terrible, but it's not anything to rave about. The service is usually pretty standard. They're one of the few places open late in Madison that isn't downtown or a bar, which makes it a good choice for grabbing some late night grub in that city. They also have a cash discount which is pretty cool.
Update based on several recent experiences, both with dine-in and delivery.

+ Delivery is always prompt, friendly, and pizzas arrive piping hot
+ Drivers are friendly and professional

+ The actual restaurant has an outstanding tap beer list. Impressively good, and always changing. Taps are reasonably priced and have accurate descriptions.
+ The dark nature of the interior lends to good conversation with a dining mate, provided there aren't screaming kiddos in the area (like there were during the past two visits)
+ Improv comedy downstairs on Saturday nights
- Imrpov comedy shows sell out quickly, so get there early

I've discovered that the best technique when compiling a pizza order is to go with spicier, more bold ingredients than you might normally choose. There's something about the Nickel's pillowy pizza dough that mutes milder toppings... don't be afraid to go with jalapenos or the spicy sauce. Throw on some bold italian sausage or a tangy feta. It'll make all of the difference.

Going with potato-like ingredients results in the flavorless experience I noted way back in 2010. 

Now that I know the secret, I'm a fan, fo' sho'.
Best delivery pizza I've had since moving from Chicago. The Fetalicious is amazing, and makes me wonder why I don't have feta on my pizza all the time... Delicious pizza for cheap. Awesome pizza joint!
One of my favorite pizza places in town.

Nice chewy crust.
Unique or normal toppings.
Classic pizza place atmosphere.

Try the pizza of the month. It's always good.
Expect to spend about $10.00 per person. Nice food. Filling. Great price.
I went to this Pei Wei a while back. it was crowed and the foods taste good. I stop going there after I saw the bad reviews on TV channel 5 in 2005. There were 8 violations regarding to their kitchen. 

I still like the Pei Wei at other locations though.
The honey seared chicken is particularly tasty and a favorite.
Pei Wei is a family favorite, especially for take out. I can call Pei Wei while I leave the house, order my food as I drive, and when I arrive 9 times out of 10 the food is hot and ready to roll. The food is always tasty and at a fair price. We love it.
To be simple it's a fast version of PF Chengs taste great cost about the same as panda express and everything is made to order fresh definitely worth trying.
Da. Bomb.
I don't know if it's authentic or not because I'm just a white dude from Phoenix. "Pei Wei" could mean "American Sucker" for all I know, but I know it's damn tasty and kids like it too. It's fast and the food always tastes fresh.
I always feel like I am one dinner away from finding something incredible at Pei Wei.  I never feel like I pick the right thing to order.  After all, we stood in a line last night that went out the door.  I thought this might have been free food night but no, it's just a really popular place to eat.  

We sampled the 2 promotional Korean dishes, the Korean BBQ ($8.95)and the Sweet n Sour ($8.95), both served with your choice of either steamed or brown rice.  The food was served fresh and hot but I don't think I would order either again.  Both dishes were swimming in a sugar filled sauce.  Don't get me wrong, I did eat my share of the dishes and did not spit the food out but again, thought I might have ordered the wrong thing. 

The very best part of the dinner was the self serve soda fountain.  Each machine can hold more than 100 soda flavor combinations.  I have been told the new fountain works something like an ink printer with space for flavor cartridges. Each cartridge contains a concentrated formula of ingredients. When you make your selection the fountain mixes your drink making some 100 drink choices possible.  I picked the raspberry Sprite and finally, I think I picked the right thing to order at Pei Wei.
I was excited to give Pei Wei another try after writing it off years ago. I was under the impression that there was a Coke Freestyle machine at *all* Pei Wei's... (not most, lol).. but noo. No such luck. I ordered the Chicken Coconut Curry with brown rice. While I'm not expecting Pei Wei to serve up the most authentic grub, my meal felt haunted by overtones of a Stouffer's TV Dinner, circa 1989. Unacceptable!
This is the Pei Wei location I go to the most and it just so happens to be my favorite as well. Why? Well I will tell you. They have THE best tofu out of any of the locations I have been to. I don't know why the way it is cooked is so much more different here than it is at any of the other locations but for some reason it is. It almost has this crispy texture and is not white and slimy like I have experienced at other places.

I usually either get the Japanese Teriyaki or the Thai Dynamite with the tofu and vegetables and brown rice. My only complaint about either one of these is they don't put more tofu! Occasionally there will be a bit too much sauce and my rice will be swimming in it. There is always a large amount of vegetables that are always crisp and green. 

This place is close to my work so usually when I forget lunch I hop online and order my lunch for the time I want to pick it up, and probably 9 times out of 10 it will be ready before I get there. I don't think I have ever eaten in the actual restaurant before so I can't comment on that, but the take out is fast and efficient. 

See you on my next lunch break!
I don't know why so many restaurants are determined to make me take my takeout business elsewhere, but now Pei Wei is on that list. Maybe people have forgotten what the point of take out is, convenience. Ordering my food more than an hour before I need it, then waiting 40 minutes after the promised time to get it is ridiculous. All the girl taking orders would say is "I'm sorry, I don't know what happened." Perhaps this wouldn't have been so bad if there weren't like 25 other people in the same boat as me...waiting for their takeout. I did notice that there was no back up in the dining area of the restaurant. They were all getting their food on time, eating, and leaving as I continued to wait. I wasn't offered a discount, or a gift card, although I did notice that many people around me had been comped or given a $10 gift card for next time. Apparently Pei Wei doesn't want me to return.  Consider it done, I will be taking my money elsewhere.
This was my first time eating at a Pei Wei and I have to say that it lived up to its expectations. When we first came in the door as saw the long line I was hesitant but the line moved quickly and we were soon seated. The food was fresh and everyone in my party loved what they ordered. I only wish that I had a Pei Wei closer to my house so I could come here more often.
So, Pei Wei is still what it is.... fast food. That being said, I liked this location a lot better than the Guadalupe location. The BF got a gift card for PF chang's, so we decided to get pei wei tonight, as it is cheaper and PF chang's is not so great.... Anyway, I ordered the Chili Ramen and it was one of the better things I have gotten at pei wei. I ordered it extra spicy and it was spicy.... not crazy hot, but it had a little kick. The BF and I shared the potstickers and they were fried to crap.... not my fave. Overall, it was fine, not great, but not bad, which is a plus for this chain.
My kids like that they have the chopstick helpers, most places don't. 
My husband ordered the heavily advertised Carmel Chicken and was less than thrilled.  
The kids meals were big in size, but it was basically all rice.  Very little of the meat and sauce.  
I like it because it's fast, fresh and yummy.
When I need a quick delicious bite to eat, I head out to Pei Wei Asian Diner.  I know that I will get quality food and excellent service.  I love the lettuce wraps here!  The Pei Wei spicy chicken is one of my other all time favorites.  It comes out with just the right amount of crispiness.  I have tried to duplicate this recipe at home and can never get it quite right!  It is much easier to head to the restaurant to have it served to me!  

My food always arrives very warm, and I usually find that this restaurant is clean.  These are two things that are very important to me.

If you have never tried this restaurant, you have been missing out!
I personally love Pei Wei. It may not be authentic but it is delicious!

This location always has helpful staff and consistently well-made dishes. It can be hard to find a table during peak times, but the staff is good about clearing tables quickly. 

I find that Pei Wei offers ample portions (more so when dining in) and quick take-out. You can call ahead or order online. 

I highly recommend honey seared chicken on white rice with extra sauce (no charge). The spring rolls are also a favorite--love that chili sauce!  The only downside to the spring rolls is that they don't do too well after being refrigerated. Eat them while they're still warm!

My parents and brothers are all vegetarians so we always get tofu when eating as a family.  Lately, the tofu at this location has been sub-par.  They don't seem to cook it quite long enough, and that has definitely cut back on the frequency of our visits.  Hopefully this changes, because the tofu here is usually amazing!
Spicy and good. Love the Thai green curry.
Great food for a great value. We come here often and the key is consistency, the employees here have it.
Always good food, affordable and clean. Their new coke machines are min blowing.
I realize this is a chain, but the food is tasty and different for the usual chain fare. A real value
If you want something fast, this might be the place to go.  

Somewhere between fast food and a buffet . . . except you can't drive through and the servings are small and expensive for what you get.  

Food was OK, nothing to write home about. 

Restaurant was clean.  Still on my list, but way down near the bottom with all the wonderful choices the greater Phoenix area has to offer.
This is our go to spot. The young staff here is great and we seldom notice turnover. The food is always excellent and the quality is consistent.  The menu offers great variety with healthy and unique choices. Even if the restaurant is busy with a line hanging out the door, it's still worth the wait (and it's usually a reasonable wait). I love that when the place is busy they'll ensure you have a spot to sit before they take your order. Nice patio seating on the east side of the building.  This is our fave Pei Wei in the area.
Fast service...consistently good food.
Came in looking for something quick but tasteful. Was on a quick lunch date with my girlfriend Jessica A. and Asian was what our taste buds wanted that day. She ordered the honey seared shrimp while I ordered the Pad Thai noodles. Her's was decent to say the least, when I tried it I expected something a little sweeter but her shrimp was rather on the tangy side.  Not sour, just "citrusy" My pad thai was almost on the sour/tangy side when I was expecting something a little spicier and a little sweeter as well. It wasn't bad but it's definitely not the greatest. I'd recommend Pei Wei to anyone that wants a quick taste of Asia but not a place where you go for the full out experience of Asian cuisine.
Stopped in for a quick meal before bowling league that was healthier than fast-food.  The larger percentage of the menu is designated as "spicy" just ask and they may be able to tone it down if you prefer a less bold taste.

Decided on the Spicy Chicken salad with the dressing on the side.  Service was quick and friendly as it usually is here.  My salad arrived as requested with the spicy dressing on the side; however, the chicken and greens were drowning in a cloyingly sweet saute sauce used in the preparation of this dish.  By the time i was halfway through the salad there was nothing left but what can be best described as cabbage soup.  Not sure if this is the usual for this salad or just a heavy-handed use of sauce by the chef.  Either way it's too much. some very good flavors but specify light sauce if you order.

Prices are very reasonable here and there is a good variety of menu items to choose from.  Can get very noisy during peak hours.
Went to pei Wei the other day.  Honestly service always is accurate, quick and efficient.  Food is also good, spicy chicken, honey seared chicken, fried rice all very good... This fast food is so much better than others.
I like their Caramel Chicken. I think its the slivers of cucumber that make me enjoy this dish. It's a little freshness and crunch that adds nice contrast to the sweet fried chicken. Mongolian Beef is pretty tasty also but can be a bit heavy. I've tried a few of their lettuce wraps also which were just okay.
Our food was served Luke warm. The sweet and sour chicken was terrible. I ordered Brown rice which was not cooked completely
Best Asian service around! They make any change I want to my meal with a smile every time. I eat here every week.
I ordered two Pad Thai this afternoon. One for me and other for my 8 year old grandson. I wanted them to be mild. They ended up being extra spicy and hot. My grandson, who loves Pad Thai simply cried. The taste was not good. Chicken was old and smelly.

I immediately phoned them. The man was so rude at the other end, he simply said thank you and cut the phone off.

We made a mistake of going there again after six months due to bad experiences in the past. But not any more!
I am a full time regular here. I also am gluten free. They have a wonderful menu, well educated staff and I'm always greeted with a smile :) I prefer this one over the Val Vista one ANY DAY. My food comes out consistent and within a few minutes. Great place to go!!
I went here with my wife...we ordered the new sushi they were advertising, edamame, sesame chicken and drinks. I received the sushi and it was ROTTEN!!! It tasted like it had been pre made and sat in the cooler for a few days to spoil. I notified the manager and told him that it looked like it had been sitting for a few days...THE MANAGER TOLD ME "YES, IT ACTUALLY WAS MADE A FEW DAYS AGO" OMG!!!! Are you trying to kill me? Needless to say..I will not go back...
Great food and wonderful atmosphere. Try the WOK SEARED LAMB
Lamb marinated with scallions and sesame. Served with cilantro over shredded lettuce. This was a surprise menu find. 
The service was prompt and very courteous, especially when the waiter dropped a plate of our leftovers on the floor. What I mean is he had the cooks make up a fresh order for our to go bag. Good stuff. Anywho, the place is polished, the staff is courteous and this place beats with the heart of Downtown Tempe. Stop off and share a plate of noodles on your way out to the scene!
I enjoy this restaurant every now and then. It's not spectacular, but good and the mix of college crowd and 30-somethings makes for an upbeat atmosphere.
the lettuce wraps are a must, and i'm pretty sure most of the sauces are vegan-friendly, so for a "regular" type of restautant, those with restricted foods they can eat should have plenty of options here.
there's lots of outside patio seating, which can be fun to people watch on Mill Ave. on a busy night, but i find it can be way too loud with those who like to show off their motorcycles (happens quite a bit on the weekends on this "strip") so be warned.
there are also lots of trees, so be wary of getting bombed if you know what i mean. it's happend to me before, so i'ts something to think about if you're here on a first date!
Cool atmosphere.  Good food, a little pricey depending on what you order.  Clean dining area and bathroom.  Good service.  Parking on street.  This place is nice.  I like the outside seating option providing it's not 900 degrees out, but if it is, they have the misters which are refreshing/somewhat annoying.  I would recommend this place, seems worth the money.
Why?

That's all I can really think. Why? Why do most people prefer generic chain restaurants over the local flair? Why is it that places like PF Chang's are considered "like, oh my god, sooo good!"? Why? 

I mean, the food is edible. It has flavor. The  menu offers variety. You get to eat your food in a comfortable setting with somebody waiting on you, refilling your glass, clearing the table... And then you get to go back to your ordinary lives.

Ok, so maybe I'm being a little too hard on PF Chang's. I'm not the first person to diss chain restaurants. I'm not even the first to secretly admit to liking a few. I do. But, when given the option of exploring a local eatery that sells more than the "paint by numbers" entrees, I'll pick the original, exciting and off-the-beaten-path place 99.4% of the time.
I'm not surprised at how many people think this place is good.  It's really not.  It's like saying Olive Garden is good italian food.  Seriously.  It's okay.  The best thing about it, is that it's a chain and you know what you're going to get.

I prefer and suggest Bamboo club over this place....or if you REALLY want Chang's, go to Pei Wei.  Same food, cheaper price.
I'm soooo glad to hear other people are surprised by the rave. PF Changs is AWFUL. Over-priced and truly disgusting. I have had one horrible experience after another. I will never return. So many other options that are less expensive and more appetizing.
I let my dad choose the lunch spot yesterday, and he chose PF Changs. It wasn't bad. The hostess was a total snot. 

We had veggie dumplings to start, and I am a little disappointed that they've changed them from 6 small dumplings to 4 large ones. The large ones just don't cook up the same way and were not nearly as good. Bummer. 

They have a few new things on the menu, one of them being Dali Chicken. I had this, and it was really tasty. Chicken stir fried with potatoes and red chiles....it's hard to screw that up! Surprisingly, this dish ended up being really spicy, which was a nice change from Chinese food posing as spicy when the peppers are really just for decoration. 

Dad ordered the ginger chicken. It was good too, but it sure wasn't anything special. 

Bottom line: There isn't anything here that you couldn't find in a Martin Yan cookbook and make 10x better, and cheaper.
I'm impressed. The last time I experienced service this bad it was intentional, on account the manager of the place turned out to be my girlfriend's ex-boyfriend and hated my guts. But today at Changs was like the perfect storm - the simultaneous occurrence of employee mistakes and oversights which, taken individually, would be far less powerful than the overall experience resulting of their chance combination...

First I had to send my hot and sour soup back because of the chicken (don't eat chicken, wouldn't have ordered it had it been mentioned on the menu) in exchange for crab wontons. I should have asked, right - that's what you're thinking... Well, maybe so. Regardless, it took ten minutes to flag someone down to make the exchange, and as a result, the lemon pepper shrimp entree we ordered arrived before the appetizer, without plates, with white rice instead of requested brown. Ten minutes for the brown rice, fifteen for the plates, and we had to ask for them three times. Three times. The last time the guy actually laughed like, "Oh my god I'm such an idiot, I forgot again, Ha Ha." Jerk. Then we waited another 20 minutes for a refill of Tea, another 10 for water. The food? It was ok. Borderline good. But certainly not worth the wait and the service.

When we got the bill, of course the hot and sour soup was still on it, so that had to be corrected, which took another fifteen minutes. And then - and this is the icing on the cake, the real kick in the teeth, the coup de grce: there was no fortune in my damn fortune cookie. That's right. No fortune. What's a fortune cookie without a fortune? Just a damn cookie, that's what. No fortune. That's F'd up. It's like a bad omen or something, isn't it? F these guys.
I once got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it.

There were two ways to interpret this:

1) I had no fortune (true at the time)
or
2) "Nothing"....in bed (also true at the time).
Gave Chang's another chance this week, and this time the service was much better. Quite friendly and efficient, as a matter of fact. Shared the Salt and Pepper Prawns and Shrimp Fried Rice, and both were delicious. I've always liked their food. No, it's not the greatest or most original Asian food around, but it's pretty good. It's the service that I've struggled with - but if they're able to maintain the level they displayed the other day, I will definitely continue to grace their restaurant with my presence. Ha!

Oh, also told our waiter about my fortune-less fortune cookie on my last visit, and he apologized profusely, said they got a bad batch last month in which one out of every three cookies was empty. The problem had been resolved, he assured me, and sure enough this time I got a fortune. Not a very good one, something about me having a deep appreciation of the arts and music (Well, duh), but hey, it was a fortune. Sort of. Ok, not really. But it was a saying on a little piece of paper, which was all I really wanted..
I have to say that I actually liked this location.  It is much better than the Chandler one because it was upbeat and the food, if possible, seemed better.  The service is a little slow, though.   It was a good place to kick back with the co-workers.
Went here with my mom on Christmas Eve, and I really liked my experience here.  Resturant was clean and well decorated, and this was my first experience with PF Changs.  

We had made a reservation for the two of us, but showed up early.  I really liked how they validated our parking out at the garage for a whole 2.5 hours!  Yay!  I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, and egg drop soup.  Tasty!  

Service here was excellent.  I loved our server, who was friendly, marvelous, and educated on the menu.  

I would go here again in a heartbeat.  loved it!  I do think this place is a little overrated in some senses, as  some kind of local Phoenix hotspot, but for what its worth, I did enjoy my time here.
Yet another place that people seemed to be duped into going to. Why do people think expensive=good. Are they all morons? Nothing about this establishment is good. The food is not made fresh on location and the service is just okay. Please look elsewhere for chinese food.
Talk about the ultimate chinese torture: arriving with the crowds at 6pm with a party of 10 on one of the busiest weekends of the year: automatic 90 minute wait.   Freezing outside (unnaturally so) for Phoenix, and the door opening every 3 seconds with people sqeezing in/out.  Family wants to stay because of course every other place on any sort of main strip is going to be the same wait.  Finally sit: waiter looks 13 and wet behind the ears, seems to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown (running frantically, cursing under his breath), stops by after 10 minutes to let us know "I will help you later, Im busy," meanwhile the kids have already eaten at Krispy Creame across the street or else they would be pissing all over the table, no room to even get out of your table except to go all the way to the back of the place since its packed so tight with people.  3 hours later, finishing up, no time or room for desert with mega-sized fried portions, escaping back out in the cold to go home and feel ill.  Is this worth the 300$ bill?  Is this what we call entertainment and family time?  At least the orange peel chicken was excellent, but after starving that long anything would taste like fried manna.
If you are looking for a great place to celebrate a birthday or you have a big group, this place is awesome. You totally can order family style and the service is on point. Also, it is out of the ordinary.

However, it would not be my first choice for Chinese food. Do not get me wrong it taste good, but it is too Americanized. I rather get my Chinese food greasy and salty.

If you save room for dessert, you should definitely taste the Banana Spring Rolls. They are delicious.
I was in Phoenix on a business trip with 3 fellow workers and we were checking out the Tempe area since it was close to our hotel. 

We decided to eat here because one of our group has eat at one before and enjoyed it. 

We had a dear waitress that new how to flirt just enough with everyone for the good tip, very nice service! 

We ordered 4 orders of egg rolls for starters and they were the best I have ever eat. My wife is Asian so I know good egg rolls because hers is very very good too. 

I ordered the cashew and almonds chicken, I am sorry to say it was just very avarage.  Not very good chinese food other than the egg rolls.
Nothing was good here. My wife got beef and broccoli, the beef was NASTY. I got a spicy chicken dish, again, nasty. The prices are high, the food stinks... Screw this place.
Two words:  Painfully Mediocre

Imagine your favorite and/or average Chinese food delivery place.

Now divide the flavor in half.

Now multiply the price by 3.

Perfect, now find a place that isn't PF Chang's to eat tonight.

Seriously though, you are paying for mediocre food in a "trendy" environment.  Trendy is another way of saying "long wait" and "stupid employees".  The Olive Garden : Italian food :: PF Chang's : Chinese food analogy doesn't even work here.  And I make fun of Olive Garden ALL the time.

If you are really determined to get mediocre Chinese food, find a Pei Wei.  It's owned by the same family and is the same food but for less.  And if you're looking for a Pei Wei in Tempe, AZ, just go to Tott's Asian Diner.  It's in the same strip mall and it's way way better.
Very overpriced for the quality. Although P.F. Chang's does have a special place in my heart... it is nothing more than mediocre. Its a great place to go on special occassion if you want friendly service, but for much cheaper you can go to Pei Wei for basically half the price but for the same quality. (It's owned by the same family)
I had nothing but great service... food is excellent and now with the light rail I can actually enjoy a ride to Tempe, without the long ride there.  The best is the lettuce wraps, and to be honest with you, after I eat that, I don't even have to have dinner, just drinks...
I must be the only person in Phx never to eat here. Ok, so we did finally go before Phantom. Mixed reviews here.I love Peiwei so assumed I would love this place too.I did not.  I am at a crossroad as to give it a good review or a bad so I  will just say what happened noting what I liked an disliked about the experience.  We got here at around 4:45 which was good because by the time we left the place had a long wait and was packed. The first thing I did not like is the way it is set up. Tables all over the place with no spaces to walk in between. It was very odd. I found this very annoying and I am sure a nightmare for older or handicapped people. It seemed very weird for me to be banging into people's elbows as I walked by their tables. The service was very good at the start but died when they got busy. Although the manager here was great, printing out nutritional value menu for me and another waitress walked me to the bathroom. Our server was ok, seemed a little ditzy but was ok, not great just, OK. I ordered a wedge salad with chicken and got a wedge salad with no chicken. I ate it all before I realized it. (I know don't ask. I guess I was starving and the blood drained from my brain) I did not want the waitress to think I was trying to scam her. I pointed it out and said it was Ok since I did not point it out sooner and after all I did eat it all but just an FYI for the cook. She did not seem very concerned and I think this is a huge mistake for a place to make. They did not comp the bill the difference which I think they should have even though I said it was ok.( The salad was good but there was a three dollar difference in price) I worked in the restaurant business for years and comping the difference would  have been the very  least I would have done. I also thought that was a huge mistake on the part of the cook and server in an expensive place such as this. . Of course, I do take partial responsibility for not noticing it until it was to late and the food was good. The dressings make it. I had these awesome cucumbers too that tasted nice.  Again, it is their sauce. My friend had a noodle dish that was very tasty too. The service took along time to get the food to us though and the place was horribly noisy. Yikes! Two large parties sandwiched around us. One where children kept clinking knives on the glasses non stop and the other table had people clapping every minute about something or another. This was horrid! I like a quieter dining experience please.The last straw was when a couple with 2 very naughty kids sat down in back of us and I got wacked in the back of the head with the kid's paper that he kept flinging around and hitting his father with.A father that did not do one thing to discipline the kid.  Please if you are bringing out the kids leave if they are misbehaving. All in all the experience was not horrible but not great either. I might go back for lunch and try some more of their dishes. However, to be honest there are other good restaurants in town that are better suited to me. Since I love Peiwei i will eat there more often and skip this much pricier option.
We came here for lunch today and were seated and helped instantly. The lunch bowls are a great deal. You get rice, your choice of meat, and a side cup of soup for under $9. If you get a beverage it ends up being around $12 for your lunch which really isn't bad for a nice restaurant. Food was great as always and so was the service. I'll definitely be returning.
We usually like PF Changs but something about the orange chicken - we got another order, explained to one of the partner's Peter that it was too tomato based vs orange glaze - still wasn't right the 2nd time but we just took it home and put it in the fridge.  they didn't charge us for it and were gratious - oh well, just an of night I suppose.
GAH! Please, people! don't torture your poor defenseless taste-buds by shoveling this horribly tasteless food like product into your mouth holes. It is so cruel to send food over them without them being able to do what they love and long to do. Seriously, I've had finer dining at a $8 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. 

The Mongolian beef is to die for... I'm going to die 'for I ever have to eat it again. It's not that it's just a smidge bland, I've had spicier Big Macs, it was that it was drowning in a pool of brownish blandy sauce. I had to pepper my Mongolian beef! DID YOU HEAR THAT? Genghis and Kublai are very disappointed. I think maybe even a tear or 2. And the plum sauce for the Moo Shu pork was gawdawful. Scrape it off!!! My tongue hurts. Now the orange chicken wasn't too bad and maybe even moderately okay. 

Now the service I had most recently, this one on Mill, (I've been to 2 different muthuh PFers just in case) was not all that great. The guy was a big stick but with a d instead of the st, ya get it? huh? huh? get it? But that's hit or miss at any chain.

And then the bill! I haven't felt that violated since grade school. Same kind of bad taste but only money was taken this time. It's one thing to pay a moderate amount for good food with good atmosphere but this place is just Panda Express in trendy clothes. 

I should have gone to Taco Bell.
Once again PF Changs is great, sat out on the patio the weather was prefect outside and our server was great! It was great as always.
This would have been a 3 or 3.5 for good decor and nice tasting food, but the service at this particular location bumps it up to 4. Enthusiastic waitresses  (both times I went) who were very eager to share their thoughts & recommendations. The food and place were not what I expected. I had heard of PF Chang's, so I expected something Stephen Starr-esque (like The Continental). Boy was I wrong. Take your suburban go-to Chinese restaurant, make it feel more like an Applebee's, then make the food more "zesty", and that's PF Chang's. Chicken lettuce wrap was nice, and the sauces for most of the dishes were decent.
Every time I walk through the big glass doors of PF Changs, I hate myself a little more. I tell myself, "That summer I spent in China won't make me jaded when it comes to Chinese food" but I'm wrong. Though I admit... I've been jaded when it comes to Chinese food since I came to Arizona. I used this line before in my review for George and Son's in Scottsdale, but Arizona feels like the land that Chinese food forgot. Every single place out here that I have tried (other than PF Changs) uses low quality meat, large amounts of MSG, and overall is disappointing in every aspect. This is why I go to PF Changs.

I come from Philadelphia, which has a pretty large Chinatown. When I first learned of the Chinese situation here, a tear rolled down my cheek. Chinese food is a staple to my existence (as someone who is Jewish, my Christmas's would be lost without it!). I try my hardest to allow PF Changs fill this void while I am here.

While I admire the service and the atmosphere, and some dishes are alright, it just doesn't do it for me. The portions are very tiny, the prices are high, and I hate the commercialization. 

My personal recommendation is to get the Chicken Chow Fun. For the price, this is the largest thing on the menu. This is a dish of wide egg noodles with large white meat cuts of chicken.

Here is a picture for reference (though this is Beef Chow Fun):

http://jadecafe2565.com/yahoo_site_admin/assets/images/Beef_Chow_Ho_Fun-3.29102408_std.JPG

Sometimes this comes with the noodles undercooked. Sometimes this comes drowning in sauce. Though most of the time it comes just right.  I grew to love this dish after my time over there. It is a staple street food that I could get for 5 RMB at the most (around 70 cents). Nothing PF Changs can come up with even touches the lowest tier of Chinese cuisine over there.

PF Changs and myself were in a marriage of convenience. Once I leave Arizona, I don't see myself ever setting foot in one ever again.
Treachery! Seek it out:

Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.

P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entres right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced. 

Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.

Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.

Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.

The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:

'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'

Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.
I normally order all different dishes when i go there because i know i will most likely like it.  I love their hot and sour soup and their chicken lettuce wraps.  It's really close to my work, so it's easy to just walk over and eat lunch there with a co-worker.   But i will say that they ask you how everything is a little too often.  But overall service is great.
After another lunch meeting that I didn't quite have the gumption to suggest be moved, I figured it is time to finally review this place.  

Once upon a time, I was a poor college student who ate at cheap places, but loved "gourmet" food.  P. F. Chang's somehow built a reputation, albeit hardly deserved, of offering high quality "gourmet" Chinese food.  So, naturally, I decided that I wanted to try P. F. Chang's.

One evening before I graduated, the team decided to celebrate our impending freedom from Michael Crow's tuitionary grasp by dining at the P.F. Chang's across the street.  I don't recall what I had, but I think it was a Singapore Chow Fun (or something to that effect).  It was...passable I guess, but it cost $15, and wasn't even close to being as good as the Singapore Chow Fun I've had at Chinese take-out places in New York, and it cost over twice as much.  This poor college student could tell right off hand that this place is incredibly overrated (its average 3-star review is still too generous).

Fast forward a few weeks, and I'm in Houston for a job training regime.  The group decides to hit up P.F. Chang's for dinner.  I figured, since the company is reimbursing, I might as well give it another shot.  The appetizers were the best part of my meal, and the rest... well, it was the same drab, flavorless ennui we have all grown to expect from this place.

Then, of course, there was our lunch last week (once again, I didn't pay.  P.F. Chang's now occupies an important spot on my list of places I would never pay to eat at).  I had the honey garlic chicken, which didn't taste honey, garlic, or anything else besides deep fried chunks of chicken dipped in a lame sweet and sour type sauce.  I only ate half of it, which is worth mentioning, if you knew me at all.

And don't get me started on those lettuce wraps.  Those are the most overrated dish in the history of corporate faux-ethnic cuisine.

The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because their less expensive offering, Pei Wei, manages to be EVEN WORSE!  I swear, Pei Wei has only one sauce, whether you buy the Thai or General Tso's.  Do yourself a favor and just stick with your local neighborhood Chinese take-out place.  You'll get better food for a lower price.
Cheapskate bartender tried to rip us off on a busy Saturday night, hoping we wouldn't see that he had overcharged us on our bill! Thankfully we did catch the "error"  and pointed it out to him. And guess what, the dude wasn't surprised at all. Didn't even pause a moment to check what we were telling him. Just mumbled some excuse and said "OK, I'll get the manager to fix it." 

The food was strictly average. We ordered shrimp in lobster sauce and Chang's spicy chicken. Both orders came with a side of rice. We had lettuce wraps for appetizers, and though a lot of reviewers have commented on the lack of their authenticity, I liked them. A party of 20 or so near our table was celebrating some sort of farewell, and their laughter and talk made conversation impossible. Service was extremely slow, which I will put down to the Saturday night traffic. All in all, an average overpriced experience.
Read any other one star review,  it's true. I have only been here because other people want to go. Every sauce is the same. Just varying degrees of high fructose corn syrup and modified corn starch. I usually stick to vegetable dishes to avoid the meats that seem boiled, overly soft and bland. No texture or flavor except sugar and salt. The vegetables taste precooked and reheated since they never have any crunch. They are soft too so there is no texture to the meal. The soups like the hot & sour are so thick and gelatinous that they are more like dipping sauces. Tasted like the same sauce thats on the food, but more like a thick jello version. There is no redeeming value here. I have asked them before to not make the sauce so sweet and they said it wasn't possible because they're all pre-made. So weird since it IS expensive, it would make the most sense to stir fry the meals fresh and their problem would be pretty much solved. But, I think they're in the business of making money, not food.
I am not a fan of P.F. Chang's because it is a mega chain. I do, or I used to, like some of their dishes but now that I am a veggie/celiac I am no longer a fan. 

Although P.F. Chang's has a gluten-free menu which is very helpful if you eat meat the option for a vegetarian is the Buddha's Feast which is a bowl of bland steamed veggies. Blah - you don't even get the option of any tofu or any spices or herbs...

And although normally I am willing to give 3 stars to a place that at least tries to accommodate a variety of diets, this particular P.F. Chang's gets a 2 star due to the terrible delivery of food. My full order of garlic snap peas (which is really quite good) came out as a half order. I had to ask whether it was a half and finally they sent out another half. Good thing I caught it otherwise we would have paid for the full. Then when I ordered the Buddha's Feast, I was asked if I wanted it stir fried to add some flavor and I said sure - that sounds great! But, when I received my dish, it was a bowl of steamed veggies (and not even fresh looking). When I inquired what happened to my stir fried version, another server explained something about a matrix and that the kitchen would have to do some stuff and yadda yadda. Well, in the end, I had to eat these boring, bland and flavorless steamed veggies.

I was also promised the gluten-free soy sauce which only came after I asked for it twice.

I gave P.F. Chang's a 2 star rating because the rest of my group enjoyed their meal for the most part. The beef and broccoli was so salty they couldn't eat it. The chow fun, the sweet n sour shrimp and the chicken lettuce wraps are what allowed me to give a 2 star rating.

Please make the mushroom lettuce wraps gluten-free and then I will be a fan of P.F. Chang's - buddha's feast just doesn't cut it.
I work in Tempe, and every day I bring my own lunch to work - except Fridays when I get take out from PF Changs. The crispy honey chicken lunch bowl is delicious and the employees are nice. The manager is always walking around with a big smile on his face. 

I'm really picky so I modify my lunch bowl to remove the sauce and other parts of the dish and to also skip the soup. So basically I eat chicken and rice and ask for some sauce on the side. Today the manager told me that I can no longer order that because they can't have people "taking advantage" of the lunchbowls with modifications. I think this stinks for two reasons - one - they are actually saving with me because I don't take the soup and accoutrements.  Two - I come there almost every week and now..I guess I don't get to anymore unless I order the full size (which is wayyy to much for this belly). 

Oh well! La Bocca is delicious and it is right across the street!
I usually do not eat at chain restaurants since i love trying out new places and seeing what other places have to offer..but sometimes i just get the craving for this place and it never lets down. 
From crab puffs, calamari, lettuce wraps all their starters hit the spot! Never have any complaints with anything i have ordered..and if you're a picky eater you are bound to find something since the menu is large. Shrimp with candid walnuts is prob my fave! 

Service is pretty good at this location..it is right by  ASU so it can be hit or miss on being really busy or not.. 

p.s Reverse happy hour is ONLY at the bar, they have some things that are not on the regular menu that you can only order if you sit at the bar
Uuuugh. The BF went and picked up food from PF changs tonight because we had a gift card and I still can't go out due to coldy fluish yuck disease.... wtf, I can't shake it. So I got wonton soup (for the throat), the BF got sweet and sour chicken and we shared some dumplings. The soup was so bland.... possibly the most bland wonton soup I have ever tried. The BF thought the sweet and sour chicken was alright.... but the menu says it is pan fried and the chicken is clearly deep fried... yuck. Also, They really don't give you a very large portion for what you pay.... most places I can eat the food for at least two days on what they give you, but the BF finished all maybe 10 pieces of chicken that were on his dish.  I would never pay to eat at this restaurant. Their food is so ridiculously bad for you and expensive. Their double pan fried noodles have just about a full day's worth of sodium and calories... ugh. I do not understand how the PF Changs all stay in business.... they're just not good. I had better chinese food yesterday and the entrees cost 5$....
I'm another one of those people who really likes PF Changs. This location in particular is fabulous. The manager (who I swear to God is Stanley Tucci's twin -- which won over my Devil Wears Prada loving heart -- he even did an impression for me that made my night!), the waiters are fun, and go a great job. And even though Mill Avenue is dead and gone - it's nice to be down by ASU and see that some places are doing well. I'm crossing my fingers for the day that Mill is revitalized and the streets are lined with people like they used to be!

Try: Ginger Chicken, Orange Chicken & Chicken Lettuce Wraps
I hope you like salt and have never had Asian food before beyond Panda Express or Kyoto bowl.

The fact that PF Chang's is allowed to exist by China (to whom the US owes its existence). Here's a tip for Asian cuisine: are there Asian's there? If the answer is no...

I have never had more consistently bad service and tasting food. I cannot requisite ever going there again. I recommend yo skip it. If you are looking for Chinese food in the valley give this a wide berth.

BTW Pei Wei is also PF Changs. I would review them separately but cannot get up the ambition to discuss bad memories any more...
Chang, Changs getting Changs over here. This is the song that comes to mind when I think of PF Changs. I know this is a chain restaurant but it's DAMN good every time I go. Usually I just get a few appetizers. If you are looking for authentic Chinese cuisine then you are at the wrong place. As a matter of fact authentic Chinese food is really not all it's cracked up to be. this is a great place to go with friends or right before the move. I love the steamed pork dumplings with lettuce wraps and c'mon now the Mongolian been is the ish! If people give this place a bad review because it's a chain then that's just silly. Everyone already knows it's a chain and frankly Changs must be doing something right to be as big as they are.  There are time s I get "Chang-ed out" but I will always end up back there for some yummy spring rolls!  I did choose to review this spot because it is my favorite I love the atmosphere in here and because it's in Tempe it's a younger crowd and laid back so I do prefer this location to others I have been to in my short time in AZ.
5 stars primarily due to our individual server, John Auer. He was personable, friendly, expressed interest in us, and bantered with our kiddos.

Food way above average, he even asked if we wanted an extra appetizer that was made free of charge (spare ribs, yum) We split the duck and enjoyed the tenderness. Great strong drink gulped - mai tai

Love the ambiance & atomosphere. You'd think being next to ASU that if would be filled with a bunch of college kids. Not the case. Good mixture of families, groups, couples ,and even high schoolers out for prom
PF Chang's is average food with sodium levels to kill a horse. That being said I still eat here about once a month because it is the closest restaurant
within walking distance to my work. 

This is the 3rd time I have ordered online and every time the order is incorrect. Today for example, I ordered the double pan fried noodles with shrimp, ONLY SHRIMP, what I received was beef, chicken and shrimp. I walk to Chang's and back to work so walking all the way back to complain is a major inconvenience.

3rd time is the charm. I won't be back.
_________________________________________________________
Update to original review. I called and let the manager know what happened and he not only offered to make me a new dish immediately, but he had someone run it over to my work. That type of Customer Service is outstanding and they will continue to get my business, especially when I feel a salt craving coming on.
Salt levels are high enough to be legally classified as a food preservative!

I got the double fried noodles with pork, shrimp and vegetables.  Well, they DROWNED the dish with enough salty sauce (maybe 1.5-2 cups) to make it more like a soup than anything else.  Also, It was a struggle to find more than a few shavings on meat in the dish, disappointing.  I'm pretty sensitive to salt in my food because of my blood pressure and my best estimate is that this one dish probably had 5,000mg sodium in it.

Ambience - I appreciate the effort to be helpful, but we were brusquely interupted 9 times during our lunch.  Come on people - if my water glass is empty then discreetly fill it up, don't ask me LOUDLY if I want more water while interupting my conversation. At that point, you're not providing good service, it's just amateurish crap.

Would I go back? If I did, I'd order something very lite on the sauce, but then I'd discover that I'd ordered a meat and veg dish with minimal meat and veg.  So, what's the point coming back?

So PF Changs - BFD that you sponsor a marathon!? - what good is that when you make people sick afterwards with your insanely salty food, eh?
I am totally in love with the Oolong Sea Bass.  I had it at another location and was blown away and so I was expecting it to be a one off but I ate it last night at this location and it was almost the same perfection.  

This location is a little more busy with younger crowd than I like but it is close to my house so I went.  The patio is right off mill so if you are looking for a nice dinner I suggest eating indoors.  If you just want to chill have some drinks then outside is great.  

Our server was nice but seemed nervous as she dropped several items which added to some humor in the evening.  Overall we had a great dinner and dessert.
This place isn't all that but there food is OK.  There are better Chinese options for the price (try Chinese Cultural Center restaurants).  The restaurant itself is well furnished and clean but I can't get over the fact that people rave about this place.
Visited here with friends during school residency. Just a notch up from a regular Chinese restaurant. Wasn't really impressed. Tried this spot again in Fresno but my rating will remain the same!
We've eaten at this PF Chang's on a few occasions when in Phoenix on business.   It's usually pretty busy, I assume since it's close to the ASU campus.  Food and service has always been as expected with this comfortable chain.  My favorite entrees are the garlic eggplant and the kung pao chicken.

On one occasion, the steamed dumplings that we ordered during dim sum happy hour were delivered cold.  Upon further inspection, they didn't appear to have been cooked.  The server quickly took them away and brought new ones, and the manager stopped by to tell us that they'd been comped.  During a busy period at the restaurant, it's easy for this to happen (particularly with steamed, which look about the same when cooked as when not cooked), so I appreciated that they handled the situation expeditiously and graciously. 

This location has great windows that look on to the main street.  They do have a patio, but either the street is too busy or the heat is too intense for it to be pleasant, so we always stick to eating indoors. There's parking in the deck nearby (they validate) or on the street if you're lucky enough to snag a spot.  

#Yelp365 - 195/365
Definitely the best choice of eating chinese food in the city where you have limited good Asian food around. The Singapore street noodle (curry noodle) is always been my favorite and the crab wonton is just a great appetizer to start! I also like their orange beef! Definitely worth to eat for!
PF Chang's delivered a great meal and quality service. Peter, the owner, came by and greeted me and my guest. He told me that we can park for free in the parking garage behind the restaurant with validation. I had no idea, but that's great to know for the future. 

I thoroughly enjoyed my orange chicken and my guest enjoyed his mandarin chicken, although for the price he would've preferred more chicken in his dish, even if it meant less veggies.
Glorified panda express

With that generalization aside I was willing to give ol PF Changs another try when they served me a steamed shanghai shrimp dish that was devoid of flavor

Thinking less flavor meant a healthier meal I alas was given a shocking reminder of how this place sodium bombs there dishes when I read the nutritional info

 'tear
Great service.  Nice ambiance.

So glad they have kids meals now.  Last time I was there (long time ago) they didn't.  So your child can eat for between $2.95 and $4.95, including a drink.

The happy hour is decent.  I had a coconut lemon drop (YUM) for $6, hubby had a large sake for $4.  Plus I shared the edamamme and tofu potstickers with my girls.  There are three small ones for $3.25 but they are GOOD.

One child had the lo mein with tofu, one had buhdda's feast with tofu.  The buhdda's feast was just steamed carrot, broccoli and sugar snap peas.  The rice and sauce (she got sweet & sour) was on the side.

My birthday boy ordered off the gluten free menu and had the mongolian beef.  He scarfed it down.  Hubby had gluten free spicy chicken.  It wasn't hot enough for him so he added more pepper sauce but he did enjoy it.

I had the vegetarian spicy eggplant.  It was DELICIOUS.  $7.95 and I couldn't even finish it.

For my son's birthday they brought him a free mini dessert.  He chose triple chocolate mousse.  Usually they are $2.25 each.

Total bill was $70.
I recently visited P.F. Chang's Tempe location for the first time during a lunch meeting.  I found the service to be acceptable and efficient, and the food I ordered - Wonton Soup & a Cucumber, Tomato Side Salad - to be very flavorful!  While I prefer the Scottsdale location best, the Tempe locale provided a nice 2nd convenient alternative.
Went here for a friend's birthday, so we had a large party. Nevertheless, the food was terrible, I was the only one not to receive my food with the others and I had to pester the servers for my dish, then the sauces that should come with it. Despite the large party the servers were extremely unattentive and the manager was quite rude. Everything was over-priced. Can't figure out why this place was packed!
I'm not really the biggest fan of asian cuisine to begin with but this food is just ok. It's supposed to be a healthy alternative to fast food but after checking the nutritional reviews you can't help but notice the gratuitous amount of sodium. Their food, in my opinion, tastes like a slightly better tasting healthy choice. The service and atmosphere however was on point. They kept the drinks coming. As soon as I finished one another was on the way. They were very friendly as well. They accommodated me in every way possible, sometimes i'm a lil difficult so i commend them. Overall, if you like to go to a place with great service and mediocre food, PF Changs is the place for you. Hope you found this helpful.
~3.5

I've been to this location quite a few times and have always had the same service and quality of food that I've come to expect. 

I came with a few friends for dinner last week. Our server was super nice and helpful with things on the menu. I had the PF Chang's Green Tea which was delicious, a bowl of hot and sour soup, and the spicy chicken entree with brown rice. Everything was great and we had a good experience.
Holy slow as hell! 

My mother in law and I had tickets to go see Wicked this past Sunday. We parked and then walked down to PF Changs, we got there at about 445. They were already slam packed. We were quoted a 30 minute wait time but I think we only waited 15 minutes, score! 

Once we go to the table, we waited and waited to be acknowledged. Once we were we waited again for another 10 minutes just for our drinks. We ordered an app and it came out fairly quick. However after they cleared the app plate away we waited at least another 20 minutes for our food. As we were getting our food people were quickly clearing out to go to gammage. We had to eat pretty fast. We got to gammage just as they were making the announcement to be seated. 

Moral of the story, we got to Changs an hour and 45 minutes before the show started, so if you plan to go here before hand, maybe get there 2.5 hours before hand as the service is sloooooow. 

Food was great!
We went here for dinner tonight before going to Wicked, and I have to say it was probably one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. 

There were five of us; 4 adults and one kid with food allergies. 

Usually, when going to a restaurant no one, including the servers, seem to have any idea what on the menu would be good for someone with food allergies. They hem and haw and guess at things. This doesn't work so well for someone with severe allergies. We explained our issue to our server, Lauren, who said she would get the manager who would print out a special menu for us. That's right, a special menu. So over comes the manager, Jeff Jensen. We tell him that our kid has peanut and egg allergies, and he leaves and comes back with a specially printed out menu that has basically a list of everything on their menu that is safe for someone with those specific allergies. I have NEVER had a restaurant do that before. Absolutely amazing customer service. Both our server and the manager came back a couple times to make sure everything worked out ok with the special menu, not just to make sure the rest of the food was good. Major kudos to both Lauren and Jeff!

Now about the food: The oolong marinated Chilean Sea Bass is one of my favourite dishes there. The sauce is fantastic, the fish is tender and flavourful, and the fresh, wilted spinach is the perfect veggie for it. Salt and pepper prawns are great too. Appetisers: get the calamari, fried green beans or crab wontons and you won't be disappointed. For dessert, the tres leches lemon dream (either the mini or full size) is just the right balance of sweet and tart.

Our service was outstanding and fast, even with the restaurant being packed right before the show. Our food was great. All in all it was simply a great night!
I really love PF Changs!

And no, I don't think its really authentic and that is not even a reason why I love this place! So without further ado, my four favorite dishes.

First: PF Changs, has the BEST chicken noodle soup EVER. Forget the egg drop, forget the hot and sour, try this delicious soup! It's a lemony, spicy-ish, chicken broth with cherry tomatoes, mushrooms, pieces of chicken, cilantro, and these weird looking noodles. It might not sound good but TRUST ME it is.

Second:  the fried green beans...YUMMY! Super crunchy and delicious and the dipping sauce is phenomenal!

Third: shrimp and candied walnuts. OK, I never thought I would like a dish with melon balls in it [unless it was like a fruit bowl] but this has definitely changed my mind! Basically, battered and fried shrimp with this creamy sauce with candied walnuts and melon balls. I can't convince you it's good with any of my words, you just need to try it lol

Fourth: Dalhi Chicken. It's super spicy [spiciest dish] with sliced potatoes. If you don't like spicy, DON'T GET THIS. Try the chang's spicy chicken instead... [which is not spicy to me] lol

YOU'RE WELCOME. ;]
Parking was confusing.  I saw the place on the corner but where in the heck do I park?  I drove around and found parking in the back (on Ash).  They valid that lot so park there.  

We were greeted right away.  This place is HUGE!  We sat on the side that you can watch Mill Ave.  Pretty cool!  I ordered off the lunch menu:  CRISPY HONEY CHICKEN LUNCH (My favie) with brown rice.  It was ok, not sweet at all?  The egg drop soup was good.  The service from the wait staff was excellent.  I was just very disappointed in the honey chicken this time.  Sorry only 3 stars.
When you want to park for this restaurant you have to use the parking garage on Ash but as long as there isn't an event you can get parking validated. 

As soon as we walked in I hated our hostess, she was not polite at all asked us if we wanted indoor or outdoor seating, it was a nice day so we chose outside and she sat us, we didn't run into her until later...

As far as our waitress goes (the blonde from Michigan) she was nice. 

It was lunch, so our meals were under $10 dollars, that's cool I guess. I ordered the Vegetarian Fried Rice with a salad. The dressing was good, and the meal was good as well, I always add sweet & sour sauce to my rice and this was all fine and dandy. 

The downfall to sitting outside is the restaurant sits on two very busy crossroads. Mill Ave and University. So enjoying the outside isn't as much fun with all the hooligans walking around and all the cars honking (because people in Arizona don't know how to drive)

I thought we were gonna leave on a good notice, but that's not how it ended. The hostess that I was telling you about in the beginning, just let's call her skin tight mini skirt girl, was the one giving us our validated card and when I asked a simple question just to make sure I would be doing it correctly, and he response made me feel like I was a dumb ass. "Ummm no, you stick that in the machine." Anyone who is gonna start a response as an "Um" is completely unprofessional. She then started dancing around for one of her co-workers about how she was "off work". This girl was no doubt a party college girl who only cared about getting one night stands with bro dudes. 

At the end of the day I'm really disappointed that as a company they are hiring girls like that to represent them.
- generic main dishes 
-dry rice white and brown
-great service , very friendly
-small portions when it comes to food
fun fact- the kung pow shrimp is breaded so if  you think you are trying to be healthy ordering the shrimp think again at P.F. Changs
My friend had a craving for vegetarian lettuce wraps and then a PF Changs commercial came on TV. It was an omen, let's go to PF Changs! I ordered a crispy green been appetizer. It was the perfect amount of food. Our server, Ross was polite and knowledgable. I think he has worked here for awhile and he was very good! It had been awhile since I had eaten there, but I'll be back for sure!
I frequent here because it is so close to work.  You have to get there right at 11am to get seated right away or call in your order.  I have tried to order online, but my order was incorrect.  The staff here is always friendly.  Today, I presented a free appetizer card to our server ...and the card was for the Superstition location and they honored it here.  No questions asked.  We have come for their happy hour special which starts at 3pm..and that's great because our work group gets out at 3pm.  So, it's a nice option within downtown Tempe that it starts early.  Not too many places start at 3pm.  All in all this location does everything to give great service, especially if they know your work within the area.
We went here for my girlfriends mom's birthday a week or so ago and the service was outstanding. The manager had over heard us talking about how we couldn't believe that mom has never tried hot n sour soup or egg drop soup so he brought out two small samples so she could taste them and see which one she liked. It's those extra things that show a lot about a place. Clearly, they are constantly paying attention to their customers needs and they are doing a great job at overseeing everything that is going on. I wish more places were like this, excellent customer service is hard to come by these days. Way to go PF Chang's!
I probably shouldn't review PF Changs, but feel it's my civic duty to warn anyone who still believes this is "Chinese" food, it's fusion, pretty Americanized and for whatever reason, always gives me the runs. ALWAYS! It's probably me, and you would think I have learned my lesson, but I try every so often to see if my stomach can handle it and every time, PF Chang's you bastard, you beat me.
Food isn't very tasty... i tried several times for business lunches and was never delighted. This review is for vegetarian side of the menu.
Loveeeeee the potstickers with brown rice! perfect simple meal
Good bang for the buck. I love coming here because it's close to ASU and plus a good date spot to dine. When we entered, we received an automatic greeting from the friendly hostess. This place is nicely done. Our server was amazing. He was friendly and knowledgable. We love the food and service here. The only thing that I didn't like was the parking but that's okay. It's worth it.
Haven't been back here in years, but the food is still great quality. First off, join the eclub and you automatically get a free order of lettuce wraps. Great dish with marinated white chicken and rice sticks and an array of sauces. Saved 8 bucks on that order. We ate at the bar on New Years day and luckily the lunch specials stretch out to 4pm every day. One order was shrimp potstickers with whole pieces of shrimp inside. They don't let you order the Dim sum special pan-fried, so steamed is your only choice. Crispier is always better. My dish was Ginger chicken with broccoli, but this was chang's upscale style and I found cherry tomatoes and red onions along with a subtle ginger, garlic sauce. The fried rice on the side was a buck extra and probably not worth it, but the hot and sour soup was one of the better versions i have had over the years. Brittany at the bar was very nice and helpful as the bar got crowded close to her shift end and she even made sure to figure out what was the delay in our mains without me having to ask. Things got resolved and this was a great lunch to start the new year.
Nothing to complain about, but I really don't see why it's so special.
Reservation time is not being followed. Had reservation for 8:00 pm was seated 8:30 pm. 
Service was Great service,  johnathan was the server. Superior service
P. F Chang's China Bistro has grown on me over the years, and I just really like eating at P. F. Chang's.  Recently, I've been ordering the Dan Dan Noodles.  I like it spicy.  There are also a variety of options for my vegetarian wife and daughter, as in more than one.  In the past, we've ordered the lettuce wraps and dumplings among other items.  But the real reason I am gushing over P. F. Chang's and have a craving for the Dan Dan Noodles is because I just ran the P. F. Chang's Half Marathon.  I couldn't tell you why I crave food from the race sponsor.  Is it the coupons they gave out for naming ten things I liked about the restaurant?  The new app they were promoting that I downloaded?  That the race was a lot of fun and I passed the dragon?  I just really like eating at P. F. Chang's and the food tastes good?  The decor is fun?  No idea.  But I can tell you that I can't wait until our next visit.
Literally...the worst dining experience of my life. So much went wrong (I will TRY to keep it short).

I made a reservation for 8pm, 8 people on a Saturday. I called at 5pm, giving ample notice. Walk in at 7:58 (2 minutes early) and the table isn't ready. No bother, we wait outside, chit chat but happen to notice a very sparsely occupied patio, which we could have sat at. 20 minutes later. No table. Finally at 8:40 we sit down. What use are reservations? But this isn't the worst part...

We sit and wait for another 10 minutes and are approached by a frantic server: Can I get you drinks? Sure. We order an excess. (You're about to get tipped well if you can make this happen tonight).  Waiting on the drinks...my throat is getting parched...where are the drinks? We get them another 20 minutes later (It's already 9pm folks...an hour after I was supposed to have my table). Here comes Mr. Frantic again - Brings 2 drinks...we're missing some.  He apologizes and confesses he forgot to ring in the other.. Ya kidding me? Finally drops it off. Cool... 

But the fun doesn't stop there. My friend orders an appetizer. Expresses she wants THIS to be her entree...to be brought out with everyone else's. It does not happen. He just stares at the table, his mouth agape. Say something. Fix this. Send the Manager over. Do something.

Next up? I don't eat meat...I am served meat. Cool. Frantic Server Dude is now blaming someone else for this transgression and has the Manager come over to drop off my meager  portion of food. The MANAGER says nothing. Not "Sorry, not how are you this evening? Apologies n such." Just drops it off, and forces a smile. What are we doing wrong here as patrons? Am I on freaking Candid Camera?! (what happened to that show anyway...)

Ugh...At this point we all just want to shovel food down our throats and get the hell out. We do the 2 for $40 deal. Where's the dessert we ordered? Blame the Cooks Magoo has his back turned to our table, and is chatting away with his friends. This is not a joke. We sit...and sit...and sit...Ya think he would have turned around at some point to, I don't know: Check on his customers who are going to be tipping him.  Finally my friend taps him on the shoulder and asks if he can box up the dessert so we can just take it with us.

I open my leftovers today and not everything's in there. I hate this place. Hate. Slow...yet the servers run around like chickens with their heads cut off. The food isn't great, that's IF they can get your order right in the first place. It's pointless getting a reservation. OH and IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY.  They knew this! Their home office should really make a secret shop and see what's happening at the Mill Ave location.

Ya suck.  Don't eat here. I know it's Mill...but save yourself the 2 hour shit show I experienced.
Absolutely amazing! Great, knowledgable staff! GREAT food!!
Excellent service and the food was great.
Ok so it's a chain, but a reliable one. I came in around 2:00 pm on a Monday afternoon and the place was surprisingly crowded for a very late lunch hour. I grabbed one of several open seats at the bar and looked over the menu. 

One thing I like about this chain is they frequently change up the menu just enough to make it interesting. The old favorites are still there, but a few fresh, new items show us as well. 

Today, I decided to try one of these called Chang's Spicy Chicken. It was excellent. The server, a very nice girl named Brittany, asked me how I'd like my "special sauce." Mild, medium, or hot? I went with hot, and had the privilege of watching her make it right in front of me. 

And it was hot, but not too hot. Not the kinda hot where you need to grab the water glass. But I guess fire tolerances are relative. So maybe take a little sample first. 

Had a hot & sour soup ahead of time, which came with the meal. It was also very good. 

Like all PF Chang's, this is a nice & hip environment. The main drawback, which is not the restaurant's fault, is all the drunks that come into the place. Several servers told me it was a recurring problem, and I witnessed one while I was there. 

This guy came in, sat at the bar, got up, stumbled through one side of the dining room and the other. Then went into the restrooms, then came out, then sat at the bar again. Babbled in a language that can only be described as Drunkese, then was finally asked to leave. 

Lunch and a show. 

But overall, a fantastic experience and very friendly and professional staff. I'd come back in a heartbeat.
WOW! Love this place before, and I love it even more after my recent dining experience. After promptly being sat at a table with a view of Mill Street's finest, we were greeted warmly by our server, Lauren. I was  on the fence about ordering a cocktail, but Lauren suggested trying the Rockin' Berry martini and HOLY COW was it divine. We ordered our usual appetizers, but really wanted to branch out for dinner. Lauren sensed our apprehension and made a few recommendations from the new items on their menu. My date and I went with the Topical Sea Bass and Orange Peel Beef, which were two of the dishes she mentioned. Lauren really had a great attitude, was super friendly and we appreciated that she was always one step ahead. Food is always great, but this kind of service is why we will be back for more!
The 'P' stands for 'poor' yes?
A generally very well run chain, this one is to be avoided - seems to be ran by 9 year olds who are long on appologies, short on resolution. Don't bother making a reservation, they don't honor the system. The food is ok, but the experience? There are SO many better places in Tempe. Give this one a miss.
As far as gluten free Asian eats go, this is the place to go!  They have GF eats, drinks, and a GF flourless chocolate cake that is amazing.  

The Tempe location seemed a bit smaller than the other locations but they have a huge patio.  The staff was very friendly which is consistent with all of the other chains.  

Only downer was the table was extremely sticky like it had not be wiped, but after watching a waitress wipe a table it became apparent why the tables were sticky.  LOL.  they only used a Lysol to clean the table.  LOL smh
The food is really great.  My favorite starter is lettuce wraps. It's really fresh. The service is excellent. They are also very generous. For a first time visitor, they will give you $10 off card. The place is also very clean and comfy. I will def. come back again. :)
Parking here forget about it , It is too tough.
This is for a too to order I had. I came in and placed my order witht the guy working at the front desk counter.
He asked me first what I wanted, well....I need a menu.
Anyway, I ordered one of the new dishes, the Prawns with noodles salad and the 2nd item was the Budda Feast Vegetabeles. Stir fried.
It was really a pretty quick wait only about 10 to 12 min so that was great.
The food was really good. I do not know if I would order the Prawn dish again ,a bit on the greasy side though very tasty. It was actually better when I heated it up again the next day.   Plus it was a bit on the high priced side $15.00 just for that item.
The Budda Vegs were really good as always.
One of the worst restaurant experiences I had in a while. The service was incredibly slow. Our first dish was the chicken lettuce wraps. The white noodle crisps that come with the chicken lettuce wraps were so hard and burnt, and when my mom ate some of them in her wrap, she chipped her tooth! We politely told our waitress about it, and she just LAUGHED and walked away. No apology, no "I'll talk to the cook about that." It's like that was her plan all along , and she was so happy that customers were receiving bodily harm from the food. The rest of the food took forever to arrive, to the point where we eventually had to find SOMEONE that passed by to ask what was going on. The sea bass that arrived was the worst cooked fish we've ever tasted. It tasted old, rough, and the spinach it came with was the worst spinach ever (the sauce tasted like a cigarette,  the spinach was raw, and parts of it had giant amounts of salt piled on!). I mean, how do you screw up spinach? I've tasted this same dish at the P.F. Chang's at King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, and it tastes so much better and so completely different. Our mongolian beef dish here was very rough and again had an overwhelming amount of burnt white noodle crisps. The only dish that was semi-edible was the beef lo mein, and even that had a lot of salt. Our waitress eventually came over to ask how we were liking the food, and we hesitated. We could kind of predict that she would just laugh and walk away. But she kept standing there, so we eventually told her the spinach was too salty and under cooked. And guess what - she laughed and walked away. Again.

Awful service, awful food.
This is my 3rd time to this location. Our server was Matthew and he was promt and very informative! He was always giving us refills, which is a huge plus in my book! So the service was awesome! For food, we shared the spicy chicken, that was awesome and the honey shrimp, which was also awesome! And you can't forget the fried rice, I'm addicted to that stuff, and they make it perfect! All in all, this place is awesome an WILL be coming back!
I love P.f Changs! Nice atmosphere, good service, and amazing food. I came here with my boyfriend for a date night and we ordered the honey shrimp, spicy chicken, fried rice, and egg rolls. Everything tasted great, I really just wish the portions were bigger. 

Our server was Matthew and he did a great job. Was on top of our drink refills, kind, etc. 

Will definitely be coming back often.
Upon walking in, I smiled and said hello to the hostess, and she just blankly stared at me. I had a brief flashback to my time spent hosting, and I felt as if our roles had been reversed.

But, I digress.
Our server, Taylor, was very sweet and helpful with explaining our sauces, and even checked with the cooks to see if I could get spring rolls without the duck (which, sadly was not possible).
Their vegetarian options were decent and clearly labeled. Food was good. Ginger beer tasted like bar sweet and sour mix.

I might come back.
Excellent! Made reservations but were about 10 minutes late due to the parking around mill ave..walked in and walked past others waiting, sure enough they had a booth not a table just as I requested! Which on a busy Friday night is lucky anyway. We had drinks n soup on our table literally within 5 minutes of walking in, appetizer came out just as we finished our soup, and the meal followed right on time! Hot n fresh food and an excellent waitress, perfect! We'll b back.
just like every other PF Chang's - which is OK.
Exceptional service= 5 stars
I'm pretty picky about what I like and appreciate great service.  The staff here went out of their way to make this experience wonderful. I took my parents out, who love Chinese food, for their first trip to a PF Chang's.  I've been to a couple in the US and abroad; this one's decor was nice and it wasn't busy at all (around 3 pm).
I informed the server it was my parents' first trip and she must have told the manager because he came over, introduced himself, then continued to talk a bit about the store and the food.  The staff was happy which really kept the mood up.  If we needed something we didn't need to ask.  When I looked up to find our server someone would make eye contact smile and inform her. 
Oh yeah and the food was great, but that's why you go to PF Chang's, because it's delicious. Beef and broccoli, Beef al Sichuan and some chicken and shrimp deal with vegetables were had.  The first two were so good if made the chicken/shrimp dish seem lacking.  Healthy but lacking.
I wouldn't expect that kind of service from anyone, so, well done.  Thank you for treating my parents so kindly. We'll definitely be back.
Finally! I get tonYelp about something good. I was here a little over a year ago and had a good experience as well but with so many places to earnings the Phoenix area I just haven't made it back. So glad I did. 

Brought my mom and girlfriend here for lunch beige an afternoon matinee. They are doing work on the patio out front which could fool you to think its closed but its not, obviously, and it is supposed to be done in a week. 

To the food, appetizers of chicken lettuce wraps, pork dumplings, and pork egg rolls. The lettuce wraps were complimentary since it was their first visit. The wraps live up to their reputation and I found myself skipping the lettuce and just scooping heaping portions of chicken into my mouth with the serving spoon. Lol. Can't be wasting time with prep ya know. Dumplings were frickin awesome, again, pan seared, and cannot think of another restaurant that makes them as good. The seasoning and sauce with just a little heat was perfection. Egg rolls were good. They were caked in grease like so many other places and they weren't dry. 

Between the three if us we had the Kung Pao Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and. Broccoli Beef. Again, not a disappointment among them. I can eat. And I did. I was waiting for one of my luncheon companions to slap my hand or stab it with their fork but it didn't happen. I was perfectly content and ate just right without feeling miserably full, and then I looked at the dessert menu. You wouldn't expect to see things like Tiramasu, various cheesecake, and even Wontons made dessert style. Had to try the blueberry cheesecake and it was delicious. 

To top it all off the manager came over tongue table and have us all $10 gift cards since my mom and girlfriend hadn't been here before. Was totally relieved and impressed to finally be able to write a raving review.
I guess I'll start with the good. 
The service was excellent. The waiter was incredibly nice and we got a complimentary lettuce wrap appetizer since it had been a while since we had visited. The waiter was attentive and really nice. Even offered to get us a GF lettuce wrap for my boyfriend. 

The mediocre: the food. 
It was okay. I guess. You know what you're getting when you go to a PF Chang's and I must have forgotten it's just bland. My boyfriend said his fried rice was good. But how can you mess up fried rice? 

And, the bad. 
The floor was disgusting. It was covered in food. I watched someone clear a table and just push the food onto the floor. No one came by and swept it up. It wasn't just one part of the restaurant. There was food all over the entire floor and this is no exaggeration. It was really gross and off-putting. 

There are other restaurants to go to down on Mill that are much cleaner.
If you're looking for a great date night for you and your lady friend this is an excellent place to go! The outside seating right along mill ave makes it a fun and romantic spot to go and the prices aren't too bad!
OK I will start with the good parts of this place. The Hostess was sweet. She even helped us with the Validation of the parking.
The Lettuce wraps were good. That is where it ends.
I can honestly say, we will never come here again for any reason. Nor would I ever encourage anyone to eat here.

What has happened to P.F. Chang's???  I mean honestly!
We were greeted by the hostess who put us at a nice table by the window.
After sitting down I could see the table was dirty. There was grease all over it and I had a dirty plate in my area.
When Kinnesy came to tell us she would be helping us out tonight. I asked if we could get the table wiped down and I showed her the grease all over it.
She did come back and wipe it down,then disappeared, in her place came over a male server, who then told us he would be taking care of us instead.

He seemed good at first. He told us about a few things on the menu. 
I got hot Tea and my friend got Ice Tea, they had Mango and regular. 
He ordered regular.
About an hour later he had to ask for another Ice Tea, he got it but, it was Mango.
We got the 2 for $40.00, which does not include your drinks.
It came with soup. 
Somewhere after we received the lettuce wraps things went downhill.
We never got any appetizer plates. We had to ask for them.
That is OK because, things like that can happen.
Then another server brought us out our main dishes. 2 meals one bowl of white rice. We had both ordered Brown rice. Again no Dinner plates.
We had to ask for those as well.
We never even got any water to drink.
I have to say in all the time we sat there waiting for everything, I really noticed how dirty the floor was.  They would just wipe the floors down and paper ,rice, food, everything right on to the floor.

They were not even busy here, there were 11 tables occupied ours being one of them. There were 5 servers.
We waited and Waited, and waited for the dessert to come out. I really wanted it to go at this point we had been there for 1 and half hours. I was so ready to go.
It was a simple meal that took forever.
The hostess had to go to find the waiter to tell him we wanted our check. I could see him in the doorway of the Kitchen eating.
Just give us our dessert and check and we will be out of here like 25 min ago.
The dessert were Wontons that had been micro waved. They were hard and the mixture inside was bubbling. Gross!
We waited so long that we finally just left the $$$ on the Table and left.
I have to say it was my very worst dining experience.
Very good food. I am a big fan of their ribs.
I normally don't give places five stars but this place deserved it for the SERVICE ALONE. They really have stepped up the service since the last time I've been there. The food as usual was decent, but our server have us complimentary ginger chicken with our meal as a holiday gift. It was the chefs favorite dish. That alone was awesome service! As if that wasn't enough, then the manager came out and spoke with us for a while. He was friendly as can be. This PF Changs is unlike any other. Service was spectacular!
Well, hate to say it, but I will never come here again. 
This place has gone so far down hill I will not waste another moment here ever!
The Hostess was great! Very helpful and friendly.
Our table was dirty with dirty dishes on it, the dishes were meant to be clean. But, grease all over them. Gross!

Our food took for ever to come out. It was not good when it did. I never got a refill on my Ice tea. Just have to say , I do not know how this place is still in Business. 
You have to get your parking ticket validated. Which the hostess did, and I was grateful for that. Just have to say.. Stay away from this place.
Sure, it's obviously not authentic Chinese food, but be sure to stop in for lunch specials (until 4 pm). I'm sad they took the dim sum off the menu, but it's constantly evolving. Right now, the melon shrimp lunch special is probably the best. And if you like your food extra spicy, tell your server to mix up the sauces.
I love this place!  My fiance and I stop by for dinner about once a month,  yet the wait staff always remember us.  We almost always eat at the Bar top because there is never a wait,  and the service is usually much faster.  Some dishes are clearly better than others but anyone can find something they'll like.  The cocktails are all hand crafted and unique,  and they make a killer Manhattan.
My boyfriend and I love P.F Changs. Not this location! It was our first visit here. My boyfriend is here on a business trip and we decided to go out for a nice dinner. Well, not the best restaurant experience. It was still wonderful, since I was with his company:) Food was great and our waitress was ok. And they are the reason i'm giving it two stars. Otherwise, i'd be giving it none. Costumer service when we first walked in was HORRIBLE. We totally got ignored by the manager, who's name i believe is johnny, rudely bypassed us and decided to first sit the people behind us. He had clearly seen us. Ugh! So rude! First impressions are so important, and i was already ready to walk out seconds after walking in. But decided to still give this place another try and  waited for the real hostess to seat us, but it was still a challenge since she said we couldn't get our seating of choice, when clearly there was free tables. We had to wait until there was one "available" seating of our choice. Upsetting. I had lost my appetite... I think that's why we had to doggy bag most of our food. I've never had such bad experience at any restaurant like here, specially not within my first min of walking in. But, decided to stay and enjoy our dinner, inspite. Food was really good and our waitress was friendly and kept checking up on us. But, we will definitely NOT come here again. Don't expect good service here. Prepare to be ignored. Also utensils had dry gunk on them waitress had to bring replacement, no iced tea refills until we were about to pay our bill. "Uh, no thanks"
Oh, as we were walking out the same "manager" was at hostess station.  We asked for parking validation to hostess; and manager just stared, no words, while the hostess bid us good evening.

Ps. Check your doggy bag before you leave, seemed like not all my left over food was there. And they had to add something that was left out from a separate to go order.

Good luck! :)
Let me try to be brief..Stay Away from this pf changs including their rude floor manager Jonny that was just an ass or very ignorant!!..Greasy plates,greasy utensils and i guess our waitress kyleigh eat half of my main course that  i asked to be packed togo because my togo food came back in a lil box which i didn't realize til i got home!!Food Great , Kyleigh gave great service but my food probably didn't fit in the box so she threw it out or eat it LoL!!! True Story...You'll regret not listening if you decide to dine here!!..
I had just left the  masjid where I attend for both Friday prayer and daily prayers and met with some friends on the way to Changs and I decided to tag along . I loved it. The dynamite shrimp was perfectly cooked and Matt our server was attentive but not intrusive  and was really respectful of my religious situation  . A diverse crowd and some great brotherhood. Thank you Changs and thank you Matt enjoyable nice time .
I think this is store #2 in the Chang's family (Tempe).  Paul Flemming had a good idea back in the early 90s and its come to be what to expect in mid-level Chinese...but as with most restaurants there is a level of obsolescence that has touched this chain.  Its still a great go-to for meeting up but there are a lot better options out there.
Little late on my review, I came here a few weeks ago while my cousin was in town for a softball tournament. The food was delicious, I ordered the 2 for 40 with my mom; she got the broccoli beef and I had the spicy chicken. The 2 for 40 came with an appetizer, soup, entrees and one sweet treat. We had their veggie spring rolls, my mom had the egg drop soup and I had the hot and spicy or whatever. We were satisfied with all of it. I also ordered a Long Island and omg, BEST LONG ISLAND I'VE EVER HAD. I wish I took a picture of it, because it was pretty too lol our service was great, we had Zach and he was a fantastic server. This place was delicious and would love to go again.
Great gluten free food. I eat at PF Changs a lot. Why, because i know i will get a great meal that is gluten free. The staff was very nice. Everything came out quick. Glad we came.
Pf Chang's has really gone downhill in the last few months. Apparently after renovations they felt like they could increase prices without actually making the restaurant better. We came in last weekend for an early dinner before a movie, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. My husband ordered a Woodford reserve on the rocks with a splash of soda water and I ordered a Woodford reserve Manhattan; my husband's glass seemed really full and watered down and I received a very sweet old fashioned. I let our waitress know about the wrong drink order, the harm no foul, but it took awhile to get my correct drink. My entree had good flavor but it was overcooked. The worst part was the bill. Two cocktails, an appetizer and two entrees cost $63 ($75 after tip)?! Each Woodford cocktail cost $10.75, what is this, scottsdale?? I bartend at a bar in Tempe and know this is price gauging. 

This will be my last visit to pf Chang's for a long time. There are too many great restaurants in the valley  to throw my hard earned toward mediocracy.
I've only been to P.F. Chang's once, with a big group of co-workers, and I remember thinking that the food there was fine, in a suburban-mall sort of way. But even though its younger sibling, Pei Wei, nails the sexy interior design and appealing assortment of pan-Asian entrees you'd want in this sort of place, the execution leaves a lot to be desired. 

We perused the menu and settled on three hard-to-fumble options: a Thai-style green chicken curry, orange-peel beef, and Pei Wei spicy chicken --- their approximation of General Tso's --- plus a side of edamame. Each entree came with a choice of white or brown rice.

As we waited for our food, I remarked that the decor seemed unexpectedly pleasant, maybe even nice enough for a casual date.  It's the kind of place you can imagine popping into while shopping, a little more upscale than the food court, but not a 'for-real' restaurant.

The edamame were served warmish, and tasted just like they do everywhere else. The Pei Wei chicken turned out to be everyone's favorite, although I definitely wouldn't call it spicy (even though the menu does). We enjoyed the green curry's flavor, although the chicken turned out more like meat-jelly, probably the result of over-marinating. The beef was the disappointment of the bunch, a sitcky-sweet mess of strangely chewy meat garnished with with huge slices of carrot... huh? The accompanying white rice was fine, but the brown rice was seriously undercooked: It rattled like gravel when stirred.
I love this place -- it's my favorite restaurant around here. I like every dish I've tried, which is about 10 of them.
One of the best hangover foods you can get.  Always had good food from this place.  Never disappointed.
What I love about Pei Wei is that they cook the food to order.  It isn't steam table food.  Their Mongolian Beef is a real winner.  The meat is tender, not chewy, and because it is cooked fresh, the thicker pieces still have a faint pink inside.
I'm going to get shot for saying this but I don't care... I typically prefer Americanized Chinese food to its' "authentic" counterpart. Yup, I'd rather eat here than 80% of SMR. I'm entitled to my opinion, no matter how stupid or weird it is damnit ! The place is clean, I don't get nasty MSG bloat after eating here, and the service is actually good. It's reliable and I don't get weird grisley meat pieces like you get in hole in the wall type spots. I have my reasons, and sometimes good ole reliable Pei Wei is a better option for me than being "adventurous" and eating the fish swimming around the murky smelly tank in Chinatown !


What I love about Pei Wei:
*Quick - I can order online and pick it up in 10 minutes
*Cheap and reliable
*I can add on teriyaki noodles for like $2 
*I can make my rice into fried rice for $1 more
*Honey seared chicken ROCKS

Yup, Pei Wei never lets me down !
Pei Wei is good Asian food. Everybody can find a suitable dish, even vegetarians. The brown rice is perfect every time. The chopsticks are made from quality wood. The napkins are huge and thick. I only wish they would bring back the scallops!
Good food. Good Price. Clean. Friendly. Should be 5 stars, but I won't be back because they took the two best items off the menu: 

COCONUT CURRY CHICKEN 
LEMON PEPPER CHICKEN 

It's like McDonald's gettin rid of their hamburger and fries!
dinner last night here was very filling. it was my very first time here and i am sure to be a returning customer. i had no cravings last night so my boyfriend decided he was craving some pei wei. once he knew i never been it was for sure we were going. for the two of us with two entrees, crab wontons (4), and cups of water the total was right under $20.00. I had the tofu and veggie teriyaki bowl with steamed brown rice. It came out in a huge bowl overflowing of colorful veggies. The tofu was thinly sliced and reminded me of mushrooms covered in some addicting sauce. the veggies cookies just right with huge pieces of bright green broccoli and an overload of green snap peas. the steamed brown rice was so soft and went just right with the mix of everything. I stole a crab wonton and was surprised with how much crab was actually stuffed in that little pastry. the spicy sweet sauce they were sat up on went perfect with it enough to make me want to eat all 4 of them, but i know i had to share with Dan T. I couldn't be greedy.
I was pleased with my first time pei wei dine. I did wish they had the heat on though because it was very chilly inside. chilly enough i didn't want to drink my water. that was the only downside for dining in there. I loved the food though and am pleased to have leftovers for days now in my little take out box.
This is a decent place for Asian food. It's not great, but it's ok. It's on par with other middle-of-the-road chain restaurants. I enjoy some of the basic entrees here and appreciate its close proximity and ease of online ordering. When I've got a craving for Asian and am feeling lazy, this place works.
I decided to grab some Pei Wei for dinner last night, something quick & easy. The BF & I come to this location since it's down the street from the casa. As soon as I walked in the door, I was greeted by whom I'm assuming is the manager. There are some younger people working there and they're not the friendliest but we normally take the food to-go. I ordered the Thai Dynamite shrimp for the BF & I got the Spicy Korean w/shrimp for myself, brown rice for the both of us. Both those dishes and most on the menu are good with Tofu. The crab wontons are good too, I love the sweet chili sauce that comes with the order.
I only came to this place because I have some coworkers that love this place so I went along.  Not ever having been here I decided to go with the Orange Chicken (white meat) entree with the fried rice.  The employee's at the counter taking my order were not that friendly but I made small talk with them and they seemed to be more friendlier...they must have been having a bad day or something.  My coworker's and I seated ourselves and when our food was ready it was brought over to us.  We got extra plates and shared some of our food with each other to see what we liked and disliked.
The food is ok...I mean it's not anything special.  Nothing really stood out to me like I must have this again.
All in all, they like to come here but then they must not enjoy eating great food!  I've had it twice and I most-likely won't go back unless I'm dragged again kicking and screaming!
I have eaten here a few times. The first few times were good but the last two times my food order has been wrong. The staff don't seem to care. Crazy but service is really just as important as food quality when it comes to restaurants
Not bad, not bad at all. 

I came here not expecting much at all, thinking it's going to be similar to panda express.. But I was wrong!

The ambiance is actually very nice: dimmed in dark red lighting. Open kitchen area so you can see exactly the cook's preparation process, and the ordering area which is divided for dine-in and to-go. I would consider it pretty romantic for a casual place. 

Decided to do take-out (since the Laker game was on) and took about 15 minutes or so for the food to be ready. Even though its not a long wait, I will order online or over the phone to be more convenient next time. 

The price is about $7-$12 depending on what you order and I was not disappointed with the portion. I think I would rather come here than Pf changs! (Pf changs own this place, only this place is half the price of Pf changs) the food was good but talk about sodium city!
If you ever crave P.F. Chang's, but would prefer to avoid the pretentiousness and cut the cost, Pei Wei is a great alternative. They serve a similar menu, many of the dishes are the exact same, but at a slight to drastic price difference. 

The atmosphere is not inferior by any means. Instead of the dark, rich colors that signifies fine dining, Pei Wei goes for a more simplistic motif. The open windows creates lighting that give this place a comfortable feel, and the plush booths add to this sentiment. The large menu board up front, leading towards the cashier, is easy to read and directs the flow of guest. Once you order, you sit down, they bring your food, and the rest is self serve. It is a more upscale version of fast food. 

My friends and I enjoy the chicken lettuce wraps. The portion is large enough to share between three. PFC- $7.95 PW-$6.95 I am not one to over stuff my lettuce, so we usually run out before the filling is gone. I have asked for extra wrappers and they have complied without making a fuss. Bonus points for a better tip. Another popular starter are their crab wontons. They are filled with bits of crab, scallions, red peppers, and cream cheese. Usually I avoid cream cheese, but am a sucker for rangoons. For an order of six you pay $4.95 compared to the $6.95.

Now for the main course. You get to choose from a variety of different styles, and the cost varies depending on your protein. Tofu and veggies run the cheapest at $7.50 and shrimp cost the most at $9.25. Orange Peel is similar to orange chicken and works well with all, but I prefer the tofu and veggies in this sauce. The Thai Coconut Curry is just as great with no meat. The green beans are the best in this ensemble. Now here is where you will see the big difference in your receipt. If you order the Orange Peel Chicken at Pei Wei, it will cost you $8.25. At P.F. Chang's, it is $13.75. With the savings from that alone you can go down the street and get a crepe from The Crepe Shack for dessert. The best part is that you get a choice between brown or white rice. You technically get a third option of fried rice, but that comes at an up-charge.

This place is great for those who want their favorite dishes, but do not have the time or money. You will also save more because you leave a tip for the busser. Cashier, as well, if they are extra helpful.

Although it is not authentic Chinese, Japanese, Korean or Vietnamese food. All my favorite cuisines, by the way. Sometimes you can learn to appreciate the Americanize spin on classics.
Was psyched to hear they have a gluten-free menu. Although there are only 2 flavors-Pei Wei Spicy & the sweet & sour. That's good for my SO since he likes sweet & sour. I'm not a s&s fan so I'm stuck with just rice- would have liked the spicy but it's made with chicken broth so not vegetarian friendly which explains why they only list meat options on their gluten-free menu. If they would switch to veggie broth then we would get takeout weekly. But I can't get satisfied with just rice so they lost my biz. Staff is friendly but some really have no clue about the gf menu - for take out they gave packets of regular soy sauce when they have gf tamari. 2 stars because they made an attempt, and with a few tweaks could be a 4 or even 5 star.
the location is convenient being it is literally across the street! i've gone a couple times for lunch and dinner in the past couple weeks. i like their speedy service and self serve takeout boxes and fortune cookies. the dining area looks like it seats about 40 or less, it's a good thing i've never experienced a busy, busy pei wei. i love the fried rice. also had spicy korean beef and pei wei spicy. i would recommend having chicken pei wei spicy and ask for the chicken not to be battered = deeeelishhh! :)
This was horrific. Flavorless and lacking any character. I had the Orange steak, marked as spicy, almost no flavor. I got a tiny bit of heat and only tasted orange if I bit a piece of rind. The rice was seriously overcooked and blown out. Also had the Hot and sour soup, No hot no sour, only what appeared to be a gelatinous gummy mass from too much corn starch. My roommate opted for the chicken fried rice. All you could taste is salt and oil. She also had the egg rolls. Once again the predominant flavor was the cooking oil. I really did not even have high expectations. Just Chinese takeout. I expected oil and salt. But really Pei Wei has raised the bar on how poorly simple dishes can be prepared. The staff was about as would be expected at this price point, nothing to write home about. Unfortunate really since the restaurant space was nice and clean as well as appropriately lit and appointed. I definitely will not be going back and likely will be guiding friends away from this establishment.
Five stars because, as far as "fast" Americanized Asian food goes, this for me really is as good as it gets.

It's made to order, unlike Panda Express, and you can expect some actual meat in your breaded chicken, unlike Pick up Stix. It's quality. Yeah, it's a little more expensive than those places, but if you can spare the couple dollars, it's worth it.

The Mongolian beef is my favorite. It's always full of flavor. This trip, the flavor was phenomenal. Before we moved to Henderson, we frequented Pei weis in Orange County, and while it was typically good/great, occasionally this dish would be overly salty. Yet this is the second time in the Vegas area that I've been blown away by how perfect the flavor was--once in Summerlin and now here (and we haven't been here that long).

The meat today was a little fattier than I'm used to here. Hopefully it will be better next time, but it won't stop me from coming back. If anything, I will return in the hopes that the sauce will be as tasty as it was this trip.

The Bf's Honey-seared chicken was pretty good too.
this place is good for family,  The price is right and they serve good beer.  The food is pretty good four stars are for the service.  I don't like looking over at the kitchen and seeing the cooks eat food while they are cooking so that is why they get one star deduction
For me this is as good as Chinese food gets on this level. 

They use all white meat chicken. None of their meat is fatty or full of grease either!

Vegetables are cooked to perfection.. cooked to a perfect crispiness. 

The ordering & food serving concept is efficient and great as well. 

Price isn't too bad either..A couple dollars more than those nasty C rated places but WAY worth it. 

This chain is owned by PF Changs so your always guaranteed to get a consistant, good quality meal here :)
The food and service were very good! Thank you Ivy for great service! I had the Chang's Spicy lunch with light sauce... But the sauce was not light. So service great, food ok... Cooks didn't t pay attention to customer request...which is not good
My second time here and again very pleased with the food and the overall cleanliness of the establishment.  I wish that the cashier was a little more personable but, she did a good job.  Food is not spicy enough even when you tell them #10.  Good for a chain
I really enjoyed this place. Sure, it's a chain, but good food is good food. Plus, we don't have one where I live. The service was friendly and fast, and the prices were right down my line. I needed to save a few pennies for the casinos. I can't wait to get to another Pei Wei. Hopefully it'll be as god ad this location.
Loove me some Pei Wei! Boyfriend isn't a fan, so whenever I end up eating alone, this is my go-to. 

I have a bad habit of ordering the same thing over and over once I find something I like, so I can only say that the Dan-Dan Noodles are amazing! The eggrolls are also delicious. Taste can vary with regard to spiciness, but it's generally pretty consistent. 

Their online ordering system is my favorite and my food is ready and waiting on time, every time. The staff is super friendly. 

Great stop for some quick, tasty Asian food (I believe they cover at least 5 different Asian cuisines).
Love Pei Wei.  Good quality food.   Chicken is all white meat.  Very friendly staff.
My shrimp Lo Mein Diner Select was missing some veggies as listed on the menu, and they were added after I pointed that out. My meal was to go, and when I got home I found there was no sauce on the entree. The menu lists a red wine sauce and garlic, and I tasted neither in this meal. It tasted like no seasoning was added at all.
The hot & sour soup, however, was very good. I've had some very good entrees at Pei Wei, and this was the worst.
At this Pei Wei and other Las Vegas area locations, the same thing has happened with missing ingredients when I get meals to go. All in all, a pretty disappointing meal.
Not worth the money. First time I came here & ordered the spicy Korean from the lunch menu. There wasn't much flavor to the dish other than being spicy. The rice was dry,the chicken was dry. You're better off at panda express. 2 stars for the nice decor & friendly service.
Good fresh food always hot and honestly way too much but it's so good you just keep eating.
I debated giving 1 or 2 stars.  I decided on 2 because the employees/service/atmosphere is definitely a plus.  In particular I found the employees to be very helpful, friendly and fast.

But the food just isn't very good.  The menu descriptions sound exciting and make me want to try every one.  Unfortunately the dishes are overly sweetened to mask the fact they are missing any real flavor.  So you end up with a dry and tasteless dish.  I have tried 3 different items and came away with the same impression on all of them.

I will wait a few months and see if they make any changes before giving them another chance.  The prices are fair and service is good, so if they figure out they need to improve the food they might be able to turn it around.
This place is great! I love the chicken dishes here, pure white meat.. my favorite. You can eat here relatively healthy and all under $10. The service is pretty decent. I was surprised how slow it was during the lunch hour. Maybe we just weren't here long enough to see a crowd. Location is key for a lot of places and this location is definitely not close to where I live or work, but the co-workers and I were craving some Asian cuisine and this filled our appetites.
I recommend the Orange Peel, Caramel, or Coconut Curry.. yeum
PeiWei is always a great, consistent choice.  Their food is unique and well prepared, and the restaurant is successful in being simultaneously casual and trendy. It's a perfect blend between cheap fast food chinese and upscale PF Chang quality.
Clean, fast, tasty what more can you ask for? Just avoid the Korean Chicken IMO worst thing on menu full of good stuff.
Honey seared chicken is so good.  Pork egg rolls a bit greasy though.
The wonton soup is absolutely delicious! The Thai basil makes the difference. Their spring rolls are also great and anything that has Pei Wei on the menu is a must-try. If you're a vegan or vegetarian their tofu is delicious. It's nicely seared and well-seasoned.
Love it, I got the curry chicken. Could have used more curry but was still good. Also got some crab wontons which were sooooo good.  My manager got the fried rice which she really enjoyed also.
I really love Pei Wei! For the price, I think it's the freshest, tastiest Asian food you can get. Always white breasts in all their chicken dishes which is so much healthier!  Service is always excellent, even when they are busy. Great online deals too!
Good food and quick service. That's all ask for of any restaurant. One very useful tip I want to mention is for yelpers with kids. In the past we used to get the kids meal but I was informed that if I go ahead and order a side of lo mien with just lo mein sauce it comes out a little cheaper. With my daughter (like most kids) she just wanted noodles. I ordered the side of noddles, saved a little money and we've been ordering that ever since.

Thanks.
We had the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls and they had a great taste to them. Their not spicy at all and the dipping sauces were great also. This appetizer comes with a sweet chili sauce and a Thai Peanut Dipping Sauce.
I really like the food. For years my favorite dish was the Thai Coconut Curry (with added veggies) white or brown rice depending on my mood. 
Now I get the Gluten Free Pei Wei Spicy Combo ...it almost has an orange chicken vibe to it. Pretty delicious. The GF Vietnamese Rolls were pretty tasty as well.
The fresh brewed orange iced tea is also a favorite.
This location is good for dine in, but I usually get takeout. I like that can help yourself to the condiments when dining in.
I love their spicy choices, It's fast and freshly cooked . I always order mine with extra vegetables. Sometimes they charge a $1 for this. Thai Dynamite chicken is one one of my favorites.
Driving south on Eastern after being in class all morning, I needed to stop for a quick lunch but  wanted good food,not just fast food. Stopped at Pei Wei. I ordered Spicy Chicken. My  buddy had a salad. My dish had a good amount of stir fried chicken with a mixture of stir fried vegetables  and some rice. Very tasty and not too spicy. More than enough for a lunch portion, all for under $7. My buddy had a lunch salad. It was a large portion. He reported that it was delicious. This is an excelent alternative to a fast food joint.
Decided to give them another try, as my 1st visit was week one.

The Thai wonton soup - tasteless broth with a couple of chards of something green w/ 3 tiny undercooked hard-as-a-rock wontons.

Thai chicken lettuce cups - very fresh and well formed lettuce - more chopped cucumber than was called for - the chicken was overcooked, and tasteless except for the overabundance of  (probably not fresh) line juice and sugar.

See ya!
It's ok. I only went because they sent me a coupon in the mail, and I probably won't go back unless I get another coupon.
~$6 for a small plate, which comes with white/brown rice, meat, and a sauce. I don't think the food tastes any better than Panda Express, but they do have more 'healthy' options, since you can get your meat steamed instead of fried. Also, the prices are much higher than Panda for the amount of food you get.
Another strike against this location: they have a coke freestyle machine, but OVER HALF of the soda choices were empty! Including all Diet choices! Seriously??
Basically, there are way too many other choices in the area to go back to Pei Wei unless I get another free entre coupon in the mail.
Decent Asian fusion food.  The open air configuration of the restaurant can tend to make the place noisy, so not the spot for a romantic interlude.  The service was above average.
Crispy honey shrimp, 1,000 calories plus, but darn good eatin'.  

If you want to make your tastebuds happy, you can here.  But any main dish worth chowing down on will dig into your calorie purse big time.  And don't get me started on desserts:  The rich and crazy chocolate and raspberry layered cake is nearly 3,000 calories.  The mini size is over 300 calories.  That's just a snack for someone like olympic swimmer Michael Phelps, but for the rest of us that spells diabetic coma. (Tip: Don't broadcast the calorie count of every single menu item.  Most people don't really want to know.)  

This location has a boomerang-like or half-circle set-up.  I liked it.  The bar was loud on a Friday night, but not crowded.  You're not going to hear your cell phone at all there.  

Drink-wise, I highly recommend the organic green tea, served hot.  That stuff is quality.  Also, their mojitos are fantastic: lots of lemon and mint, very refreshing and not too sweet.  

There were 6 of us at a huge table and we ate and gabbed for so long that the waiter did a cute little sit down and said hi and then got up quickly and left.  I thought he was being flirty and getting off of his feet for a second, but the more wise and knowing in our group realized he was politely saying "beat it, we need to feed others." (Tip: it's called a lazy susan.  If you have a big group at a round table, you're gonna' see one of these.  We had zero lazy susan skills all night.  I think if you're going to drink, just be prepared to eat someone else's dish, or get dizzy trying to get to yours.)

I'm not a big fan of chains when dining in my home town.  I think chains can make the big, bad scary world of restaurants a teeny more comfy when traveling when you're feeling less adventurous.  But compared to Tempe's PF Chang's location, this one's better and you really can enjoy your meal here.  It's nice to see cars parked there that you will never be able to afford, or take a stroll past tempting shops nearby.

Note: If you are wheelchair bound or in a power chair, the table height at this location is high enough for you to eat like everyone else when seated at the table.  You don't have to be too far from your plate or too high up.  It's just right.
I know it's a chain. But I had a coupon for a free appetizer and a $25 gift card to use. Lunch came out to $4 and change- hard to beat. Our server, Regina, was fantastic- patient, personable, and professional.

Newly quasi-vegetarian Hubby had the coconut curry vegetable dish and really liked it, except for the bizarre texture of the "silky tofu." It was like warm custard in a chewy rectangle. We're just learning about  this tofu thing. I had the Cantonese scallops which were cooked well, but should have been cleaned better- most had some grit. The dish was a little mild, even for this Midwestern girl. The crispy green bean app was really good- green beans flash fried in a salty tempura so the beans also stayed crisp.

Look, people. "Cheating" on Big Wong and Gourmet House with PF Chang's is like Hubby cheating on me with a blow-up doll. It doesn't exactly count. It was just a cheap thrill when we found ourselves on the wrong side of town.
Their shrimp dishes are great- but you can get the same meal at any of their locations.  Drinks are average.  Service has always been good, so for that I'd pick this PF Changs over others.  Who am I kidding?  I just love Kierland Commons!
First off- do not order or eat the lettuce wraps.  A lady friend of mine that worked here explained how they come up with the filling for that dish and it's not appetizing.  Other than that it's OK, but their newer sister stores "Pei Wei" are better.  There are better places to eat.
Chang's Spicy Chicken makes me go...Ding du du du ding ding ...nu nu nuh! Fan-freaking-tastic.
I love PF Changs...which we have renamed PF-Twang-Bangers...or PF Chizzle in Scotts-Dizzle.


I know how mature right....
Best way to go about it...

Big huge pot of tea- I like the OOLONG Dragon Eye
Calamari with the salt and pepper dip...
An order of the Spicy Chicken...bow wow chicka chicka...
Brown Rice of course!
And an order of MooShoo pork ask him to put half in a box to take home for late night munchie factor...
Followed by 2 fortune cookies...always spin them, whatever way the points are pointing thats yours!!

Oh yeah and remember after reading your fortune.. you must say "IN BED" loudly after reading it.....makes it better.

Rock on Twangs.
PF Changs stinks. Lousy food, lousy drinks, lousy service.
PF Changs is an A-OK Americanized chain Chinese restaurant...

Maybe I should just refer to it as PF Chain?  

No matter how I refer to it, I have no problem going to PF Changs - especially when I'm with a group of people that cannot decide where to go.  PF Changs to the rescue - there is something on the menu for everyone... vegetarians, meat eaters, boring bland food fans, seafood lovers, spicy enthusiasts, etc... they offer white rice, brown rice, noodles, and I suppose no-carb dishes if you eliminate all of the above.  

I actually ordered PF Changs to-go recently and despite the fact that they did not include utensils of any sort in their packaging, the eggplant dish I ordered and the steamed shrimp and veggies with brown rice really hit the spot.  

If you're going to eat at a chain, PF Changs is not a bad option... while it's never my first choice of restaurants to dine at, you can't go wrong at PF Changs either... just don't expect anything too authentic and you'll be fine.
Their Orange peel shrimp is soooooooooooooo good. I also like the ambience. Good Americanized chinese food :)
Went here about two months ago and am only now getting around to reviewing it. I think that should stand for something in terms of my experience there.

The service was ridiculous. If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean. Or your plates for that matter. Or silverware. Seriously! Did EVERYTHING have to be covered in grit or a mysterious sticky substance?

Next up... the menu. Not everyone eats meat. How about a little more choices for us who prefer tofu over dead animal?

I ordered the Coconut Curry Vegetables. Bland bland bland. I've had more flavor out of an unseasoned packet of ramen. And would it kill them to actually put some tofu on the plate?

I guess I just don't understand the hype. The prices are ridiculous for the quality received. You're better off going to some little hole in the wall place where the food actually tastes like food and not reheated leftovers.
Love the lettuce wraps, there awesome! The chicken lo mein is really good as well and a lil shot of dessert at the end of the meal is perfection! not to expensive good food!
I'm having a hard time deciding btwn 2 or 3 stars. My first visit ever to a PF Changs. I am liking the outdoor seating. Looks like a great place to mingle. Liking the interior and enjoyed the round table our party set at with the lazy-susan in the middle that spins. Really impressed with the care and kindness of the staff in general and the manager. Some of the best attentiveness I have come across in lunching in AZ in a long while. 
Glad they didn't add the gratitude to our party of 6 lunch tab. Because we split the bill in 5ths to celebrate a birthday and our waiter (James) was awesome and we gave him more than the standard tip.  And I think tacking on gratitude is a tacky move for lousy service in many cases.

But I sampled several things on the menu from among our table; Garlic noodles by far was the tastiest to me, Spring rolls had an old greasy after taste, Lettuce rolls looked gross yet why they are so popular I've no clue for they taste so-so, hot n spicy soup well I have had better elsewhere, chicken fried rice- well it was slightly different but not enough to win me back, and last sesame chicken - very pretty to look at but I have certainly had more flavorful in less fancier places. 

So you see what score do I rate them when the atmosphere and service is grand but the food not so grand? 

My friends love the place. Couldn't believe I had never been to one in neither AZ or WA. And though I may return because my friends pick the place and I not put up a strong protest, because it's a comfortable place. I'm sure I want be selecting it or likely to return otherwise... unless its to drink heavily at the full bar and hangout with friends. Most likely I'll eat somewhere else first. But then if I drink heavily maybe the food will taste as well as it is presented? Now that might be why my friends think the food is so grand! 

Also I must say that this location is a wonderful people watching destination. The cross of cultures, the fashions and uniforms that arrive made want to talk to everyone. Also for that reason I'm going to say this place is dressy rather than casual. And lastof all the waitstaff all so cute and young made me wish they could have had a few cute mature waiters to look at and drool over since these could have all been my children age wise. 

I'd like to give them 2 and half stars but since I can't I'll be generous and say its 3, because they're so nice. But if I visit again you'll have to earn all stars fully based on menu.
I must say that the company I was with made my experience pretty good hence the four stars. Plus I was hungry and the bartender was really sweet and the food was not bad at all. 

We ordered some pan fried shrimp dumplings, the crab wontons, VIP Duck and the chicken with orange sauce. Everything was pretty tasty except the chicken with orange sauce or orange peel or orange whatever was too orangey (is that a word?) The duck was tender and not fatty like some places and the dumplings and wontons were really good with the sauces we had. 

I do like the dessert menu they offer as they have $2.00 mini's that come in a huge shot glass. Too many to list here (sorry) but I ended up getting the cherry cheesecake and it was really, really good. My friend got the fried bananas they were wrapped like egg rolls and deep fried and came with four different dipping sauces and ice cream. Not too shabby. Top it off with some wine and good company and a girl is very happy. 

So there you have it. You will either love it or hate it at PF Changs and on this particular night, I loved it.
As you can tell by my other reviews I seldom frequent large factory restaurants..but, when driving around Keirland trying to make up your mind what to eat at close to 8:30pm,  P.F. Changs to the rescue! 

My wife and I sat at the bar, 45 min. wait for a table was too much...sat next to the service bar, the young lady bartender at this station needs a medal!  She was pouring drinks for servers, talking to servers, bantering with customers next to us, and verbally taking our order without a miss!  Had a good laugh with her regarding the fact a guy couldn't do that! (it was a joke men, really!)  So to say the least service was great!

The food, well....(**insert shrug**), One of our dishes was extremely salty, commented to our amazing bartender and 2 min. later the manager came up to us and said, "we will make you a new one to go for you, give us a minute."  Now that my friends is the way to handle a customer complaint!  Very cool, and I will think fondly of PF Changs just for the way they handled our complaint!

As for the food...from my previous experiences the appetizers are all  good, some of the entree's are overly sugared, but good..noodle dishes are usually good.  My favorite being chow fun.
We decided on PF Changs based mostly on it's FANTASTIC gluten free menu. Before we my recent discovery, we would only go to this restaurant only at last resort. Our family is not really into the Americanized chain restaurant concept and wait a hour for semi par food. Tonight we had a 7:30 reservation and arrived a couple minutes earlier, as we walked into the door towards the hostess counter we were instantly handed a beeper. Annoying. After twenty minutes after our reservation we were seated. We luckily had a fabulous server who was truly busting his butt. (They were definitely understaffed on a Saturday night) 

I ordered the gluten free lettuce wraps (ahh... I will admit they do have the best lettuce wraps!) and some gluten free citrus chicken. My place I was served with was a tad dirty but they sincerely apologized and retrieved me a new plate. (I'll forgive them this time!) I thought it was extremely thoughtful that they had such an extensive menu and even had gluten free soy sauce! (No San J this trip!) So the lettuce wraps came out smoothly and then our meals came... uh well most of them. They had seemed to have forgotten my meal. (which was not the end of the world, just a tad frustrating) About ten minutes later and when the rest of my family's meals mostly gone, my chicken dish had arrived. It was pretty decent, I must say I enjoy the gluten free chicken dishes better than the fried greasy mess that they sometimes serve you. 

We were later shown the "shot glass" deserts and the small gluten free desert but they really did look unappealing. Oh well, Yogurt Builders we go! :)

Overall really just a so-so meal but I really do love that they have a great gluten free menu in such a large chain restaurant. Sometimes when you are at an unknown local something recognized is always great especially when you are certain what you will eat will not make you sick. I probably will go back based on that but I will ALWAYS make a reservation! There was a party sitting next to us when we were waiting that were still there after our meal, I mean is it really worth it?
Pf changs is pretty good, there changs spicy chicken is a really good dish, the service is great! I go there almost every two weeks.
I visited a P.F. Chang's for the first time yesterday. We were looking for someplace nice that opened before noon on Sunday when we drove by Kierland Commons, and there it was.

I'm not much into large chains, but at least this one was started in Scottsdale, and the company is headquartered in Scottsdale, so I consider it local.

I've been to Pei Wei several times, but whenever I suggested P.F. Chang's, my husband thought of the downtown Scottsdale location, where parking is a bit of an ordeal. Not so at this north Scottsdale location.

A hostess opened the door as we arrived, and we were seated immediately. Service was excellent throughout the meal. I ordered the Buddah's Delight (Vegetable medley with five-spice tofu served steamed or stir-fried, $7.95). My husband ordered the same thing as a Lunch Bowl with Egg-Drop Soup. I wasn't sure if the hot and sour soup was vegan, so I passed on the soup. His "lunch bowl" portion was smaller than my entree portion, so we switched. The vegetables were perfect--broccoli, snow peas, green beans, carrots. The tofu was the same style as that at Pei Wei. I don't know how they prepare it, but it's delicious. We both had brown rice.

Our entire check, with iced tea that was never empty, was around $22--an excellent bargain for a good vegan meal in a nice atmosphere with great service.
I haven't been to a PF Changs in almost 2 years & my girlfriend Renee was in town & mentioned she loved this place. I had a $50 gc so I figured it was the perfect place to go. We got there around 2pm on new years eve. It was pretty packed & they said there was a 15 minute wait. We sat at the bar to order a cocktail while we waited. Not even a minute later they said a table opened up. I forgot her name, but our server was really sweet & talked about the Bucks with my lunch date (she lives in Ohio & goes to school there). 

For starters we ordered the chicken lettuce wraps. A pretty yummy app but nothing special IMO, Renee loved it though. For cocktails; Renee ordered the organic agave marg & I ordered the pf-x. Both were yummy but mine was amazing! For our entrees we decided to share the crispy honey shrimp & the orange peel chicken, both with white rice. Always thinking of my hubby, I ordered him the almond & cashew chicken (but ditch the almonds & add extra cashews) to go. All entrees were good, but again nothing special & overpriced if you ask me. Our server was kind enough to offer a couple dessert shots on the house, we ordered the raspberry cheesecake & triple chocolate mousse. Both were pretty good & the perfect size. 

Total (without tip) was $73, ugh-so glad I had that $50 gc! Overall the food & drinks were good, but I'm not really dying to come back.
as much as i abhor chains, they have a kickass happy hour. especially when you have gift cards and then you can eat and drink for 2, with a bill of about 3bucks.

since i've yet to find any decent dim sum places in the valley, we tried their vegetable, shrimp, and edamame dim sum and it was good (yes, we've lived just a block from san francisco's china town and we've had great dim sum, so i've had some experience). the lettuce wraps are always a good go-to as well. 

no line for today's happy hour, but i'm sure next sunday it will be packed after their sponsored marathon. but i surely can't complain. the service, as usual, was excellent. like i said, great happy hour specials. i don't think i've ever eated a "meal" there though. will have to try!
The Happy Hour is fabulous.  The food is always fanastic.  The service is occasonally slower than other restaurants, but worth the wait.  
I am not impressed with the seating hostess, too young and uncaring.
Food 5 stars.
Service 3 stars.
Desserts 5 stars.
Super expensive and the waiter is not nice at all.
Eh, this place is okay. It's decent for a big chain, and the prices are fairly good. We both got a slightly sick stomach after eating here, and we believe it's from the food being too oily. We would return for convenience or if friends are going there, but we wouldn't go on our own.
My rating is based on my experience at the Kierland Commons location. I have been a P.F. Chang's customer since they opened, and have hosted many business lunches, family lunches, dinners an special occasions over the past years.

2 stars for marginal service & average food quality. This chain started off as 4 stars and has been in a steady decline since 2006.

I just gave P.F. Chang's a chance to redeem themselves last week with a party of 8. The food was a 3, the overall experience was below average. I tried to engage the server and have some fun but she was a ROBOT and did the absolute minimum.
This PF Changs has such a classy feel to it. I felt relaxed and really enjoyed the ambiance. The new munu is much easier to read and has a nice flow. We just missed Happy Hour, but it looks like there are some really good drinks and specials! We sat at the bar, which was really clean and we had spectacular service from Brian and Ryan. I like how they write the batender's names on a card so you know who they are. Seemed to provide a more personal touch. I had wine, hubby had beer. Nice, clean glasses. I'm glad they have Veggie options here! Had coconut tofu, which was perfection. The oolong seabass he ate even looked good to me! It was on a bed of this really good looking spinach, cooked just right. We were too full for dessert, so didn't have any of that.
It really was an awesome dining experience. The noise level, lighting, and decorations were just perfect.
Short and Sweet....

Food - Mediocre at best

Service - Poor

I just don't get the popularity of PF Changs. Whenever I buy lunch for my office and warehouse they choose Changs. I always try a different dish and am never satisfied. How much gourmet-tized Panda express items can be had at this joint? I keep trying to find an item I could put in the memory bank for the innevitable future order for the workers. So far I have not found that dish.
 This is by far and wide Americanized, Sticky, Salty and Sweet Chinese food with a limited vegetable offering.  I have had the Sea Bass which was dry and refused to flake. I have had the Mushu Pork and this dish was out of the many, the better of the rest. The Duck was dry and the skin lacked that aromatic licorice roasted skin flavor. Then there is the Panda Express Staples. Orange chicken, Lemon Chicken, Sweet and Sour, Beef Mongolllian, Beef With Brocoli, Low Mein, Kung Pao etc. 
 It may be for you if you like that kind of food. I find it to be very overpriced for mediocre food. If it was fantastic you could not put a price on this that I would not pay. I will say, I went to the restaurant and ordered Ma Pao Tofu and it was at least better than expected.
 If you like more "City" style chinese food I do suggest Nee House although their  service sucks, Prime on Camelback, Jade Palace is pretty good, Hong Kong House on Mcdowell and for a nostalgic kick in the ass with relatively good ChinaTown dishes try Dragon Palace. These places are less expensive and taste much better than Changs. Heres a pointer too, if chinese chefs are cooking your food....well, who better?
Came in for happy hour around 930. Hostess was looking down, wasn't initially acknowledged, but greeted us nicely after passing. Waited and had to ask to be helped. Bartender was super nice and apologetic for not seeing us. He was doing what us in the industry call sidework. Ordered drinks and food right away, mahi mahi taco's were unbelievably awesome! Ended up chatting and befriending bartender(s) had a great over all experience:)
I love the lettuce wraps. Service was great! Ask for Cynthia!!! She ROCKS!
Great experience ! Good place to have a date , food was good and they have a reasonable deal for a party of two, comes with two cups of soup , one appetizer an  two entrees plus two tiny desserts for 39.95 perfect amount  for two .The best part was the awesome friendly and accommodating bartender his name was Brian ! Kinda pricey but over all good defiantly will go back an hopefully Brian will be there !
The one time I went to this restaurant, I was shocked at how high our bill was in the end, and the food was frankly not even that good.  My digestive track can be sensitive at times, and usually the only time food doesn't sit well with me is when I do something stupid like order fast food from McDonald's or Arby's.  I discovered that, for all intents and purposes, PF Chang's food went down just like McDonald's does for me, only it cost me five times as much for the experience.
Consistently good. We took advantage of the two 4-course special for $40...soup, starter, main & mini dessert. All yummy but the orange peel beef is awesome!
This is where we held the SMX Social Media Epic Dinner AZ .... the staff was amazing.  The food was even better.  I loved doing it the way we did because I got to try a lot of dishes I would not normally order.  Lots of food and dessert and everyone left happy.  Again, I can't thank the staff enough ... they were amazing and paid attention to detail.  Our waiter specifically was awesome.  I forget his name, but he was the one who could pick up an odd shaped M&M with chopsticks .. YOU ROCKED DUDE!
Good as always.  P.F. Changs never dissapoints.  I've had just about everthing on the menu, and I can't complain.  Mongolian beef is awesome.  VIP duck is terrific.  Salt and pepper praws are always a hit.  Double pan fried noodles are a must.  And orange chicken gotta love it.
Been here multiple times. Definitely would suggest their signature lettuce wrap appetizer. Service can be spotty - on good days, they're really attentive and great in general. But when they're busy, you're just lost in the masses. But you're here for the food, food quality is great. (Although in my opinion, some dishes can verge on the more saltier side) Also, my favorites are their dessert section, especially their minis (tiramisu mini is amazing!).
I love PF Changs. Well, let me rephrase that: I love PF Changs vegetarian options. When I ate meat, I wasn't the biggest fan of their food. But they have some delectable Ma Po Tofu and vegetable side dishes that tickle my fancy.

However, while eating meat, I went there and was sorely disappointed. For vegetarians, however I highly recommend the joint! For meat-eaters, meh. There is much better pan Asian cuisine.

Our waitress was funny and very attentive. We came here on a date and she recommended some amazing cocktails. The Coconut Lemon Sour was amazing. Not cloyingly sweet and hit the spot. I rarely crave cocktails, but this one is definitely craveable.

Rarely does a restaurant make yummy tofu, but they do here. In fact, I never order it at restaurants because 98% of them have boring, flavorless tofu. That is probably why people hate it. At PF Changs, you won't.
They were so nice to us when we picked up food on the way home from the airport (and were late because we made a wrong term).  PF Chang's is comfort food for me.  I always like the orange peel shrimp, the hot and sour soup, and the szechuan asparagus.
Chinese sounded good, what better place to satiate our craving than PF Chang's?  I always know what to expect out of the menu when dining here--the only thing that's noticeably different are the servers.  Pretty good for overall consistency. 

Our server was very personable and catered to our every need.  We had the crab wontons, seared ahi tuna, and chicken lettuce wraps to start. The wontons are always sinfully delicious. The tuna was dressed with an extremely salty dressing--wayyy too salty for both our palates. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps prepared broth-velveted style, (seared with chicken broth instead of oil).  These wraps are always a winner!

The main event was orange peel chicken (it was a close call between that and sesame chicken); we chose the former because of the included veggies.  Can't decide between brown and white rice?  There's always the option of having both!

We held off on dessert, but as I recall the banana dessert is amazing (bananas wrapped in egg roll wrappers, fried to crisp perfection...I think that's what they entail...).  Beware, everything is very salty; I felt parched for days.
I only get the lettuce wraps and Mongolian Beef dish. It's so darn good, I can't break away to try something else!
We went there last Sunday and had a great experience. The only mildly negative was the hosts didn't bring any kids menus to the table and we had to go up and ask for them. Other than that, I was really impressed with the server, he was informative, made great suggestions and was attentive. The food was well cooked and hot. The server did forget to ring in a side for me and instead of blaming the kitchen he went out of his way to admit his mistake so I appreciate his honesty. Needless to say, we will not hesitate to return!
You know, it's taken me a longer time to jump on the PF Chang's bandwagon than everyone else.  I'm such a fan of takeout chinese, which Chang's isn't in the same class, but I've finally come around in the past couple years.

Chang's does wonderful job on flavors of sauces and meats.  The apps are really good as well.  We loaded up this past visit, of course everyone starts with the Lettuce Wraps, but the new Tuna Tataki Crisps and Flaming Red Wontons are great additions to the menu.

I don't think I've ever really had a dish I didn't like.  The Spicy Chicken and the new Caramel Mango Chicken were tops for the day.  The Sichuan Shrimp were impressive in size and flavor.

They all got washed down with Dark & Spicy's, Yuzu Ginger Mojitos, and Coconut Lemon Sours.

Finally to pig out we split the Chocolate Dome and Banana Spring Rolls!  Walked out sleepy with big ole' smiles and feeling to need to check our blood sugar!

Darn good thing we're all runners!

(Overall, the menu is so large that at times I have a hard time finding a new dish that would satisfy my meat and veggie craving.  I know that you can add veggies to any dish and you can add meat to any veggie dish.  I usually skip the rice all together.  Would be happy to see a veggie lo mein or something instead of the rice)

Have fun picking thru the menu!!!!
I was here today for lunch with some friends.  I had the Vietnamese Crab salad.  It tasted OK but there sure wasn't much crab in it.  I'm in no rush to come back.
Love the food and the happy hour where you can experiment and try several dishes, sort of a Spanish tapa restaurant. Chicken lettuce wraps are always a winner!

Great decor, cozy, reasonable prices ... BUT a consistently uncaring, careless almost arrogant service all three times I've been here. And the wait staff isn't young and inexperience so I'm at a loss why they can't be more customer-service oriented.

Shucks. Love the food, so maybe take-out is the way to go or just avoid this location.
I enjoy PF Chang's and usually come here for lunch for their yummy vegetarian wraps. Yes, that is under their appetizer section, but I always get it for my meal and am always super satisfied after all my lettuce cups are gone. They do offer lunch specials, that will run you eight to ten bucks, that come with rice and a cup of soup, but I have never tried them because I am boring and always get the tofu wraps (seriously yummy). The service has never been great, but those veggie lettuce wraps still keep me coming back. 

I also have to mention that PF Changs is the first place I witnessed the "mini" desserts, which now I see almost everywhere. I am a huge fan of their s'mores mini! So much flavor in such a little glass, with a fun little spoon, to eat your little calorie filled (well in comparison to the full size) dessert. Nice job PF Chang's, now to train for your Rock n Roll half marathon I am running to help burn off the calories I consume at your restaurant year round...
Good gf menu!!
I love the lettuce wraps at P.F. Chang's!!! The service at this P.F. Chang's is just okay!! I wish they would be a little bit more attentive and not so unfriendly, we wont bite!! The service can definitely improve, however the food is great!!  So props for that!!
You hear quite often how people just LOVE this place.  I thought it was a regular Chinese restaurant on steroids.  We had a gift certificate so we took our friend there for his birthday.  The service was OK until we were done with our meals.  The empty, dirty plates sat on our table for a good 10 minutes while our server cleaned the tables around us.  I would be a little more understanding if it weren't close to closing time and those other dirty tables needed to be cleaned in order to be sat again, but it was about 30 minutes from close and 3/4 of the restaurant was empty. 

The food was ok.  Nee House is so much better though, without the hype.  Unless we have a gift certificate we wouldn't seek this place out.
The food was delicious and reasonably priced. But the priced went up lately and portion sizes have gone down. Food is inconsistent and I've found hairs and other things in my food before.
I called on 12/30/12 to find out how late they were open in NYE and they informed me until 10pm.
Tonight I called at approx 9pm only to be told that the pickup wouldnt be until 1030!  I hadnt even told them my order? I was then put on hold and when they came back on the phone now they were no longer taking orders.  REALLY???
I will NEVER go there!
Bogus forced wait for 30 min.  15 empty tables but scam delay and "recommendation" to wait in bar. Nice effort to drive the revenue up.

Not cool guys.  Suddenly table became available 5 minutes after NOT going to the bar. 

Food and service good overall. Just not happy with hostess.
This is the closest location to our house, so when we're in the mood for PF Changs, this is our spot.  We have our fav dishes here:

Tofu Lettuce Wraps
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfg#lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJng#QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJng

Dali Chicken

Tofu Pad Thai
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abw#aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abw

We like the unique flavor of PF Changs, but it's not on our regular rotation of restaurants anymore.  We only come by when we get the urge to have one of their signature dishes like the Dali Chicken or Tofu Lettuce Wraps.  The food tastes the same, but I think they've cut down on their portion size over the past few years while keeping prices the same.....sneaky.  For instance, with the Lettuce Wraps, we only got 3 small Lettuce leaves with the order.  In the past, we'd get 1/2 a head of Lettuce with large leaves.  Also, I remember when we would be able to share entrees and eat family style.  Now, it's not really possible.

The service here is hit & miss.  The last visit, we had to waive down our server for everything.....refill water glasses, order more Wine, WTH?!  However, the 2 visits before that our server was attentive.

Return Factor - 50%
Solid 5 stars.  I love P.F. Chang's.  I had a hiatus from Chang's, I switched Indianapolis (Circle Center's) 1 star to 3 and a note "to be reviewed again" because they served me raw chicken dumplings, challenged me like I'm lying, then checked and told the manager who was aghast and she was heartfelt and removed the appetizer charge (but I left, I did get sick from the thought of the raw chicken.)  The midwest stores are slacking.  Also King of Prussia / Plymouth Meeting, undercooked spicy chicken.  

But wow am I glad I overcame my hesitation with this impressive location outside and in.  THEN I found out this was Fleming's flagship P.F. Chang's.  This location knocked the Mongolian beef outta the park.  The chicken fried rice also.  (Why did the Chicago 'burb Chang's tell me "scallions in chicken fried rice are compulsory", to paraphrase?)  They made it w/no scallions.  My wife loved her noodles.  Great service.  Then they tried to make up for the eastern P.F. Chang's airballs w/free dessert which we politely declined since were were full.  I checked the seats, they were free of detritus.  The bathroom was tidy.  It's clear why this is the P.F. Chang's flagship.  AWESOME work, Scottsdale, AZ P.F. Chang's.  It was the best lunch on our trip.
PF Chang's is a nice place to bring a client for a Lunch meeting.

Or, maybe I should say it's a safe place.  I came here recently and the food was as I had remembered it -- Asian inspired and quite good. 

They have some solid dishes like Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Chang's Spicy Chicken (their version of General Tso's).  I love their Hot & Sour soup, and our family still remembers the first time they tried their Lettuce Wraps and Dan Dan noodles.

But over the years, it seems PF Changs has become a caricature of itself  Sometimes the service is good, as it was today.  Other times, it just seems as if the waitstaff is new and has never worked in a restaurant before. See Gabi's review from three years ago. Also, sometimes the food can be off, ie: dried or not hot rice, etc.  I'll end it here, since it looks like I've used up my allotment of the word 'sometimes'.

So, Three Stars "A-OK".  But, they're on my Watch List for a possible downgrade.
Desperate times call for desperate measures. While normally avoiding this type of place, I'm feeling under the weather and a friend offered to go pick up something for me. It's close and I could order online. But the pad Thai? Death my salt. So salty, I needed to add sweetness, so I drizzled some honey on it so it would be edible. As for the vegetable coconut curry, it was awful. Way too salty, and overall a boring dish. The tiny side of rice tasted like it had been sitting in the rice cooker all day. totally dry. I should have known better. My bad. Waste of $20.
Called in tonight for take out. We were told our small order would take 50 minutes...huh? That's awhile! Then learned it would take 80 minutes. 80 minutes for take out! Sorry. There is better food elsewhere.
Long waits at this location. Especially early in the evenings. Staff is very friendly and a manager comp some drinks for us. Food is good.
Solid performance overall: fresh food, well prepared but somewhat uneven performance. Food definitely tasted fresh from the wok and dish compositions are enticing/interesting, but sauces could be a bit strong/over-powering. My husband always appreciates the standard PF Changs make your own sauce in your table thing. Ambiance at PF Changs is always great and this was on the quiet side for lunch with staff being friendly and attentive. The location next to the river in downtown Scottsdale is quite nice.
Avoid the PF Chang's at Kierland.  Loud, randomly chosen music.  Chicken lettuce wraps - chicken burned, should use newer lettuce.  

Need to pay more attention to food preparation and quality.
I love this restaurant! The lettuce wraps are out of this world.  I have tried other versions, and P. F. Changs wins hands down.  Yum!
Quality of food has decreased rapidly: constant change of management. Not responsive to constructive suggestions as simple as food not cooked, food has no taste etc.
The worst service period. Waited over an hour and still no food. Morons are running this place with a horrible wait staff. Will never go there again.
Great Place! I've always liked coming here and their food is good to go as well as their service. Fantastic.
You go to this place if you enjoy extremely long wait time even when there is hardly any customers and/or you enjoy poor staff attitude. Avoid otherwise.
The visit started slow as we sat for 20 minutes before our drink order was taken. We decided to wait it out and the food and service after the slow start was excellent. The manager was extremely apologetic. Great visit.
Terrible service. What a waste to spend $ and time to come here for lunch. I called my order in an hour prior to pick up. Had to wait 15 min for it and then it was made wrong. Thankfully I work next door so I was able to bring it back over to be fixed. However upon my return no one apologized for the error or inconvenience of having to come back. Cleary their team needs a lesson in what customer service is. I would give them zero stars if that was an option.
This place is a hit or miss when it comes to getting your food made correctly.  I would say the last 3 times I have eaten here, they have messed up my order, wow!  My husband does take out here often and they had the incorrect pick time even though he repeated it 3 times over the phone.  I think PF Chang's really needs to take a look at the company they use for call in orders.  I believe it's a 3rd party company that takes the phone orders.  

 I gave this location 4 stars because the service has always been stellar, besides the cooks making my food extra spicy instead of NOT spicy.  Its situated at Kierland, so you can take a nice stroll after you fill up on too much Pad Thai.  

Overall, I do enjoy coming here once and a while.  A major plus for me is they offer a dairy-free menu!!!  This makes it easy for me to pick and choose what I can eat.  Just ask your server and they will print if off for you.  I think the happy hour is great as well.
Again, not crazy over chain restaurants - I mean, you REALLY have to have some major wow-factor for me to frequent your chain.

But, PF's is so boss. Really.

I have never had a bad meal here - ever. 

Of course, their Lettuce Wraps are spectacular along w/their soups (Egg Drop or the Hot/Sour). Just tried their Pepper Steak last night - it won me over big time.

Their service is always top-ot-fhe-line as well.

Have a special event/celebration? Make sure you let the host/hostess know and they put a secret red paper in w/the servers notes so that your surprise dessert is kept on the down-low. Genius!
Been here a lot, like how you can do online reservations. Restaurant is pretty nice and very big, it can get super busy though. The booths are big but the tables are not so big. The food is very good and the menu is huge, the desserts are also super good, the chocolate cake the the small mini desserts are my favorite. The wait time for food was not long, was bout 15 minutes for all five of us. The appetizers are super good, the spicy green beans and the hot and sour soup is amazing. All of their chicken entres are very good and I like how you can pick from white or brown rice. The service is alight, I got the hot and sour soup as a appetizer and I got brought out a dirty spoon so I had to wait a good 10 minutes for our waitress to come back to check on us for me to get a clean spoon. She brought me out a clean one which was nice but a clean one the first time was better because I had to wait to eat my soup to wait for a clean spoon. That would be the only reason why I didn't do five stars, and the waitress was sort of rude, but that is normal to me for eating out.
We had a party of 7 on Wednesday night to celebrate 2 birthdays.  Our server, Michael, was very good.  The 7 meals, though, were just OK.  Nobody said their meal was great.  I had the Mongolian Beef and the portion was small and the meat was like beef jerky.  I haven't been to Changs in a while, but I don't think I'll be going back.
P.F. Chang's is a people pleaser.  I don't think I've met anyone who doesn't like it.  Food is awesome, for American Chinese.  Ambiance is cool with an Asian Dynasty feel to it.

As for this specific location, we had a great time.  6 of us arrived at peak dinner time with no reservations (we were under the impression they didn't take reservations... note to self) but we were still seated in about 10 minutes.  Everyone took it seriously to find us a table, even amongst all the patrons who had made reservations.  Our server was great, very polite and attentive.  The food of course was great.  My favorites are the chicken lettuce wraps and cashew almond chicken, but the lo-mein, lemon chicken and broccoli beef never disappoint.  The rest of the table loved the ribs as an appetizer and the sea bass as part of the family style entrees.  

Speaking of family style, I always recommend ordering a few dishes for the table to share.  I love having the variety of food and getting to taste a little of everything.  

They have a great date night deal that includes an appetizer, two entrees and dessert.  Their lunch specials are also a good deal with an included soup (egg drop is pretty yummy).  P.F. is great for just about any kind of get together!
Awesome service! Every time I go here, I'm always greeted with a smile as well as awesome service from the servers. They are always patient with me in ordering since, I'm still technically new to pf changs (I'm used to the pf chang frozen meals in grocery store)
I don't get why so many raves for this chain.  It's decent but each dish is way over the top with garlic.  If you ask though they can cut it back for you on some dishes and the lettuce wraps.
Want to experience one of the most poorly run chains in Scottsdale...look no further than this P.F. Chang's!!!

Placed a take out order over an hour in advance and still had to wait 50 minutes for the order once I got there.  Sat and watched customer after customer walk out in disgust having waited a long time only to receive nothing.  As I sat waiting, they lied and lied to customers - "only a few more minutes", "order is just coming out now", "order will be out shortly", and the promise of a discount or gift cards for waiting.  None of this was true.  As I was leaving, my order magically appeared.  I get it home only to notice that my rice is missing and the ribs are cold and have clearly been sitting out for quite some time.  I ordered ribs and tofu, btw, nothing more.

This isn't my first issue with P.F., this exact scenario has happened to me twice before at the Kierland location.  I like their tofu and green beans so I keep trying but I've been visiting less and less because of the constant frustration.  There are other Kierland restaurants that I frequent that don't seem to suffer the same problems that P.F. has, I suggest you try them instead.
Haven't eaten yet, but ordered a mojito from the bar and it was really bad. Too much simple syrup and only 2 small bar-slices of lime. I had to pour in a whole tall glass of soda water to make it drinkable. When the hostess brought us to the table it was obvious that it hadn't been wiped down. We just ordered. May have an update later.
OK, just finished the meal. Mongolian Beef was good, my chicken dish was also too sweet and the vegetables were so over-cooked that they were mush. Rice was hard on top like it had been put in the single serving bowl over an hour prior to being brought to our table. Garlic-chile noodles were just OK. Not a single piece of fresh garlic or red chile flakes even though we asked for extra spicy. And even that dish was slightly sweet!   What is with all the sugary sweet sauces in this place?  
Check for 2 with 2 cocktails and tip was around $75.  I could have had 2-3 great meals at my regular place for Chinese (see my other reviews) - oh well, lesson learned.
Inside of the Kierland Commons shopping area across from the Scottsdale Quarter, this location has a lot to offer other than just good eats. We went in at an off time (3 p.m.) since we had done an early breakfast and skipped lunch while running around. 

We were able to sit outside on their newly added porch - which was really nice. Our server was very sweet and attentive.  We ordered the pot stickers (steamed pork), shared the crispy orange chicken entree, and had the great wall chocolate cake slice for dessert!  Everything was delicious as usual and came out pretty quickly.

Overall: A
Great new porch addition with a good vibe and decor is well done - there are heater units for a cooler day, if you still want to eat outside.  Standard good service and food!
We stopped in and we were happy to hear the patio was dog-friendly. This means on the patio with us, not tied up outside as some restaurants seem to think. Anyway, I think our Boxer's pink sweater helped. Happy Hour was great. And our dog loved the dry rub ribs with the spicy sauce. Billy was our server and he was great! Only disappointment was the chocolate raspberry wontons which lacked the mousse. But it was quickly replaced and we weren't charged for them. We will definately be back!
I absolutely love the patio setting.  Great food, excellent service... management is great!  I cannot say enough about this restaurant.  AWESOME!!!
I went to P.F. Changes with a friend for my birthday at the recommendation of a coworker of mine.  He suggested I make a reservation as he stated they tend to be busy for dinner.  I took his advise and booked it but didn't do it until 2 days before hand, but I was still able to get a time within 15 minutes of the time I originally wanted so not bad.

It wasn't hard to find the place, my friend and I walked around window shopping before hand and window shopped afterwards which is nice to be able to take a little stroll after a meal.

When we got there the waiter asked if he had ever been there before, which I hadn't but my friends had.  When the waiter discovered it was my birthday he offered me a free desert which was really nice and unexpected.  I received a $10 gift card and another reward stating if I did the survey within 7 days I'd get a free appetizer upon next visit also.  The survey and gift card were for my birthday and because it was my first time going there.

They did a lot to make sure I'd be happy my firs time around.  I thought it was very nice of them.

And when the waiter suggested their special apple martini which I thought tasted gross, he had the bartender whip up a new one that I liked, and let me keep the other one free of charge.  I thought that was nice also that since he was the one that suggested the drink, he was willing to correct the mistake and let me keep the drink free of charge.

Overall it was nice, the food was delicious, the place looked clean, the staff was friendly.  Even the manager came over to say hi and thank us for choosing them.  I'd go here again for sure.
I'm only here...still waiting for a table because I have to use a gift card I received. I've watched 6 tables stay empty for 25 minutes. I understand they take reservations,  but their operations flow is slow and the front of the house staff doesn't seem terribly concerned with the starving patrons that have congregated outside.  This review probably won't matter because people love Pf changs no matter what.  I won't return though.
Last night, Saturday night we went to Kierland P F Chang for dinner and had the worst dinning experience ever!!!! After waiting for more than an hour we were seated starving!!! ordered Calamari for the appetizer which came with a side of salt and pepper and a strange tasting salty sauce. For our main coarse I ordered a simple well known dish of beef and broccoli, my husband ordered a vegetable dish with peanut sauce. After a long wait my food came but it was so salty that was not eatable and I had to tell our waiter and he agreed to change it for a less salt version of it. My husband's meal was OK. after another long wait my dish came, this time less salty but the meat tasted like liver and it made my stomach  turn. It was nasty!!! Now, I believe that is why they put so much salt to cover up the nasty rotten meat taste!!! My Saturday night dinner was ruined. 
our waiter was very nice and sympathetic. I will not go back to this place again.
Two dinners here.  Food is decent with enough variety to offer something for anyone.  MaPo Tofu was nothing like the typical dish, but very, very good!  Just not authentic.  The deep fried green beans were great.  Lettuce wraps one of our favorite. Liked the beef with broccoli, although light in the broccoli.  In general sauces are over done, too heavy and lacking any finesse.   Bar earns one less star.  Whiskey sour was overly sweet.  Lemon drop lacked much lemon.  And couldn't manage a Negroni.  Good wait staff.  But hey!  We chose to eat here twice in a week.
So I have been to this particular chain all over; California, Las Vegas etc. But the biggest thing that made the experience was the server. She was cute and very get nice and knowledgable. She was great. Her name was Ashley. She's the type of employee they better hold on too.
First of all, I think maybe the management of this location reads the reviews because our experience here today was pretty much perfect.  If there were problems in the past, there sure weren't any today.

We ordered the Edamame (orange scented) and it was finger lickin' good.  Instead of an entree, I had the California Rolls and the House Made Eggrolls.  Both were very good and the horseradish type dip for the eggrolls was delicious.  I loved the bite it had to it.  My friend had the Changs Chicken Lettuce Wraps and she totally enjoyed them and had more than enough to take home for dinner later.

Service was very good and the fellow that brought out the edamame had a great attitude and filled my iced tea right away and brought a larger cup for my friend's hot tea.  

Like I said above, it was a very good experience.  I'm totally looking forward to returning asap.
We went here instead of waiting out a table at True Foods.  I typically do not eat Chinese food - I'm more of a fan of Japanese or Thai.  I went here with family - who seemed happy with their lunches.  I ordered the Eggplant dish (one of the few vegetarian options).  It was ok - the sauce was very thick and salty - not really to my taste.  It was OK, but definitely not something I would want to try again.  I'd recommend sticking out the wait at True Foods or another restaurant in the area.
Waited much longer than the hostess told us the wait would be, not a big deal. Sat down and was greeted with a very "chain" sort of greeting. Ordered tuna appetizer and drinks followed by a dinner order a bit later. Appetizers didn't come before main coarse did. I had the spicy chicken and it tasted good but like something I could make with a Safeway card and an oven - nothing special. The waiter, who knows what their name is because the bill is illegible, apologized for the appetizer being late and said he would comp it, great, thanks. The kids were tired and we needed to go so we asked for a check. Next thing I know. that  "free" appetizer was gone, even though we hadn't finished more than half of it. Why in the heck would a server take away uneaten food without talking with the customer about their intentions with the food. Mediocre food + horrible service = bad review. There are plenty of places to choose from in Scottsdale, save your money and go somewhere else.
You want a pizza, but you want it your way. Build your own! I suppose you can build a pizza any way you like at most any pizza places, but go to Pie Zanos Kitchen to choose from an extensive list of House Pizzas or create any combination from a sizable list of toppings (which include asparagus and sweet potato... no, really.)

I tend to work outside of the "norm" and will order the most bizarre items on the menu at any new place I try. I'm at a pizza place, so what do I order? The Cheeseburger Pizza. Instead of traditional sauce, the crust is topped with red sauce, mustard and A1 Brand Steak Sauce. Ever had pickles on a pizza? You will if you order this one. The crust is even covered in sesame seeds like a hamburger bun. Other House Pie varieties include the Bordertown, the Bo Diddley and the Volcano. 

One feature that sets it apart from any other pizza place I've been is the offering of frittatas. Yes. Frittatas. I have yet to try one but in varieties similar to their different styles of pizza, they do look intriguing. Three varieties of sandwich are also available (Meatball, Pie-Talian and Veggie Medley). A full coffee and espresso bar are at your beck and call to compliment your meal or you can go with the standard sodas. Beer and wine are also available.

Pie Zanos Kitchen won the Phoenix Magazine "Best New Restaurant" Award for 2005 and has won the Phoenix New Times "Best of Phoenix" award. Next time you are wandering aimlessly around Town & Country Shopping Center, stop by and try a pizza the way you want it.
I am soooooo in love with Pie Zanos :)  Is it bad I have eaten dinner there the past 2 nights in a row?

At Pie Zanos you can create the craziest pizza you can think of.  They have white or wheat crust to choose from, tons of sauces (alfredo, red, BBQ, etc), cheeses, herbs, flavored crusts, and a whole array of meats, veggies, and fruit...I love pineapple!

So, I have gone with the alfredo and pesto mix sauce, the three cheese blend, tons of fresh garlic...and I mean tons, and for the topper, pineapple for the past two nights.  It is all I ever wanted in a pizza, cheesy, garlic-ky, and with a bit of sweet on top.

My brother went with pesto alfredo, three cheese mix, garlic, basil and gyro meat.  I know, have you ever seen that as a topping option.  This is what makes the place so great!

This is the time of year to enjoy the outside seating.  Perfect day or night with people wandering around Town & Country.

As for the frittatas, I had one a few months ago on a lazy Sunday morning.  Personalized and perfect just like the pizzas :)  So, if anyone wants to talk me into having another one, just let me know!
I've been two Pie-Zanos twice now and I think my wife did the best job of describing the format of this unique dining experience:  Subway for Pizza.  Of course, this is not to imply that Pie-Zanos is staffed by mouth-breathing "pizza artists" or stocked with sub-par ingredients and generally filthy.  On the contrary, this "Subway of Pizza" is staffed by congenial and hip 20-30 somethings who are eager to please by heaping  tons of fresh and flavorful ingredients  onto your individual personalized pizza. 

Pie-Zanos allows you to pick from wheat or white dough and from up to 8 different sauces.  From there you can add herbs and crust flavoring and then you can pick from 6-8 different cheeses.  Then you select from the widest selection of pizza toppings you'll find anywhere.   The fare is basically affordable as long as you don't go apeshit on toppings (55 cents each after the first).   As a special bonus they have Pepsi products.   

I have also enjoyed the breadshits which are fresh and delightful and pair nicely with the traditional red marinara as well as the tomato-pesto. 

My only complaints with Pie-Zanos and what keeps it from achieving 5 stars is how busy it gets at lunch, limited indoor seating and the fact that they allow children's birthday parties which, when mixed with ubiquitous bad parenting, quickly turns a hip and snazzy pizza joint into a Chuck-E-Cheese's.
While I'm sort of enamored of Chicago-style pizza at the moment, I really enjoyed getting to create my own pie at Pie Zano's. There's just something extra fun about inventing your own pizza, and fortunately, they're small enough for one. That way, your friends can't whine when you get onions and green apples, because they can put whatever they want on their own pizza. 

I have a menu somewhere, and when I find it, I'm going to work out the math of how many different pies you can make. There are SO MANY options - regular or wheat dough, lots of different cheeses, herbs, and so many toppings it will hurt your brain. 

Seriously. Green apples and onions. You can get that. And it's good (especially with the tomato-pesto sauce).
I have to agree with everybody below, this place is GREAT!  What a concept, make your own pizza.  Didn't Kramer talk about this a long time ago?  

Don't forget about the divine salads and the sandwiches!  Again with the "make your own" thing.  I like having lots of accouterments in my salad, and this is the place to do it.  

And hey, what's with it being soooooo cheap?  How do they do that and keep a friendly staff?

A 5 STAR MUST DINE AT
This is a great little place in what you might consider an obscure shopping plaza. When I was walking up to Pie Zano's to get my carry-out order, I felt transplanted to another place and time. Hard to explain, but maybe you can understand. 

Immediately I loved the cobble-stone walkways with surrounding places with patio seating. There was a distinct night chill in the air, so I felt drawn to the orange subtle glow of Pie Zano's lights, beckoning me inside.  

I soon discovered that Pie Zano's has weekly specials and hosts acoustic music on Thursday evenings. You can even tailor make your own pie or go with one of their own house specials. I ordered the Garden and Greek. The latter was very, very delicious. 

If that's not all, this place also has a coffee menu and offers muffins and fresh fruit, along with (as everyone has pointed out) sandwiches and frittatas. The inside seating appears cozy, like you're sitting among friends, talking about everyday things, like world affairs or music, while you enjoy a one-of-a-kind pie with a glass of wine or beer. 

I definitely want to go back and dine here. Sure, carry out was fantastic and the two pies I ordered were really good, but I think part of Pie Zano's experience is being tucked away in the Town & Country shopping plaza. It's like a whole 'nother world here and Pie Zano's sits among the company of a pita place and a cajun kitchen.

Pie Zano's is the type of place that's perfect for any and every occasion. If I lived nearby, I'd walk here for coffee and breakfast. It's a great option for lunch, as well. And I'd definitely treat a friend to a pie. You just can't go wrong with Pie Zano's. 

4 stars - only because I didn't have the complete dining experience.
I really like the pizza here, especially the Greek. Also the Natural...who would've ever thought of apples and honey on pizza? Pie Zano's I guess, and it's delicious. Also, the patio is the place to sit when the weather's agreeable.
This place has been one of my faves for a while now.  You can make your own pizza or try one of their combos.  My gf likes the Greek.  I like the Natural and the Classic.  It's got a cozy atmosphere and a friendly staff.  Outside seating is a plus ... oh and they serve one of my favorite beers--Peroni.  Excellent for people that like low-key dining.
This place is open for breakfast, I love pizza for breakfast and this is the only place I know off that serves it. The pizza crust is precooked and rather average but this does eliminate the doughy center problem. I do like the 3 choices, white, wheat and Glutton free. This place is all about the toppings. Everything looked fresh and there were so many choices. There are 4 choices of herbs to add, and even sesame seeds or other  things to add to the crust edge. Several sauce and cheese choices are great too. I would rate it a full 5 stars except for the crust. This place is definitely great in all the other options you can choose...And they are open for breakfast!!
This pizza place is just okay.  I've never been super wow'd by my pizza there and I LOVE PIZZA!  My boyfriend really likes it... so it's just a matter of opinion and taste.
It's like Subway for pizza! I loved all the choices, even as overwhelming as they were and making your own pizza is a cool idea. The place was extremely crowded on a Friday at lunchtime and we had to wait for a table, but only for a couple of minutes. Perhaps a hostess would be nice to make sure that one jackass by himself doesn't occupy a table for 4 and screw everything up. The price was pretty fair, with a pizza and drink being under $10. The dough though, was garbage and tasted like a 2 year old digiorno (ask me how I know that taste) but with the right ingredients and spices you can cover it up pretty easily. I want to go back, and when I do I will make sure it is not peak lunch hour, as it was just way too packed.
I love this place! My co-workers and I have lunch here on occassion and we have yet to try something from the wonderfully creative menu that we don't like. The people running this place are some of the nicest I've come across in food service in quite a while.  I've only been for dinner once and it was almost closing time but they did not try to rush us one bit. 

The most recent pizza I tried was the ponderosa- it has ranch and BBQ with chicken, tomato and onion (which I switched out for red peppers at the suggestion of the guy behind the counter) and it was delicious! I would also recommend their salad, the house dressing is really good. They have a small selection of wine and beer too...
Pie Zanos Kithen is one of my favorite lunch spots. The space itself is warm, open, and inviting. It can be a little crowded at noon, but if you arrive by 11 or after 1, you shouldn't have much of a wait.

Every single time you enter the building, you will be greated by the absolute nicest people. They genuinely enjoy their work and it shows!

The menu can be a little overwhelming at first, but simply check out their website to familiarize yourself with the concept of (build your own pizza or salad) and you will be good to go. The staff will also walk you through your choices if you indicate that you haven't been there before. http://www.piezanoskitchen.com/default.asp

My two favorite items are: 1) the Greek Pizza (Pesto, Feta, Gyros Meat, 
Red Onion, Kalamata Olives, and a Garlic Crust) with the addition of fresh mushrooms - seriously good eating right there on that little pizza pan. 2) The House Salad with a choice of cheese, four veggies, and choice of dressing -- sounds simple, but they don't have your run of the mill veggies to choose from and you can make some tantalizing combinations if you get creative!  The Bo Diddley pizza is yummo also, but one of my two favorites usually wins out in the ordering process.

I've never been here for breakfast, but the menu looks great and if the quality of lunches is any indications, I would imagine that their Fritattas and Espresso are finger lickin' good.

Happy Hour is daily from 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. and as mentioned by some other reviewers they do have live entertainment options throughout the week.

PZK was voted New Times Best New Restaurant of 2005 in the Phoenix area and they have definately kept up the good vibe!
A good friend of mine suffers from Celiac disease so she cannot have wheat products.  She was excited to find this place offers a gluten free crust so we headed over there for dinner.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about what she could and could not have on the menu.  We showed up during happy hour (4-7pm) and they had $2 wine and beer.  $2 for a Peroni! I would go just for that.  I chose a Veggie Medley sandwich and my friends got pizzas and salads.  We were all very pleased with what we got and with the helpful staff.  I would definitely go back!!
I don't like regular pizza, so this my pizza place of choice.  The Bo-Diddley is great.  The service is good and the staff works hard, but looks like they enjoy themselves.  The pricing is a tiny bit high for what you get, but I still make two meals out of one pizza, so it works for me (no one else I know can make two meals out of the pizza...so if you've got a healthy appetite, don't expect leftovers.)  Pass on the garlic cheese bread, unless you've got an incredible craving for it...it's just average.  The salads are good.
The pizza is pretty good, as are the salads.  What makes Pie Zanos unique, is the diversity of toppings to choose from.  I dig the fact that I can have a pizza with Tofu, red beans, sweet potatoes, and Frito's if I want.  I will never get that pizza, but it's nice to know that I could.

BTW...Pie Zanos has a great happy hour special...half off all appetizers.
OMG! They have Gluten-Free Pizza & Beer! 

This might not mean anything to 99% of you reading this, but for people like me who can't eat anything with wheat in it and thus can't eat normal things like pizza, beer, bread, etc...this place is heaven on earth! 

They have a great variety of pizza combo's to choose from (both normal and the gluten free variety) and the staff is really up on their gluten-free product knowledge and go to great lengths to avoid cross-contamination. You can build your own personal pizza for around $6-7 bucks and they have weekday specials and happy hours.

They carry Redbridge Gluten Free Beer and also have gf desserts in addition to all the regular staples you would find at a great neighborhood pizza bistro. My husband really likes their pizza and a friend of mine tried the pasta and ravioli and really liked it.

Check this place out if you have the chance. It's right next to Trader Joe's.
Your first time here WILL be awkward. It's like being in elementary school and the teacher throwing you up to the front of the class for an impromptu speech on your favorite classmate... so many classmates, so many friends! i'm dying of choices!!!
"Where is the menu?" is a good place to start.
after the initial awkwardness of having too many choices and not enough time to choose, you begin to really appreciate having so much control over the flavor that is going into your pie. everything from feta to mozzarella, artichokes to avocado, rosemary to basil, you can create your pizza like you create your salads. You choose your crust and your toppings and it's all baked to perfection. 
i used to work next-door to this delectable option of lunch-time fun. the staff was certainly very friendly and the owner even more personable.
on days like today, i miss it.
We tried the new Pie Zanos at Cactus and Tatum tonight. I have to agree with previous posts that say it's the "Subway" of pizza.  The Mediterranean Salad was good, but the Pizza's were bland, the crust was nondescript, and the toppings had no flavor. We had the Baked Ravioli app, they were good, but the marinara sauce was cold.   

I LOVE pizza, but this place was truly lacking, I wouldn't go back. It left me longing for Nick's across the street.
Pie Zanos Kitchen offers a unique pizza experience.  They sell individual pizza pies that can include a wide range of toppings from the traditional to the bizarre, making it a great place for a group with various tastes or diets.  You can choose from one of their specialty pies with such names as the Volcano, Bordertown and Bo Diddley, or make your own pizza creation.  When you create your on pie you start by choosing your crust (white, wheat, gluten free, focaccia bread, or flavored crust), then choose from 8 sauces, select from 7 different cheeses, add any extra herbs/seasonings you would like, then it is to the toppings... If you didn't come up with something strange from the sauces and cheese, the toppings is where you can go crazy.  They offer over 20 veggies including such oddities as pickle slices, sweet potato, and corn. For meats you have your standards plus gyro meat, sliced meatballs and tofu.  In addition to pizza, they have salads (one that you select your veggies and cheese), sandwiches, soup, and breakfast items featuring frittatas (of course you can build your own). Finally, they do have a wine and beer selection with happy hour specials from 4-7pm.
I am such a customization freak when it comes to food, so I get really really excited whenever we go to a place that let's me pick out all of my toppings, no matter how weird they seem to be.  The husband and I actually only came here because Baby Kay's was closed, but that was perfectly fine with me.  We had actually been here once before when we were first dating and we had breakfast here.  I remember it being pretty good.

The menu offers you quite a few options.  There are salads, preset pizza flavors, and then the oh-so-awesome make your own pizza exactly the way you want it option.  Obviously I chose the latter.  First I had to choose between a white, wheat, or gluten-free pizza crust.  I chose wheat.  Then you can pick a seasoning.  I went for Italian.  Then you get a sauce choice, I chose alfredo but there were like 7 other options.  Then comes the cheese, and I picked the white cheese mix, which is a combo of mozzarella, provolone, and parmesan.  Finally, the toppings.  There are so many to choose from it's amazing.  I limited myself to mushrooms, asparagus, italian sausage, and bacon.  Let me tell you, this pizza was amazing.  It may not be your dream, but it was heaven to me.

I love this place, it's totally awesome.  It's hard to go wrong when you customize something exactly for yourself.  Definitely give this place a try sometime, it's totally worth it.
When I first heard about this place, I thought it would be like a Sizzler with an oven.  They give you the dough and then you just load all the toppings on yourself and then they cook it for you.  While I still think that would be a better idea, this isn't too bad either.

It's like Subway with pizza.  There are so many options and so many toppings that there really should be something for everyone here.  You probably can't go wrong once you find the right pizza.

Why three stars then?  Because I don't like thin crust.  I want a pizza, not a tortilla.  There should be dough and it, by definition, should be DOUGHY.  I know the concept wouldn't really work if they did thicker crust pizzas but I would be willing to wait 20 minutes for a good crust.  I also marked them down for their red sauce.  It just didn't have any flavor to it.  Just tomato sauce, plain and simple.

I'll go back to try something different but my Hawaiian pizza was not up to my normal standards.
you know what makes this place so awesome? they sell gluten-free beer called redbridge(made by anheuser busch). you heard it right. beer without wheat or barley. sounds crazy but it's actually quite good - somewhere between a light blue moon and kiltlifter. and it's only $2 from 4-7 (along with all of their wine and beer). 

very cute, quaint atmosphere in this shopping center filled with gems. the place is quite large with lots of seating and a view-while-they make it style kitchen. the possibilities are endless for their pizzas. i went with 2 apps (which were 1/2 off during happy hour) - the breaded ravioli and pesto sticks- and a pepperoni, jalepeno, and 3-cheese blend pizza on foccacia bread. 

the guy at the register was super friendly and suggested i try that gluten free beer - i'll admit i was hesitant at first and i had faith he wouldn't lead me wrong. our pizza and apps were served to us when we sat down. everything was delicious. the breaded raviolis were my fav. i've never had a pizza on foccacia bread before but i'd order it again. it was the perfect size to split between my girlfriend and i and we walked out of there full and happy - and only $14 poorer. cheap good pizza and beer. go pie zanos.
Pie Zano's...File this one under "Super Yummy Can't Wait To Go Back!"

We've been a fan of Pie Zano's for quite some time now.  It's a quaint neighborhood eatery where you can make your own pizza, salad or sandwich.  It's great for vegetarians, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  I've probably eaten my way through about half of their menu and so far have never been disappointed.  A few of my favorites are the Pie-talian sandwich, chicken ranchero sandwich, the garden pizza and the buffalo pizza.  There was a lot of local buzz about a gluten free beer, Redbridge, so I gave it a try.  It's good.  Can't really tell any difference between it and non-gluten free beer.  It's a great place for lunch.  A sandwich, chips and a fountain drink are just under $10.  

For those of you in the Northwest Valley, the owner said he's getting ready to open up a new location in the Arrowhead Mall part of town.  It won't be in the mall, but close to it.  Check it out soon!  Super friendly staff, consistently good food and great atmosphere are reasons I go back.  You should too!
I love the whole wheat crust here!  Tonight I tried the buffalo chicken pizza and was sad that I couldn't eat it because it was way too spicy.  So I settled for stealing a piece of my daughter's pizza :-)  She got ham and pineapple!  If you go here expecting a traditional pizza you'll be frustrated, but if you keep an open mind and get creative, you'll get a delicious treat with just the toppings you want!
This place scores high with me because you can customize any pizza you like.  That's hard to find at many pizza joints.  You get a cool vibe inside the restaurant as well as the whole shopping area around it.  I really suggest getting a pizza and sitting on the patio outside in the courtyard.  While sitting outside in the courtyard it always gives me a feeling like I'm outside the Phoenix metro and in an area with culture.  I guess this is the real reason I come here, the pizza is great with the versatility, but only 4 stars in my book as regards with the taste and ingredients.
Maybe Im just fickle.. but I love the idea of choosing my own toppings for my pie! This has fast become my girls nite takeout place.. Too many girls, too many desires! Here everyone gets the right amount on the personal sized pizzas.. and their wants and needs are meant.. all the way down to the crust... 
Salads are kick zano.. ! YUMMY for the pie... 
Friendly and swift service..
For some reason, I just REALLY like Pie Zanos. My husband typically gets the sandwiches (soooo good) or pizza but my favorite part is the salad bar. You can pick all your own toppings and make a deliciously fresh and generous salad. The Pie Zanos house dressing and house balsamic dressing is a delicious mix.  Cute and easy vibe for eating on the patio and people watching in Town & Country. Oh, and they're part of Southwest Airlines Dining Rewards program! Big plus.
My husband and I and some friends stumbled upon Pie Zanos. It was so good, we'll be back. It's a build-your-own-personal-pizza concept: build a pizza from the ground up, including the type of crust you want (wheat or white), type of sauce, cheese, toppings. 

It's a great Phoenix experience because they had plenty of tables outside to enjoy the gorgeous winter temps and the other bonus was they served wine and beer as well. 

Order inside, and the server will bring your pies out. 

We tried the "Greek Pizza" - which was yummy, but not my favorite. I think because the base of the pizza was pesto sauce. I think a garlic olive oil base would have made it better. 

The winner of our group's "taste test" was a pizza combo that my friend Michele built. It wasn't a combination I think I would have come up on my own, but it tasted wonderful so I thought I would pass it along: wheat crust, red sauce, spinach, feta cheese, mozzarella cheese, ham, mushrooms, and basil. 

Go with a group and share your pizza's and I hope you have as much fun as we did!
Pie Zanos is an interesting place that is most well-known for their custom mini-pizzas.

The base for the pizza is a round flat-bread (think of a flattened out pita). This base for the pizza moves through an assembly line of sorts, where you can define different sauces and toppings. You want a spicy buffalo wing chicken pizza? They can make it. You want a generic pepperoni pizza? They've got you covered.

This is great and all, but my complaint is that when it's all said and done, you're still left with the lowest common denominator: the mini-pizza's crappy pre-made pita-like crust. I found the end result to be bland and boring. It resembled a pizza, but didn't taste or feel like one.
Oh I love you you darling little place!  My long-time boyfriend worked at a video game development company in the area and every time I would meet him for lunch there was never a question:  We were having Pie Zanos.

The line always looks intimidating, but don't be fooled!  They will move you through!

You pick your dough, you pick your crust flavorings/seasonings, you pick your amazing (glorious) toppings... 

If you love fun food, fast food, and GREAT food - have Pie Zanos!
Focaccia sandwiches are quite tasty, though they do not do their own bread or crusts here (a bakery sends them in).  Neat idea with having a Subway-style line of picking toppings, sauces, crust, etc. but then it is quite annoying when the indecisive types are in front of you in the line.  Another issue is the lack of sufficient ovens for handling lunchtime rushes.  If there's a moderately long line in front of you, just remember how many pizzas will have to go through the oven until it's your turn.

Prices are reasonable for what you get.  Crust is a little chewy and cardboardy, and reminds me of some of the grocery store pizza brands' version of thin crust.
We went here for an early dinner on a recent Friday night.  I had been to the original location many years ago, whilst the wife had never gone before.  Only a couple of tables were taken, but as we were there the place got a decent crowd going as more traditional dinner time came rolling around.  Anywho, one of my first impressions of the place was not too favorable, the descriptions on the menu board were so small, I could barely read them.  We took a to-go menu to a table to sit down so we could review everything and have an idea of what each specialty pizza was.  After a bit, I went up and ordered while the wife manned the table.  

First, we shared an order of toasted ravioli.  This was a nice reminder of some time we've spend in STL.  The ravioli were pre-cooked (probably fried), then baked.  The wife did not like that the marinara to dip in was cold, I don't really dip so I didn't care.  For her, I ordered a 'Natural' pizza, which had apples and some other stuff on it.  I decided to build a custom pie with foccacia, pesto, provolone, garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  I almost didn't get that because some how my 'pizza artist' (I don't know if that's what they actually call them...) started to make the pizza without my input.  I literally had to ask her if I could give her some direction...  Anywho, the food came out pretty quickly, and everything was good, and the employees were friendly.

Torn between three and four stars, definitely needs the half here, but I'm going to round down, mainly because I was really annoyed with the small menu board, and while it was good, I doubt I'll be going here again, as I can make a pesto foccacia pizza at home that just as good and only slightly more work.  (Another interesting thing...at least two other parties came in while we were there, checked out the menu, and then left...unsure if they thought there was going to be waiter service or what...)
SADNESS! Pie Zanos has closed. :(
I'm almost ashamed to admit that I went here because of one of those sign-spinners that stand by the road and wave huge placards around trying to get your business.  In my defense, I was poor and hungry and they were advertising a $5 lunch deal.  So across two lanes (yes, I looked first) and into the parking lot I went.

First off, I will say for $5, it's worth it.  Sure, it's kind of a tiny little pizza, but the ingredients aren't too bad and the combinations they put together are pretty novel as well.  I had some southwest-themed pizza that was filling, but unremarkable beyond that.  They did appear to have a wide selection of ingredients for creating your own pizzas and such, which did look very good.  But like I said, I was on the poor side and the lunch specials kept calling my name.

One thing worth mentioning about Pie Zanos is that they do have vegan and gluten-free options for those that want/need them.  While it seems strange for a pizza and sandwich shop, I know many people that would benefit from that.
Widmer Hef sign in window...check!! How can you not stop and try it right??!? Pizza and sammies made to order...check! They even have gluten free options, awesome! I had the veggie medley it was delicous and big enough to share with someone if you wanted. Roasted spinach, mushroom, red pepper, caramelized onion, garlic, pesto, provolone cheese. Yum yum yum! Subway aint got nothin' on this place! The meatball was an even bigger sandwich you have been warned you will be taking home half of your food. I will be back asap this may be my fav new lunch spot while I'm out shopping out here!
I first heard about Pie Zanos here on Yelp while searching for dining out ideas in Peoria.  I'm a big fan of the independents, and I go out of my way to check them out whenever I can.  Pie Zanos was a nice find.
I've never been to a build your own pizza place and it took me a couple of minutes to find my groove.  The pizza servers were quick to explain the process.  I read that it's a little like a Subways except with pizza and that's a fairly accurate assessment.  I got a wheat crust pizza with tomato sauce, wing sauce, mozzarella cheese, sausage, green olives, garlic, and black pepper.  You get the picture - you can highly customize your personal pizza.  I really liked this aspect of pizza creation.  Whenever I order a large pie for the family, compromises must be made.  Here at Pie Zanos, it's all about me!
My daughter wasn't as adventurous and got a Pepperoni & Sausage pizza with garlic powder and pepper.  My wife got a Chicken Ranchero sandwich that looked amazing.  It was a little on the large side, so I traded a slice of my pizza for half of her sandwich.  The bread was the most remarkable part of the sandwich.  I could eat just the bread with some of the ranchero sauce and consider it a good meal.
There was a small line ahead of us, but the servers moved things along pretty fast.  One of the things I like about independent  establishments is how the owners are personable and go the extra mile to take care of customers.  The owner, Jayce, came out from behind the counter to personally welcome us and check on the quality of the meal.  Great meal...great dining experience.  5 Stars.
Went back again this time as an experienced pizza-orderer.  I got a wheat crust pizza with red pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, real garlic, black pepper, jalapenos, gyro meat, spinach, and a side of wing sauce.  One word --- AMAZING!  As you can tell by the majority of my reviews, I like pizza.  I think I am momentarily hooked on Pie Zanos, because I like pizza experimenting on the fly.  Enjoy!
Very good pizza! Highly recommended!!

Also, someone commented on here that they have closed down.
They certainly have not.  Just went there for the first time yesterday (6/12/2010) and will definitely be going back :)
Incredibly slow for food to be prepared.  If there's a short line in front of you then forget it at lunch time - you'll easily wait a half hour for a mini pizza or sandwich.  And there's just no real sense of urgency either.  Places like this are disingenuous with their ordering at the counter scheme.  If it takes this long, it should be full service.

Sandwiches are very good with their bread (even though the bread isn't actually made there, they told me).  Pizza is very, very forgettable.
Fantastic Pizza!
So I am really at a loss for the how the reviews for this place are any good.  I went due to a snag and save deal I got online and am grateful for it because I still spent too much money.

First I got a salad and it had stale croutons and really no flavor.  Then came the pizza.  I got the Boarder Runner pie and it had premade crust and just generic low quality toppings.  I just don't get the idea of the restaurant and really wish they cared more about the product they put on the table.
Lots of options with fresh ingredients. And healthy choices too. I've eaten here several times and have never been disappointed. They have a little bar too that serves beer and wine. Yum yum!
Well Pie Zanos is no longer at the location on 75th Ave and Bell.   After a short stint here it looks like they packed up everything and moved to 51st Ave and Bell.  The new address on their website is 5060 West Bell Rd.  I hope the change in venue works out for them.
I liked the pizza but...

We both used debit cards to pay. They give us a receipt, no problem. Then they come to our table and tell us, sorry the card didn't go through we need to run them again. We both reluctantly give them our cards to be run again. Another receipt, ok I'll be checking my account to make sure I was only charged once. Then they tell us AGAIN that the card didn't go through. I said look, I am not comfortable with my card being run three times for one meal. The nice lady said don't worry about it, it was our fault, your meals are on us.

So at that point we both said ok, we will come back again. They took care of it the way they should have. But the story doesn't end there. They come to our table AGAIN and tell us sorry, the owner said we have to charge you. I said no way are you running my card again, this is ridiculous. The guy said ok I'll pay for your meals out of my own pocket. And said he was sorry. Well, it wasn't his fault and we didn't want him to have to pay for our meals. So we gave them our cards AGAIN and got our third receipt.

It wasn't the staff's fault, the machine was not working properly. But the owner telling them that we had to pay after they had already to us we didn't was really bad business. He couldn't swallow $20 to keep two customers happy?

Well we won't be back. If he is that greedy he won't get our business.
Went here with some coworkers for lunch one day. Awesome service, prices aren't bad, and the food is pretty good!
Yummy!! Great pizza, fun owner, and very allergy-friendly.
Finally tracked this place down again and had a nice chat with the owner.  Still love their tasty little personal pizzas... I can't help but love a place that makes me choose from 10 different things I want.  And not only that... but I remember that fact and want to go back.

Glad you still exist!
Value is the key word in this equation. If I spend 15 on a pizza, I want a decent pizza. This left the lady and I looking at each other wondering where the rest of it was. We ended up scavenging for salad stuff at home to ensure we were filled up. 

The pizza was good, but not what I really was hoping to get. Sorry guys, but I'll be going back to Barro's for my pie...
They have relocated to 51st Ave and Bell Road (NE Corner, by BJ's Auto Spa). Wheat crust pizza and gourmet toppings are what makes this place great. Haven't tried their salads and sandwiches yet.
This is a very nice little restaurant. You could find yourself talking with the owner more than likely.  Nice way to serve up a pizza. Very friendly place
This place reminds me of a "subway" but for pizza.  It is decent food, but a little over processed in my opinion.  When I went, I was under the impression that i could get a glass of wine, but they didn't have any.  The appetizers we got were pesto bread sticks.  They were OK, but I was kind of hoping they would be more fresh.  I'd give this place a try. For the price, it's really pretty decent.
Fun quick concept that brings some of that chipotle prepare as you go style. The pizza is actually very good.  The owner who has experience in the restaurant business really focused on making this concept and I believe he is executing it well. 

Download the app on the App Store, you can order and he will be there checking his iPhone when you order.  Last thing is don't let the fact that this place is in the same building as a gas station fool you, definitely not the best thing to do in my opinion but hey its worth the try.
What a great concept for making money. Buy a Quiznos type toasting machine, some 12" pizza dough rounds, slap some ingredients on top and ship them down he conveyor belt and wham'o! you have a $15 gourmet pizza. I can't even fathom the profit margin on those little puppies. The pizza tastes good but so does a lot of other pizza, it is only exceptional in the fact it is an exceptionally horrible value. $30 (including $5 tip) got us a 12" pizza (Greek @ 15.99) and Anti Pasta salad ($7.74). Even now I am trying to do the math in my head an figure out how it was so much money.    We picked up the pizza and salad to go and immediately drove to Little Caesars to gets something to fill what was going to be a giant hole in our stomachs.
First with the good, every tasted good.  Now the bad one the price to start and the portions.  The pizza we purchased was 40.00 and maybe should have been 20.00.  The large pizza is the size of any regular small pizza.  We tryed it because it was new to us and will never be back.  Don't waste your time or money try Pullanos a real pizza place.
FUN! FUN! FUN!

This staff knows their stuff! They were able to answer any and all questions thrown at them. They make the art of pizza FUN! My daughter loved being able to pick her own toppings and see how it would look. The gentleman making her pizza was making her laugh and having it look fun. 

The owner walked around and made sure everyone was pleased with their creation. 

VERY FUN atmosphere!
Amazing staff!
Fantastic owner!
Great food!
CLOSED. Went yesterday 9/25 and there was a "For Lease" sign over the Pie Zanos sign
OK, PF Chang's is nothing spectacular but what made this visit better than usual is going with a large group.  Finally I got to try more than the lemon pepper shrimp that my Mom always orders.   Honestly, I haven't looked at a menu in a long time (I only go when Mom is in town and I just choose the wine) and I didn't tonight but my boss ordered a variety of dishes without over ordering for the group.   One major plus over LA locations, there was no wait for a group of 9 at 7PM --- a major plus!
I'm giving stars because it's easy to dine here even with a weird mix of food allergies in our group (soy and dairy for one, gluten for another).  They have a gluten-free menu and were able to print off a list of items that are dairy-free as well.  Soy-free required a little more finagling, but we made it work. So, in the subcategory of "willingness to accommodate allergies," I would give it 5 stars.

It's not great for kids, though.  There's no kids menu and it felt like a very grown up environment, which isn't necessarily bad, but wasn't ideal for my young niece and nephew.  However, the waiter was happy to suggest some kid-friendlier dishes.  The kids really liked the ENORMOUS horse statues outside the front door though and did amuse themselves with chopsticks, so that was something.

LOTS of parking is available, but you have to wind through the sprawling mass of new restaurants etc. on the west side of Middleton to get there, which makes me think of zoning laws and the use of urban versus agricultural space more than it whets the appetite.  The service was good; our waiter appeared well-trained and the bartender was fine with me ordering green tea at the bar, though I she advised me to let it steep longer than I would suggest (unless you like your tea bitter).

Overall, nice effort, odd location, nice staff, good for groups of adults.  The outdoor seating was a rather unappealing proposition in the height of a flood mosquito plague, but that's common sense enough in this neck of the woods.
PF Changs is to Chinese as Olive Garden is to Italian.  Restaurant is good only if you don't know much about Chinese food.  Quality of food is good and service is also very good.  I have ZERO patience for the waiter droning on and on while they mix sauces at my table.
To be honest, I have absolutely no idea what the previous reviewers are talking about. This restaurant is an absolute favorite of mine. My wife and I often go there to celebrate something special.
Why I love this place?
1) Great ambience - dim lighting - perfect for a romantic dinner!
2) The booths are too cozy!
3) Great selection of cocktails
4) AMAZING food! I've yet to have something here that I did not like. Try the chicken lettuce wraps for appetizers. 2 people can easily share 1 serving.
5) It's a pretty big place, so you almost never have to wait!

Caution: Don't go there expecting authentic "chinese food" - u will be disappointed. I'd say it's Chinese-Indian fusion variety. It's along the lines of how they serve chinese food in India.
They have good food.  It's unique.  It's got some strong flavors goin' on.  There are some things two weeks later your tongue will start telling you you need to have again, soon.
Don't go in thinking "We're having Chinese".  Go in thinking, "We're having P.F. Chang's" and half the battle will be over.
The only problem I've had is, we never have enough room at the table for all the plates of food that show up.  Did we order too much or is the table too small?  Maybe they need to install food parking garages so you have 3 or 4 floors of food storage at your table.  That would help.
The mini-desserts are an inspiration from Satan.  You think you're full.  No, no, I don't want dessert.  But they have a "mini-dessert"!  It's just $2!  You can just have a little bit!  Well, ok, in that case...
P.F. Chang's isn't bad by any means, but if you are in Madison and want Chinese food, go to Imperial Gardens.  Bigger portions for less money.
Madison is not a great town for Chinese food--nothing remotely comparable in authenticity or diversity of regional cuisines to what one finds in major coastal cities, and most options are watered down to relatively unadventurous midwestern tastes. Thus, commentary on P.F. Chang's lack of "authenticity" is rather meaningless in the Madison context.

Chang's is, of course, part of an upscale  national chain, for both better and worse. Were there more exciting--and less stereotypic-- family-run options in town (as there are with Thai and Laotian food), I would likely prefer them. And the larger local operations--notably including local favorite Imperial Gardens--strike me as insipid. Compared to those options, Chang's does what it does pretty well--offering fairly distinctive and imaginative tastes from a variety of regional Chinese cuisines. Spicing is more interesting and assertive than the local norm, and most of the options less gloppy. There are some lively vegetarian choices--we especially like their eggplant dish. And there are several lamb choices, unusual for Madison Chinese restaurants. Ambience is upscale bistro, somwhat loud except for a seasonal outdoor patio. Service quality has varied over multiple visits, with lots of relatively inexperienced, although generally friendly, young staff.
Not for every taste or budget, but in my view the closest to a decent place for Chinese-style food in town.
I give this place four stars for decor and service, subtracting two for overall value.  Not price...value.  In my opinion, PF Chang's is galactically overpriced takeout food, with the singular exception of their chicken lettuce wraps.  These are amazing, at least as much as that can apply to lettuce, and the only thing I would order again.  I've had several dishes, and end up feeling disappointed in each one- I love me some kung pao- theirs has simply been extraordinarily oily on the two occasions I've ordered it.  

OTOH, I have a couple of friends who swear by this place for their girls' nights out- to each her own.
I was badly craving asian food and decided to give PF Chang's a try.  Being a lone diner since I was in town for business, I was worried that they were going to ignore me or sit me in a crappy area to hide me.  However, the service was great.  I was glad to see my food come quickly and taste good.  

I had the lettuce wraps, crab rangoon, and a cup of their hot and sour soup.  All three were excellent.  I would definitely recommend this place to business travelers who might be staying in the area.  (There are a lot of hotels near by)
PF Changs is OK. The Kung Pao is tasty. Their sweet and sour soup is ok. The lettuce wraps are good. I am just not that impressed with this place because they charge too much money for the unexpceptional food you are get and the portions are too small (and I  rarely think that when I go out to eat).The music they play over the loud speakers is way too loud, it isn't dinner music but rather some mainstream radio played so loud that it is difficult to have a conversation with the people you are having dinner with and you feel like you have to listen to someone else's taste in music at too high of a volume.
Three Words:  Overpriced Chinese Food

For a chain, it's not that bad chinese food - not authentic, definitely what you call "Americanized Chinese Food", I'm always confused why they come to your table with their "special sauces" and then mix it, it's just soy sauce, hot sauce and mustard, am I not correct?  The portions are smaller than a usual Chinese joint and did I say over-priced?  I guess if you're in Madison this could be the place to go for Chinese, but then  you have to pay more for not even really good Chinese.  I've been here more than once with my family, we always seem to gravitate towards here if we want Chinese and we want to sit-down and eat.  The service here isn't the best either, they seem to just pride themselves in there fancy, over-the top atmosphere of "Chinese" decorations and huge horse statues mounted outside the front doors.
Lettuce wraps are a must.  They are the reason I go to PF Changs.  That and the banana spring roll dessert.  I normally get either the tuna, orange shrimp or honey chicken and all are always good.  Nothing extraordinary, but always quick, good and huge portions so you have something to take home.  The servers all seem knowledgeable and I really enjoy the booth seating and overall atmosphere.
My 3 year old son's favorite restaurant. I like it, the wife likes it. It's a winner. The food is good, the service is definitely adequate and items handed out with the children's menu makes dining there a lot easier on the adults. We're usually in and out fairly quickly too.
Food presentation is good but the Ma-Po Tofu leans too heavily on salt. The Garlic Noodles were more subtle. The Spring Rolls were crisp and fresh from the fryer  Lunch prices seem reasonable. Portions  are reasonably sized rather than super-sized with lesser ingredients  Good place to take people who aren't too fussy about the authenticity of the food but want a step up from the swill that passes for Chinese food in most of Madison  Decor is very good and a definite plus. Service is fast, friendly, and efficient. There are gluten free and vegetarian options.
i've been to several Changs.  Left my work credit card here by mistake.  Manager said she would Fedex it to me on Monday.  

If it arrives - going to a 5 star!
And the credit card arrived!  Thanks so much!
We stopped here in the early afternoon to get some food to take home and enjoy.   I had heard some raves about this restaurant and my hopes were high.  When we stepped in there was no one there to great us at the carry out desk.   Understandable as it was a bit early and not the main entrance area.   We waited about 10 minutes and someone finally noticed us.  They apologized and took our order.
During our wait we had the opportunity to watch the kitchen staff sort of laze about the kitchen area.  They could start with the pans that were left laying on the floor.  The area looked unkempt.   The restaurant looked dark and uninviting.  It reminded me of being back stage after the production of a high school musical.   Sounds a little weird I guess but that is what came to mind.
The food arrived in ok time and off we went.
Some of the flavors were a little better than what you find at Chinese take out places.  The portions were smaller than we expected.  Nothing that spectacular and nothing to rave about.
May give them a second chance some day but there are many more places to check out before we go back again.
Good food, fine service, but not a destination restaurant.

This area has many better choices.  For a quick predictable meal, P F Chang's is a good choice.  There was nothing wrong with my meal (salmon, rice, veggies) but there were no highlights.
Atmosphere typical of PF which I'm okay with! Wasn't too busy this day and noise was at a low level. Service was fast and friendly. Brown rice a bit dry. Shrimp n lobster sauce was okay! I was hungry or may have given one less star!
I have been to pf chang's many times and the food was quite good. Me and my husband went there recently and i feel that their quality has gone down. We ordered vegetable dumplings and it was very bad. We could hardly find any veggies inside. We also ordered vegetable fried rice and it was just average.
I like PF Chang restaurants.  This wasn't the best experience I've had there, though.  The food was very average; nothing to write home about.  The service was decent, only because it was a ghost town on a Saturday night.  ....very average, not like most experiences I've had with this chain.
It was my first time at a P.F.Changs.  I was not impressed.  It was good but not awesome.  Took along time for my group to get our lunch.  Egg drop soup was disgusting.  I love egg drop soup and that was the worst I ever had.  Spring rolls were good and there special combination of sauce was yummy.
Good, consistent food and really good service.  Whether dining in or carrying out we've never been disappointed.
Great meal. Good cocktails. Waay to pricey for an Asian food chain. It suffers from the typical Middleton restaurant dilemma: we'd like more people that just Middleton to come, but we know they can't afford it. They interior is attractive, but as with many restaurants, tables are tightly packed. I'd eat there again, but expect to drop a some coin for a dinner and round of cocktails.
The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked
What this place really has going for it is the customer service.  The waitstaff is top notch.  This particular location has a nice, intimate feel to it, though, that does vary from location to location.  We dined at the PF Chang's in Denver a couple of years ago, and it was loud, crowded, and flooded with way too much natural light effectively killing the ambience.  

Anyway, the food here is good, not crazy good.  You probably aren't going to run through the streets screaming about yer love for the PF Chang.  However, I'm a fan of the double pan fried noodles, and I could eat those until I explode.    

I'd say this is a good place for a cozy dinner with a fine lady.  Hubba hubba.  Not that I did that.  I went here with a kid and a grouchy old man!  By the time we were ready to leave the provided chopsticks were being used inappropriately, and the kid was making herp derp faces at the old man and pissing him off.    

I tipped big to ease the waitstaffs suffering.    

Werd.
the food is great, almost always. However, the customer service is horrid, and has been for the past two years. I lived in Chicago previously, and frequented the PF Changs there. The wait staff's attentiveness at that location, which is 100 times busier, was much better. For the price, PF Changs should hire some better wait staff. It has turned us off of one of our favorite restaurants.
I've never been to a P.F. Chang's - and as somebody who grew up in Asia, I was pleasantly surprised with how it tasted close-to Chinese. It's nothing to write home about, but still a solid place to have Chinese food. I was in a group for work, and didn't get to see the bill, but I'm guessing it's on the pricey side.
Utter overpriced garbage. The vegetables do taste fresh and the tofu actually has some taste but there is one problem with the few things I've had - they apparently have no idea what spices are. It has got to be the safest, most boring sodium laced food I've ever had. Ma-po tofu last time I checked was a spicy food, what I had was about as spicy as butter popcorn from the movie theater.
Highly recommend the Gluten Free shakin beef dish. Cook and delivered perfectly!
Don't do it. Just don't. You're better of with some frozen boxes out of the freezer section of the grocery store. 

Our dish was half hot, warm in the middle, and cold on the other side. The dessert was stale and bland. 

BF was BLOATED like he was in his third trimester and miserable for TWO days after. Ew.
Easy to give them 1 star and move on.
The frozen PF Changs from grocery freezer is better than this place.
I had the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer and the pork pot stickers.  They were middle of the road.  The spicy chicken on the lunch menu was more sweet, and the kung pao scallops were overcooked. My friend who loves all things spicy wasn't pleased with their hot dish, but the wait staff went back and brought out some of the flaming sauce from the flaming won ton dish.  My friend was quite happy with that when he used that to amp up his dish.  All in all, it was nice to have a lunch with a salad or soup option but they lacked taste in the hotness category and overcooking scallops is just not a good thing to do.  I'll try them one more time, but I'm not convinced it'll be better.
When you don't have that many options on Christmas Eve, this was a safe bet.  The food was a bit on the sweeter side of Americanized Chinese food. 

The egg drop soup and the spare rib starters were actually quite tasty. I wouldn't order the crispy honey shrimp or the sweet and sour pork again.  the chocolate peanut butter dessert was tasty.  

Service was excellent, of course, that's what this Chain promises.  Middleton is a chain food paradise - we'd come back again, but likely not above our other local favorites - Fugu, House of Mei (in Sun Prairie), and other places near State Street in Madison.
I had some awesome lettuce wraps! It was a nice place and everyone was welcoming. The crispy honey chicken wasn't crispy and I feel like katos chicken in the mall is better and for more then half the price. Overall the food came out quick and if you go there try something more unique and get the lettuce wraps!
Went here with my wife for my birthday dinner. Our server made the experience way better than our expectations. They substituted some dinner options for us with no problem, food came quick, food was very tasty, and they gave us a few extras when they wrapped our leftovers (maybe because it was my birthday? )

Dining environment was very relaxing and was prefect for our date night. I would recommend the lettuce wraps, Mongolian Beef,  and New York style cheesecake. I look forward to eating here again in the future!
I've eaten at PF Changs a total of 2 times, once about 6-7 years ago and then again just this month. We only dined here because another couple with whom we wanted to have dinner picked this place. The first time I had eaten here several years back I did not enjoy my food at all. In fact i could not even tolerate eating it. I had ordered the Lemon Chicken, which should be renamed "Lemon with some chicken in there somewhere" because all I could taste was the overpowering lemon.
Unfortunately we had to venture back here for a second time due to our friends suggesting we meet them here for a date night several times. Positive experience from this visit is that we did get seated right away and our server was attentive.  As far as the ambience of this restaurant i would describe it as having a dark, classy, and romantic feel. However do not feel the need to dress up by any means because the other diners will not be. Even though it appears higher end and nice inside I would not suggest having a "romantic date night" planned here as you may be surrounded by large groups dressed in jeans and sweatshirts with children running everywhere or babies crying. 
As for the food, it is your basic "Americanized" Chinese  food with a larger price tag and smaller portion than your average Chinese take out place with no real difference in taste or quality. Everyone who dines here rants and raves about their lettuce wraps being AMAZING! I tried them during this most recent visit and thought they were good but I wouldn't go as far as saying they are amazing. For my entre, I tried their beef and broccoli which was good but was just as good as the beef and broccoli I get at my Chinese food place in my small hometown. For dessert, my boyfriend and I shared the Salted Caramel cake which we both enjoyed because of its lightness (wasn't overly sweet).

To sum things up:
Do not come here for a romantic date night
If you don't mind paying extra and getting less portion-wise for standard Americanized Chinese food place than this is the place for you. 

If you want really good Chinese go elsewhere! I suggest Wah Kee (@ 600 Williamson St. Madison, WI 53703) or  for a Tradional Southeast Asain eatery give Ha Long Bay a try (@ 1353 Williamson Street Madison Wi 53703). They are not as fancy on the inside as PF Changs but your food will be more outstanding.
I went to PF Chang's specifically to try their gluten-free (GF) menu. I had heard that PF Chang's has excellent kitchen practices in place to avoid cross-contamination with gluten-containing items. I also heard a touching story that the reason the restaurant has a legit GF menu is because the CEO's daughter has Celiac disease. I don't know if that's true or not, but it is a nice thought at least.

The gluten-free menu is slightly limited, but I knew immediately what I wanted...the Mongolian Beef! I got mine with white rice and I made sure to specify that our table needed gluten-free soy sauce (which our waiter promptly brought out to me). The Mongolian Beef was the bomb! Sweet and slightly spicy, with crispy edges, yet it was still tender. My husband ordered from the regular menu and had a Cashew Chicken dish. He liked his a lot, but he preferred my Mongolian Beef. It was really, really good. Our waiter was pretty nice too. I thought he was attentive, and he didn't make me feel weird for asking lots of questions about the menu and making special requests. 

This review is only four stars instead of five for the following two reasons. 1. We waited a LONG time to place our orders. It was a bit excessive. However, once we did order, it didn't take too long for the food to come out. 2. I thought the food was really, really salty. I love salt, so it didn't ruin it for me, but I felt it was a bit excessive, and I had to drink about a quart of water later. Otherwise, it was a great experience, and I will definitely be back soon!
Brought my kids for the first time to Pei Wei here on Bell Fountain shopping area. My son gobbled up the Lo Mein and dumplings. I was happy with the Pad Thai. I said hi to the manager and my son made a big deal about loving the food, and the manager popped me a $10 gift card for our next visit! Sweet. So we went back a week later, and enjoyed it even more. Soon to be a mainstay for the Murrow kids, no doubt. 

The cafeteria style ordering works for busy families too. Beer & wine available too.
I fwicken ruv v thees praacce. 

We ooda da foo lik one tim a wek. We ru v v eve ting we ooda. 

Garlic Chicken with brown rice
Chicken Fried Rice
Pei Wei Spicy Chicken with white rice
Side of potsticker sauce

Seriously 1 time a week for the last 3 months or so. The food is always on point and damn good.
okay so this review is a little biased. The first time i went here was with my (now) x-husband, and he happened to be break out the "I want a divorce" while we were eating. 

I really do like the food here, and it's an excellent place to go for a lunch break, or with your family (getting all choked up)  
I love spicy food...
Sunday seems to be Pei Wei day in my house. 

I usually go pick it up and bring it home. I like to watch them make the food, so I sit at the little bar area. Man they can cook. 

Michael the manager is really nice but keeps a tight ship. He seems to know how to run a place. :) 

As I mentioned we have found the favorites and order as usual but this tim we added the sesame chicken... meh, I will stick to the others. 4.5 stars
The wife and I have been to this location literally dozens of times since they've opened.  We've eaten in, we've taken out.  This time, since an errand called us away during dinner prep time, we called the order in on the way back.

Got there about 10-15 minutes after we called the order in, and it was ready to go for us right when we arrived.  There was a slight snafu in paying...I have a PF Chang 'Emperor's Card' which gives the holder 10% off at PF Chang...we had also been told that it was good at Pei Wei.  Apparently it is not accepted there.  Which isn't that much of a problem...expect that it took 5-10 minutes for them to figure it out.  The person helping me called another store (or someone) to verify and before she did I told her that it wasn't a big deal, I didn't want to have to wait 5-10 minutes just for $1-$2.  She assured me it would be quick...but to me it wasn't.  Not a huge deal, but definitely not optimal.

Got home with the food, lettuce wraps and honey seared chicken with brown rice is a perfect sized meal for the two of us, and usually we have some leftovers.  Everything was good, as per usual, though they never pack enough lettuce cups, that is kind of annoying.  

Solid four stars for Pei Wei, the food is always delicious, the service is always good (even with the wait this time, it was still good service and friendly).  Definitely will be back.
Great service, food and price. I am a fan! 

We were her tonight and the place was packed. The server type hostess was kind enough to allow 4 at the bar so the kids could watch them make the food. We all had a good time. 

Pei Wei spicy chicken, chicken fried rice and honey seared chicken... 25 bucks
The _Sliding Scale of Value_ comes into play here.

"Confucious say: He who eat at chain store often Pei Wei too much." ***

Sure the ingredients are fresher but if the pei wei chicken has the exact same flavor profile as the orange chicken at Panda, why pay twice as much?

What looks like a lot of variety, really isn't.  I felt that they could do a little more with veggies, I mean, almost every dish has snow peas and carrot disks and green onion/scallion.  Not very creative at all.

The digs provide a nice atmosphere, and bussers were keeping the lunch rush mess in check, mostly.  I have a problem with their method of putting a stack of small plates and napkins on all the empty tables.  It only seems nice and convenient to have if you want to grab and use them, but they don't clear the unused away when bussing, so who's to say the previous diners at that table didn't touch or sneeze all over them.  
GROSS! and maybe even a health violation, or at least it should be, in my eyes.

I'll go back and try other dishes, but only when I'm sick of everything else near by.  Pink Pepper is right across the parking lot, after all.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/pink-pepper-thai-cuisine-phoenix#hrid:yZp_H0z-Te_Ry9PgfPLY9A

***If you like Pei Wei, but would prefer to patronize a locally owned, independent, surprisingly similar equivalent to this popular chain, checking out Moto Sushi is a MUST.   http://www.yelp.com/biz/moto-sushi-phoenix#hrid:MeS_qbooFUkIfp_W3wccaQ    The owner once had custom fortune cookies printed up, and one of them said, "Confucious say: He who eat at chain store often Pei Wei too much."
I don't know how but I swear the Chicken Fried rice got better... We actually crave this place. 

I find it hard to believe that they do not get good reviews, they are always busy.
This place is awesome!  A friend took me here for lunch.  I was surprised we were going to a chain restaurant.  The food arrived and the smell wafting from the plate made my nose tingle.  The food was visually appetizing as well, then I took the first bite and thought I was in spicy food heaven.  The chicken was tender, spicy and delicious.  The rice was clumpy but not too sticky and the service was excellent for a "fast food" place.  I'll be coming back here again and again!  Think I'll head there right now!!
Lunch at Pei Wei is basically a done deal.  Food is consistently fast and good.  The staff was very accommodating, basically creating a new dish that my son would eat, but giving us the child's price still.

Can't go wrong here.
We tried a new dish on our Sunday ritual. It was the Caramel Chicken, as they said in the ad.
"Subtle sweetness of caramel with a hint of chile and fresh pineapple. The dish is topped with a fresh Asian slaw of cucumber, red bell pepper, carrots, red onion and Fresno chile peppers marinated in black pepper Asian vinaigrette." 

It was good!
Pei Wei is always busy, that's gotta mean something right? Wrong. There are restaurants that serve billions yet all they serve is a gross mystery. Pei Wei is no mystery though, the food is cooked in an open air kitchen. Even so, if there were such a thing as Asian fast food, Pei Wei would be cleaner version of it.

Most Pei Wei's are situated in pompous locations where ever there is an AJ Fine Foods, but atleast they aren't located in the ghetto.

As far as the food goes, it is about as Americanized as you can get. So if you live in America and have American taste buds, it will appeal to you. Unfortunately if you want authentic Asian food you won't find it at Pei Wei. I don't understand why they even bother to put chopsticks on the table, the rice isn't even sticky enough to pick it up with. They are for decoration. They are part of the 'fake' Asian dining experience. Apparently, Pei Wei serves food "manadrian style" from Thailand, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and China. In the words of Bill Lumbergh, "Ooo.. yeahh.. I'm just not sure about that." Having traveled to China I can honestly tell you that Chinese food is different. Apart from the rice, the food lacks vegetable oil and garlic. In China those two ingrediants are used in many dishes and Pei Wei lacks them. When I first started visiting Pei Wei I ordered the Sweet and Sour, but I got sick of it. Sometimes the meat would be tough, sometimes the chicken would clump together all nastily. What I get now-a-days and what I got on this particular day was Mandarin Kung Pao. Even though the dish is spicy, that doesn't mean it has to be dry - and it was. What it was missing was some catalyst to bring out the spicy flavors and make them more vibrant.

The dishes at Pei Wei are family style meaning they are meant to be shared with several people. A dish and a drink will end up costing you about $10. If each person gets one dish, that's a lot of food, probably enough to feed a small village in Africa somewhere. It would be nice if they served each dish in two styles, family and single, large and small. Family style is great if you always visit Pei Wei with your family. But if you are out for lunch with people from work you might not want to share your food with your co-workers. They aren't your family. You don't know them.

Pei Wei is a modern Asian diner that is probably better than most of the mom and pop Asian diners out there, even if most of the food is cooked by Mexi-- I mean Asians.
I like Pei Wei. I have been to this location about 10 times & the down town location about 3 times. I usually order the honey seared chicken with white rice, it's yummy! Their edamame isn't bad either. My hubby likes their pork egg rolls & mongolian chicken. One item I did not care for were the crab wontons, I also didn't care for their sweet & sour sauce that came with them. Last night when I picked up a to go order, the manager informed me they were out of chocolate chip cookies, I had ordered one with my online order. So he kindly gave me a $10 gc & told me to come back for a chocolate chip cookie on the house, now that is awesome customer service! I will definitely keep returning.
I have been sick for over a week now & was not in the mood to cook last night so I placed an online order & had my hubby go pick it up. I got our usuals; edamame, pork egg rolls & honey seared chicken with white rice. New items we tried were; crispy potsickers, mandarin kung pao chicken (mild) with fried rice & a cookie (they didn't run out this time!). The reason I dropped a star was because I gave my hubby that $10 gc that I had received about a month ago & they told him he couldn't use it. WTF, why not?! He said they didn't give him an explanation & I'm sure he was just in a hurry to get out of there. Next time I'll go pick it up myself & if I am able to use it, I'll give them back their star. If I'm not able to again, then idk if I'll be back...
I have been back again and again, they are still awesome.  Every time I go or call in an order I vow I'm going to try something different and every time I order the same thing.  One day, I'll try something other than the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken.  

Their take out is very well run, they know who I am when I call and they even know what I want, it's always ready when they say it will be and it's always hot when I get it home.

That said, eating in is always best, not sure why but the food just tastes better on a plate than it does from the plastic container.
It's Pei Wei. The service and food are always satisfactory.
This place food is fast and very well made and very tasty food
I've been to the one in Chicago a couple of times and didn't write a great review. This location is actually pretty good. We started out with egg rolls, sesame chicken and mandarian beef (I think). The chicken was good, not overly salty like what I'm used to. The beef was a little tough and chewy. It's close to our home so I'm sure we'll go again when we don't feel like cooking.

We went at 5:30 on Sunday evening and it was packed for both take out and dining in. Be prepared to wait for a little while. The waitstaff was attentive and friendly.
What's all the fuss?  I'm not sure what folks compare this chain too? The Dead Duck Inn?  Joe's local Chinese Gag house? Are those places that great? Sooo fresh and delicious!? Not in my days? Pre-made sitting around and HEAVY oil is what I see from most other establishments. Even those touted by friends. Maybe it's because they know George from behind the counter.  It's not Pei Wei! Pei Wei is a quick, fresh and inexpensive gift from heaven. Even the hard to please Yelper has to admit, the multiple options you have to modify your meal should give you no excuse not to love what you order. The food is fresh and prepared to order. Even fried rice is made to order. The sauces are made from scratch and are a combination of quality Chinese ingredients. (Chili paste, fresh garlic, scallions, bean curd, and a bounty of fresh Chinese vegetables).  Go Yon China will serve you pre-made sauces with no punch and lots of giggle. The atmosphere at Pei Wei is great! Black and dark red with glossy graphics and all sorts of Chinese! Even with the "stand in line" style of dining. Makes me hungry just thinkin' about the joint. However, to me it's a take out Ferrari! Call in, swipe my card and off I go. Sure, it's not Chang's. Still, it's better than the local Dead Duck Inn's "food" stained art, with a Chinese New Year paper place mat. 

Of course! I'm looking at the healthier options a Chinese food place may have to offer, and Pei Wei lifts the bar in multiple sets! Get your chicken steamed, go brown rice, add extra vegetables or go vegetarian. Still you may complain..."Oh, is it too salty? Or too sweet?" Give me a break. This is CHINESE FOOD! And, you won't find MSG. So, if you don't want spicy, salty or sweet; have a meal from Bland of the Rising Sun. But, if you want a highly under rated treat...I ask you to open your mind to this familiar spot for clean, fresh, made to order and "if you like" healthy Chinese food!
Disappointment! I have been a huge fan and loyal patron of Pei Wei since they came to the valley. We don't go as much as we used to, but a few weeks ago we ordered take-out. I asked if they would include both a mild and a hot sauce for the lettuce wraps and I customized a kids meal. When Dave brought our food home the first thing we noticed was 2 fortune cookies for three meals. Ok, maybe I shouldn't complain...but come on! Then the kids meal had barely any meat, another disappointment. First, I dove into the lettuce wraps, which they only provided one sauce - not the two they said they would provide. However; the worst part was my meal, I had the Mongolian beef...a dish I usually crave from them, but my meal was so salty I couldn't even eat it! It was absolutely horrible! Again, very little meat in the dish. Sorry, but I think you lost a customer over this meal!
Yum! Pei Wei has delicious Asian meals on the cheap. The atmosphere is also very nice, with well-thought-out lighting and digital menus that are easy to read. The rice dishes feature massive portions of food. Even when the place is packed (which it often is!) food is made quickly and is always steaming hot. My only complaint would be that the prices have gone up by about $1 since I started going to this location last June, which is my only reason to deduct a star. 

Great location and nice outdoor seating make this place even better. 
Even though prices are similar, I find Pei Wei to be a step above Panda Express as the selection is larger and the food tastes fresher (probably because they haven't been sitting in a wok for hours). Go check it out! I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
My wife and I are big fans of the Pei Wei chain.  We are semi-regulars at the location at the District at Tustin Legacy in Irvine, California and love it.  We were on a weekend trip to watch Spring Training Games in Arizona and this location was very close to the hotel we were staying at.  The restaurant is starting to show its wear and age.  It appears to be an older shop in the chain.  Things started off on the wrong foot with the gentleman that took our order. We asked for our usual order of Lo Mein with Beef and Kung Pao Shrimp and a side order of Pot Stickers.  Our order taker added extra shrimp to our Lo Mein instead of the Kung Pao Shrimp that we had ordered, so we only had one item for a family of four. Once the food came out, it was very evident that the quality was not what we were accustomed to from our usual location.  The beef was a bit fattier, and the overall dish was much greasier than we were accustomed.  The potstickers were seriously over cooked  were dry and had very bad flavor.  We then waited for a while for our Kung Pao that never came.  Once we figured out that there had been a mistake on the order, I went over to the front desk and brought it to their attention.  The manager recognized the mistake and to her credit said that she would handle it.  I offered to pay since I recognize that the order taker may not have heard me since it was very loud in the restaurant.  However the manager made our food and delivered it to us at no additional charge.  That was very good in my book.  The kung pao shrimp was definitely much better than the other two items that we had.  While I like Pei Wei very much the food at this location was not up to the standard that we are used to from this chain.
I give one star for cool soda dispenser.
We could not finish our meals. Chewy beef,Salty fried rice,too dry white rice,
We do not have iron stomach to digest their food.
I'm over Pei Wei.  The food is consistently mediocre and the service is lackluster to say the least.  This particular location has always had issues for me.  Today when we arrived the young woman behind the counter chewed on her nails as she took our order.  The other young lady behind the counter taking orders was totally rude to the group ordering after us.  I won't be back to this or any Pei Wei... GRRRROSS!
Good food and service
Consistently good, quality food at an affordable price.  Easy to order and especially take out.  Great for kids and they alway offer coupons or discounts, what a way to treat loyal customers.  It's packed all the time so I know I'm not a lone fan.  I wish they had egg drop soup though...
This was my very first time to a Pei Wei, I was excited to try them out. The wonderful and strong smells that wrap around your nose as soon as you step in to the place, cause some form of excitement in your stomach for the food that awaits. But, in all honesty Pei Wei left me wanting more, more flavors, more spices, and better textures. It was not as good as I had expected it to be, and I had high hopes for it, since my former co-worker had been raving on how good the food was from this place. I will tell you that the lettuce wraps were good, and I think the best thing I had from them that day, I also had some of the spicy orange chicken and that lacked flavor and chicken, It felt like I was eating a ball of dough, covered with sauce and with the minimal amount of chicken on it, and the pork egg roll, was not that tasty neither was the fried rice. I know others may love it, but It was simply not for me! 
Thanks anyways, it's not you Pei, It's me!! :)
Today I called to place a To Go Order for my lunch. The girl on the phone was extremely rude and inpatient with me. I ordered the Caramel dish with steamed chicken, rice noodles and an extra side of sauce. When I arrived at Pei Wei it was just before the lunch rush. My order was checked by "Kaleigh" who was not very friendly. She had a very bad attitude. From the call to the face to face interaction I felt like placing my order was a big inconvenience. I paid for my order and left thinking what awful people they have working there. When I got home i took one bite of my order and realized it was not rice noodles. I have an allergy to the regular noodles which is why I modified my order. My stomach was in immediate pain as to how sensitive my allergy is. I drove back to Pei Wei and the same girl was at the counter. I told her that my order was wrong and I could not eat it. She asked rudely if I wanted a side of rice noodles. I declined and told her I would like my order remade as the chicken was cross contaminated. She did not alert the manager, I assume for how busy it was. I cannot emphasis enough how TERRIBLE the customer service was. I will never return to this location. I am left hoping the painful symptoms of my allergy will soon pass.
I'm surprised by the low reviews for Pei Wei.  I, frankly, like the food here and I love how they will customize your meal if you tell them to add or delete certain ingredients. And I've never had any problems getting my food in a timely manner.
By chance, I discovered their edamame is out of this world!  It's sauted in sea salt and ginger and extremely tasty.  I've tried to remake this at home but haven't quite gotten the flavor as good as theirs yet.
The fact that this location is consistently busy attests to their philosophy of good food, quick, at reasonable prices.
I also like how they try to change out their menus so that it's not the same items month after month, year after year.
I've always loved their concept every since they opened and I hope they continue to thrive here and elsewhere in Phoenix!
The smells of Pei Wei always tempt me whether I am shopping for groceries at Sprouts or when I used to work out at the hell hole called LA Fitness. They have some seriously tempting aromas permeating...

I have always had lukewarm experiences at Pei Wei. Some better than others. They have some standard noodle dishes. Nothing to write home about but satisfying nonetheless. 

The last time I went I was excited because I saw advertised that they now sell lettuce wraps. I was thinking if they are anything like the more upscale and much tastier brother restaurant PF Changs lettuce wraps then I was in for a treat. But...

No vegetarian lettuce wraps. Boo! Hiss! Just chicken and beef. How easy would it be to chop up some tofu, give it the same basic seasoning, and serve it up with some iceberg?

SIgh. 

I noticed they have a coconut curry dish. Hmmm... I like coconut curry. Should be good, right? Big mistake vegegirly. I should know better. I am spoiled by authentic hole in the wall Thai restaurants nearby me. 

So I order up coconut curry with tofu and veggies with noodles instead of rice. Bland. Bland. Bland. Yes it has a bit of a dull spicy kick to it. But it lacks the depth of flavor that a GOOD coconut curry should have. Noodles had an unpleasant texture. 

I tasted some noodles from my husbands chicken teriyaki. Good flavor. Should have gotten that. 

Bottom line? Stick to the basics if you are ordering food here.
Yet another example of a restaurant chain that has been crapped out of the back end of corporate America.  I went to this place because a couple of friends... preppy white boring friends... recommended it.  I should have known I would hate it.  

First, I walk in thinking it would at least be sit down, but no... it's a fast food.  You have to go to the counter.  I guess the new terminology that folks are using in order to convince white yuppies with money is 'fast casual.'  Not fast food - fast casual.  I guess the difference is that they bring the food to your table.  Well, isn't that a fancy cup of hot tea.

And then there's the menu, which bring up the question.  What do you get when you cross a Panda Express with another Panda Express?  You get this craphole called Pei Wei, at twice the price.  

And how do you pronounce it?  PeeWee?  Is that supposed to be cute?  Hello Kitty, meet average corporate Asian dump.

But what bugs me the most is I saw what type of clientele this place attracted.  The same folks who would scream at forking over an extra buck at a locally owned Asian restaurant are giving away the bank for bland, typical, run of the mill food that you could find at your local Dennys.  White people just piss me off... and I can say that because I'm white.  

You didn't see Asians in there.  You didn't see any Latinos, and you certainly didn't see any Black folk.  All you saw were a bunch of white preptards that would fit in nicely at a Jeff Foxworthy concert.  "You know your a redneck when... you eat at Pei Wei Asian dinner and you really think you are getting a taste of real Asian culture.  Hell yeah!"

I know how you are, thinking that you are going to teach your kids what real Asians eat and in a environment that is true to the Asian culture and you'll show your little snot head kids how to eat with chopsticks so they can learn to become the brain dead pretentious adults that their parents have become but in fact they know just as much about true culture as a plastic fork.

Well, that's how I saw the whole thing.  Parking was good.
The staff is very attentive. My man - V is not a fan of onions and they came to the table to double check the order. He ordered the teriyaki with no scallions but did not mention that he would also like no onions. They were kind enough to ask about the onions since he said no scallions.  Good thing because I love onions and would have been good with less. 

After we received our meal he wanted some more teriyaki sauce. They were nice enough to bring it out shortly after it was requested. 

Overall experience was enjoyable.
Last night may have been the first time I did not have a perfect meal from PW. The cooks were a tad slow and while we all ordered all at the same time the food arrived in shifts...in fact once i received my dish one person in our group was done with his. It was that bad. 

% stars heh? YES when she brought the last dish she apologized and offered a $10 gift card. 

We get the PW Spicy Chicken with brown rice and a Chicken Fried rice...to us it is a perfect meal.
I've never seen it as busy as it was last night. 7:00 on a Sunday and it was packed, 30 min wait just for some lettuce wraps to-go. 

We dine here about 3 times a month and *knock on wood* it's always been great. I've never had a bad meal, my order is always correct. I never get home and realize they forgot a sauce or gave me the wrong food. I'm impressed.
Can't go wrong with pei Wei! Great location for dining in or sitting on the patio when az weather permits. Right now they have a special menu, I tried the Thai chicken lettuce wraps and they are amazing! I hope they add this as a permanent item to their menu. They also have 2 saved convenient parking spots in case you are doing pick up you can be in and out quickly
We absolutely love this place. We generally order the same thing every time. 
.spicy chicken brown rice
.chicken fried rice
.honey seared chicken for the kids
Today we did sweet and sour chicken instead of honey seared.

The staff is generally very nice, quick, and good customer service. 

Don't come here looking to replace your favorite type of food.
Don't come here looking to replace your favorite authentic Chinese food.
Don't come here looking for a real restaurant experience.

Do come here for fresh American versions of Chinese food.
Good food at a great price. 

My husband and I split shrimp with brown rice in a honey glaze. We added some veggies and asked to have it all steamed. It came out yummy and plentiful for less than $12! We'll be back.
I had coupons and got a spicy Korean tofu and gluten free sweet and sour chicken, edamame, and a small fried rice all for $10.26. I just love how Pei Wei offers such great deals and I am always happy with the food and service tops!
Eat Here!
Ordered online for pickup, set the time, got there a minute early. Boom, food was ready. Drove home, food was all there and hot! I can't ask for more than that.
Pei Wei is always a great option when you are wanting some really flavorful Americanized Asian food and still want to eat healthy. It is basically a fast food version it's parent company P.F. Chang's and they do a great job of it.

Really like they way the menu is setup. You can pick your meats and the style of cooking as well as a tasty sauce to go with it. We have been here several times and always enjoy trying out the different specials that they are running.

All the cooking is done right in front of you in the open kitchen. It is fun to hear the sizzling of the meals as they are preparing them to perfection. Inside is also very casual and you can sit wherever you want. They even have a fun patio outside for when the weather is permitting.

We have tried most of the items that they serve and have not found one yet that we do not like. I usually go extra spicy with brown rice and then docter it up with more chili sauce to get my groove going. My wife likes to keep it a bit cooler and has a tendency to go on the mild side.

Service is alway very fast and friendly and the plates come out at lighting speed. Normally come here right before grocery shopping to avoid buying more food than we need.

I'm getting hungry just writing this review. Honey ... what do you want for dinner? Just might be time for some more Pei Wei. ORDER UP!

4.25 STARS
Normally would give 5 stars but my experience today sucked. They were out of a ton of flavors on both coke machines, and food was mediocre.  Dont get the classic lettuce wraps. Get them from cheesecake factory or pf changs. The diced chicken ruined it. Too salty, wouldve been better with with a sweet chili dipping sauce. There were no water chestnuts as advertised.  My boyfriends teriyaki chicken also came out with the wrong vegatables. These cooks seem to put on their own style (aka whatever they feel like putting on it). Strange. I will stick to what I know is good next time. Unusual experience, pei wei is usually on point and extremely tasty and fresh, especially for the price.
I know it isn't trendy to like chain restaurants, but I have to say Pei Wei almost always delivers. I love the convenience of ordering online for in-store pickup (like most millenials, I would rather shoot myself in the testicles than pick up the phone and talk to a real person). There is great variety and originality in the menu, and they really let you customize the heck out of your meal. Go eat here. Now.
Sadly a favorite place checked off the list. Have been coming to this location for many years, always consistent, always good. 

Today I learned that they have changed their portion size, I got the large (before there was never a choice) but it appeared that label was referring to the size of the undercooked brown rice which was crunchy.

I have always been willing to pay a little bit of a premium at Pei Wei knowing I was getting a good serving and never left hungry. Now I find myself thinking what we will have for dinner and I am still at lunch.

Not a bad experience, but a HUGE fall from the restaurant I really enjoyed.
I know I might some flack for only giving this place 3 stars, but really....it's no different than Chang's.  If I could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5.  Why?  Because I think it's better than Chang's.  It's exactly the same menu (just not as diverse), but cheaper.  If you are at this location, try Tott's instead.  I bet you'll start going there more often than here.
i've eaten at several pei wei restaurants -- which are all about the same -- but i've chosen to review this one, because it's special for a couple of reasons:

- it's closest to my home
- it was after a lunch meal here that i decided i would be plenty happy if i never eat at pei wei again

this is my fifth review on yelp, and it's my first review of a chain.  there's a good reason for that -- i spend much more time and money at mom and pop stores than chains.

there's nothing wrong with pei wei -- but there's nothing really right about it either.  the recipes are solid, but the ingredients are average.  the service is acceptable, but you know nobody really cares.  the decor is cool at first glance, but it lacks depth and character.

all of the pei wei pieces are right, but when you put it all together you still end up with an impersonal chain restaurant that's nothing more than a series of business decisions, by committee.

ok.  with that said...if you've never been to pei wei, you should probably give it a try.  i'm no fan of chains, but these guys pull it off much better than most other cookie-cutter eateries. you'll probably enjoy at least your first 1/2 dozen or so experiences. the lettuce wraps, spicy korean, and blazing noodles used to be favorites of mine.

so there's another reason why i picked this location to review...it's also right next to Tott's, which is everything i imagine pei wei would be if it wasn't a huge corporation, was run by a hand-picked staff, and was paying someone's mortgage.  it's an excellent example of why privately owned, mom and pop, and smaller, can be so much better.  just try the bourbon chicken there and see if you ever go back to pei wei...
Not to sure why the other reviews weren't as good, but I like Pei Wei. Yes, this is the same (for the most part) as PF Chang's (same owner) but it's fast food and quicker. It's also a scaled down menu, too. 

I like that it's close to my house, so I can just pull up and head in the delivery door. 

I don't typically eat inside, but I've been to several Pei Wei's in the valley and this one is good.
I can't understand why anyone would eat here.  I've been there 3 times and simply put this place is awful.  The potstickers are tasteless, but that is better than any of the noodle dishes.  Those noddles taste as if they were made from wallpaper glue.   
Totts Asian diner is right there and sooooo much better.  Yuphia thai is down the street as well.  Both are much better choices.
This place gets so much hype and so many people always suggest it for meals, but after hearing awful stories about roaches and hair I was reluctant to go back. 

Thankfully, my meal was insect and hair free, but there was absolutely nothing memorable about it. I had the crab won-tons which were virtually tasteless.. My Pad Thai the same, I had to load it up with lime and rooster sauce for there to be anything to wrap my tongue around. However, my friend had the Mandarin Kung Pao, and it was yummy. I ate more of that than my own meal. To me it is just quick chain food that I could easily buy in a frozen package and throw in my wok for about half the price. One thing I will say is that their staff is eerily friendly, and I don't know if it was my extremely enormous Asian inspired tattoo that they were mesmerized by, but I was asked how I was doing at least 10 times, by several different dining room attendants.. Ill give them that, and their orange tea.. I could drink that for days.
On a whim, me and my wife decided to try out Pei Wei and for me it was one of the worst experiences I have had food wise at this chain. The food was less than mediocre. My meal (Honey Seared Chicken) was lukewarm and it tasted as if it had been sitting under a heating lamp for some time. The food itself lacked flavor all around. Save yourself some money and go to Tott's Asian Diner across the parking lot for much better food and better prices.
Great food, & friendly service. I've tried several of their dishes, but prefer the lo-mein category; the children's lo-mein is actually quite good. Not sure why pei wei gets negative ratings, but I enjoy this place as much as I do Tott's Asian Diner. Both are great places to eat at. It'd be nice if pei wei had listed open/closed hours though.
Pei Wei is like a fast-food version of PF Changs (same owner/recipes). There is something that is a MUST for anybody trying Pei Wei for the first time: Lettuce Wraps.

Absolutely worth the trip alone. I normally get this for myself as my entree, and my fiance likes the Honey Chicken. Both are excellent. I've also tried the Pad Thai, and it was just 'ok'. The dumplings were above average, but as stated, the thing to get is the Lettuce Wraps.

For a chain, its pretty good. The food has always been hot and fresh and flavors are great. I LOVE their Ice Tea as well. Service is always fast and courteous.
I'm not sure why everyone is so put out by Pei Wei, it's a fast yummy take out when you want to watch a movie at home or in a hurry. The cashier was super nice and when she overheard my boyfriend and I debating rice(since he doesnt like the brown) she offered to give us a side of brown on the house! We had the Carmel Chicken which was pretty amazing for a quick Asian place. We've also tried the mandrian Kung Pao and the Thai coconut Curry, both satisfied :) The only complaint is the tofu has a strange taste. 
If you're looking for a nice Asian meal go to P.F. Chang's but this is the same quality food for half the price!
Okay, so I might be a total weirdo, but I wake up craving Pei Wei's fried rice some days.  There is very little I enjoy more than waking up hungry at 10 AM on one of my days off, logging on to Pei Wei's website, and ordering fried rice just the way I like it without having to explain it to anyone and risk them writing it down wrong.  I'm antisocial, so what?  Then, I know that when they open at 11 AM they will have my very special order of fried rice hot and ready waiting for me.  The portions are huge, so a $6-$7 order of fried rice can last me up to four meals, which is an awesome [if not exactly healthy] deal.  

I don't really like much of their other food that I've tried.  There's some sort of curry dish that was nice, but I'm sticking to my fried rice with extra egg...  yum.
I really like Pei Wei.  But you have to understand what it is.  It is a chain.  It is not quite fast food, but not quite a restaurant.  It is rarely great, but almost never bad.  It's consistent, like most chains are.

The crab wontons are tasty, and I love the sweet chili sauce that they come with.  

Mongolian Beef, Honey Seared Shrimp are a couple of our go-tos.

There are much better Chinese/Asian restaurants in the world.  There are also quite a few worse.  Like I said, it is consistent and reliable - and sometimes that's all I need.  I rarely crave Pei Wei specifically, but I would never turn it down.
not bad. i like that you can order online and set up the time you want to pick up your food. i had the thai coconut curry and pot stickers. the food was good. obviously its not the most authentic but do you really expect authentic at a place like this? not really. all in all i'm a fan. i'll be back.
I've been here a countless amount of times. I had been wanting Pei Wei for about two weeks. Finally decided
To go and get lettuce wraps and one spring roll. Quick as always but wraps just didn't taste right. They had an "aftertaste" not a good one either. Spring roll was okay. Could taste the go ginger and the seaweed was too chewy. Very disappointed and am in no hurry to run back.
totts asian diner in the same complex kicks their ass any day of the week. i think i'm just not a pei wei person. it's like PF Chang's sister....on welfare.
There's some Pei Wei hating going on here, but I think I like their food better than PF Chang's. It's definitely less salty if nothing else! I got the lettuce chicken wraps, the PW Spicy chicken and the beef green curry with brown rice. Everything was good---just like you would get at an above average chain restaurant. I got the take out, and the hostess was really polite--she took the time to ask if I wanted condiments or utensils. I am mentioning that because it happened to be 31st Dec night, and the place was pretty packed. I actually quite liked the beef green curry! Think I'll add this place to my list of go-to restaurants for when I am craving Chinese fast food, and don't want to shell out $$ for PF Chang-like fare.
The BF picked up Pei Wei for dinner tonight (I have a cold and he wanted to get me some soup :-) ). We also have a bunch of gift cards to pf changs, which neither of us really likes so much, so we used one here. So we ordered online, which is a neat feature. I like how when you order online it allows you to pick and choose what ingredients you don't want and extras you might want. So anyway, when the BF got to the restaurant he paid and then was told it would just be a minute. He waited ten minutes and then asked how long it would be. The person working there said that our food was sitting on the counter, they were just waiting for the soup. So that was pretty bad, all the food was just sitting out for 15 minutes, the BF asked for them to remake the food and was given attitude. Eventually, they did remake the food. If they knew they didn't have soup, why would they box up all the rest of the food? It doesn't make sense. 

As for the taste of the food, it was mediocre. We got a couple potstickers, wonton soup, orange chicken, and dandan noodles. The potstickers are weird, less noodle, more like fried bread around the meat. Not so good. The wonton soup was pretty good, definitely the best thing we ordered. The orange chicken was alright and so were the dandan noodles. Everything was really salty... the pf chang way I guess. SO I would have to say that if i was going to eat pf changs, this is a nice, cheaper option, and the food is close to the same.
I love Pei Wei. The food is delicious. The service is usually super fast. Only problem we had today was a stray piece of chicken in my vegetarian daughter's lunch... Oh oh!

Overall they have a lot of tasty options for carnivores and veg-heads alike. And you can order any of their menu options with vegetables and tofu, and I have to say, the way they prepare tofu is my favorite!

For relatively "fast" food, Pei Wei is an excellent option for delicious and healthy dining out.
This is terrible food. I've had some not so great Chinese food before, but this place is by far the worst. It doesn't help to call it "asian" to avoid authenticity complaints. It's just bad. The beef must have been soaking in soy sauce for a week. I love salty food, but I developed hypertension after eating here. The sweet sauce in the "General Chi" style (whatever that is) was entirely too sweet to pass for anything. The beef was very tough and completely overcooked. The Orange chicken was the only mildly redeeming dish because I could eat more than a few bites without being overwhelmed with salt or sugar. I don't mean to overstated this: it was the worst meal I've had in Phoenix.
this was my first visit to pei wei and i enjoyed it but felt it was just ok. i had the japanese chili ramen with tofu and a veggie spring roll. the spring roll was fairly bland and greasy. the ramen was good and i've got leftovers for tomorrow. honestly, i'd rather go to yc's if i want bbq but i'll probably try it again and actually get a meat dish
If you are gluten free, BEWARE!  Do not be fooled by the gluten free menu.  There have been a number of gluten free diners who have gotten ill after eating here, and at least two (that I know of) who believe they have been served gluten after ordering gluten free.  If a restaurant is going to offer a gluten free menu, then they need to ensure that their staff is trained.  They need to show clear evidence of cross contamination procedures.  Our family used to eat here regularly and we finally gave up.  It wasn't safe for us.   We now eat at Tott's, which doesn't have a gf menu, but has been very accommodating.
OK. First off, let me just say that I love Pei Wei. It is a great concept, and it's a great chain. In general, you can get good quality, fresh, tasty food at Pei Wei.

Now. About this PARTICULAR Pei Wei. They closed down for a while because Sheriff Joe decided that there were too many illegals working here.I came one day for lunch and BAM! Gone. It took them more than a month to get open again, which I suppose means finding non-illegals who can use a wok and a cash register.

I say: bring back the illegals.

At the new, All-American Pei Wei, the girl running the register seemed non-plussed to be receiving cash. She stared at it for quite a while, and then commenced to guess how much money she should give us in return. She got it right on the third try. Yay, Arizona schools!

As for the meal. Apparently, legal Amurricans don't get kung pao, because mine was like a salt lick. Now, I loves me some salt, but seriously. Two deer came by my table and started licking my plate.

I was like: get, deer! Get!. 

It's sad, because this is the closest Pei Wei to where we live, and I like close. But the one down in Chandler near Priest and the I-10 is about a million times better at this point. Also, they have a computerized soda machine, which sweetens the deal. Did you know they have like eight varieties of Fanta? Me neither.
Pei Wei = PF Changs - $10. Basically, if you like Changs, you will like Pei Wei. I am personally a huge fan and have never been disappointed over my many visits. Highly recommended.
I really like pei wei, even if they do have teeny-boppers manning the registers that overuse "like" and "um, ok".  I usually get the edamame and salad rolls, this is branching out for me.  my old favorite was the pad thai, no tofu, extra beef, extra spicy; with a side of crab puffs.  i am also a HUGE fan of their hot mustard.

service is usually expedient. it's not a big restaurant and can get a bit crowded.
Dan Dan Noodles. I can't get past that on the menu. It's a must have. 

Chile seared soy sauce, minced chicken, scallions, garlic, bean sprouts, cucumbers, egg noodles...good. 

Great take out or dine in. I know it's a chain, but a good restaurant feel. 

Self serve fortune cookies....how many have you taken?
Sometimes food is consistently excellent.  Sometimes a chain can keep food exciting and fresh.  Pei Wei does just that.  On a recent trip, I ordered their sweet potato fries and they were the best fast food sweet potato fries to date and came with a tangy dipping sauce.   

The ambiance at each location I have visited is relaxed and upscale, with dark tones and furnishings.  But it's the food that I come back for.  Their large, inexpensive portions will make you a fan.  The lettuce wraps are on par with those of PF Chang's and their spring rolls and crab wantons are slightly above average.  It's their entrees and salads that are standouts.  Their Pad Thai Chicken or Shrimp meals are flavorful and just as tasty reheated because you'll probably take half of it home.  If you're a lettuce head, the Spicy Chicken Salad is fantastic (it's my second favorite salad next to the Ruby Trout Salad at Z Tejas) and you can kick up the heat meter by adding the chili sauce and hot mustard.  I live by another excellent Asian Diner, Tott's, but I find it hard to decide which of these 2 great places to eat at when I want great food fast.

**Tip**

Sign up for their email club and become a fan on Facebook.  They send out discount coupons periodically.
Good and consistent for a chain. Never can go wrong with the food.
I have come in here several times. Every time i like it. The portions are huge and this last time i was here my girlfriend taught me how to use chopstcks. Now i am really good. I am a fast learner!! Hehe                   Anyway, many good meals ,all freshly prepared. Nice and clean, and the bathrooms. Very relaxed in here, but really good quaility food. Tons of parking in the lot..Always very quick service as well.
Came here again last night for an order to go. We called on the phone but, you can also do your order on line. Our order was ready as promised when were arrived. They are open till 9:30 even on a Sunday which is great!    Salads were great, the Crab Wontons are the best i have ever had anywhere. We will be back.
I have been here a few times and i really like it!  The place is very clean, including the bathrooms.  Many different choices and always very good. They really do have the beast crab won tons i have ever had.                     A lot of places just put fillers and a lot of won ton. But these are full of crab and very good.  Really good hot tea as well. Very inexpensive place to go. Lots of parking in the lot.
I am a regular at Pei Wei, and I get the same thing every time. I don't care for chicken, so I get a side of the lo mein noodles with lo mein sauce without chicken. It costs a whopping $1.95 and totally fills me up! I also love their edamame and crab wontons. Sooo yummy! First you order your food at the front, and then choose a seat and your food comes out in no time. I love that even though this isn't your standard sit down restaurant with a waiter, it is still classy and the staff takes care of you well. Don't forget to leave a couple bucks behind, especially if you made a mess, since their staff comes and cleans your table. Great food for a great price. I am thinking I want some Pei Wei for dinner tonight.
I had resisted going here many times, but eventually made it the other day & was surprised at how good it was! the combo deals are the best, cheap and way too filling even if u r on empty stomaxh( not sure if it's gotta do anything with the stuff they put in the food, but it's sumptuous,) so an entire plate/entree might b too much! I had spicy pei Wei & it was fab! But try not gettin the tofu here though, it's thin slices & kinda weird, not my style! Havta try chicken & other flavors next time! Fried rice is pretty good
Great fresh made to order food. Nothing prepared in advance.  Dow side is it is somewhat corporate sterile environment and a little over priced for chinese food eith smallish portions. But it is good.
Three words: Thai Chicken Dynamite!!!!
Two more words: extra limes.
One last word: divine!

I could probably eat here three times a week and still not feel like I'm getting enough. I used to love going to P.F. Changs, but Pei Wei is so much more convenient and affordable. I don't care that it's not "authentic" (I've had enough "authentic" food in my life to know that it's not my favorite) I love it. Be sure to grab a dozen fortune cookies for the road.
First of all I would like to say Pei-Wei is a good chain if you compare to the quality of other places of it's kind.

I walked in for lunch, and was surprised that they had brown rice. So I thought I could get a healthy meal, but I was wrong...

I talked to the worker at the front for 5 min, and asked her if there is a healthy (no oily/greasy) style way of making the dish. Unfortunately, we established that there was no way to do this.  Why have the brown rice option if you can't order the dish itself in a healthy way?   

I ordered the Pei Wei style chicken, and I waited for the food to come. 15 min later I finally got it. Keep in mind there was no one behind in line, and one person ordering from the "take out" line. I watched  the whole process go down. The main chef put my plate down on the counter in the kitchen, and the "salad chef" was supposed to garnish it with a simple rosemary/parsley addition. That hand off took an extra 7 minutes.... It seemed to me that there was arguing,  and disorderly production behind the counter.

My other complaint would be that the dinner portion which not that large is kinda of pricey.  The plate looks huge when it comes out of the kitchen, but  the Plate comes with 75% rice, and 25% meat so don't be fooled.   Why would you want to eat that kind of protein/carb ratio?  

I cannot order the lunch plate because it would not come with enough meat.
Pei Wei No Way

The price is cheaper than P.F Chang for sure.
But the amount is so small, just enough for my Yorkie.
The meat is dry; no sauce. Hot & Sour soup is more like Hot & Salty soup. 

Because I've never been to other Pei Wei,
this 2 stars rating is only for Guadapupe location Diner Select dishes.
the price range for their Dinner Select is $6.25 to $7,
 you can get same price & better taste even at many other Chinese Buffet,
like Hunan 8 in Mesa (Gilber/60),lunch & dinner same price exclude Sunday,
 or Yummy Buffet in Chandler for lunch (Alma/Walner).
or Lin's buffet, $8 lunch, you can get salmon; deep fry shrimp.

I do agree it is cleaner & not as noisy as most of Asian restaurant.
Spicey Pei Wei
By The Rue

I had Pei Wei for lunch today,
It wasn't the best dish,
Next time I think I'll say,
I prefer somewhere with fish.

I got the spicey chicken Pei Wei plate,
With brown rice, not white,
After ordering it wasn't a long wait,
I drank Mello Yellow not Sprite.

The menu said this dish was spicey,
But I had to disagree,
I added hot mustard to entice me,
Oh such a calamity. 

Bok chow (The End)
I only gave thus pei Wei 3 stars because the food was good and they have the cool soda fountains.  The customer service was atrocious. The girl who took our order up front barely made eye contact and was eager to end our transaction...even though no one was behind us. 

Then the girl who ran our food out asked if we order 6 pot stickers. We did. She placed our plate down, and there were FIVE! She just asked if we ordered 6. When she passed back through we told her we only got five and she brought the other one out. I mean it's not a huge deal. People get busy. Accidents happen. I was just annoyed that she seemed like she couldn't be bothered to get our missing item. 

Ughhh. This place. Worst customer service I wish TOTT's would have prevailed in this plaza and not a corporate monster.
The food seems to have improved to me lately.  Had the Japanese Teriyaki noodles with veggies and tofu.  Couldn't finish it all and it was yummy.

Thrilled that they have a gluten free menu.

The kids menu is inexpensive and good portions.  Next time my two youngest will share.

My kids were in love with the soda dispenser.  

Top all that off with free wi-fi from paradise bakery next door and 

We'll be back!
Always good.  Dan Dan noodles a spicy favorite.
The best fast-food style pan-asian cuisine in town. But the quality is really fresh. Everything is fried/cooked made to order so you do have to wait but dishes are piping hot!!

You order at the front and they give you a number that you take to your table. Most dishes for lunch average around $8.00

My favorite dish is the Mongolian dish (options of beef, chicken, shrimp or tofu). 

They have a new soda pop machine that is really HIGH-tech! The orange-citrus tea isn't so great. But they have fortune cookies in the middle of the condiments corner that aren't stale!!
I love the spicy Korean here ! I am a regular here...
I ordered spicy Korean with veg's & tofu today. Pretty good although I didn't catch the "signature dish " as it say. I found few slices of mushrooms. I think this sauce is match with the mushrooms. 
The service is fast!!
The baby of P. F. Changs, Pei Wei offers pan Asian fast food.   The dishes offer more vegetables than the neighborhood Chinese joints.  You can make it as spicy as you want with the pan Asian condiments of spicy mustard and spicy red sauce.  Our location now includes the multi-flavor soda machine where you can not only get coke, but also cherry coke, coke vanilla, and cherry vanilla coke.  It's fast.  It's not particularly healthy.  It's Asian.  It's kid friendly.  It's East of Usual and located in Tempe on East Guadalupe Road.  It was open between 3 PM and 5 PM when nothing else was.  It is what it is.
The hot and sour soup was just plain awful.  The soup was cold, and the base tasted like burnt mushrooms.  The dan dan noodles are without a doubt one of the worst things I've ever eaten -- mushy noodles with a sauce sweet enough for pancakes.  Never again.  This place sucks!
Pei Wei is Pei Wei. You love it or you don't. I think their food is pretty decent and they appeal to the masses, even people who are not fans of Asian food seem happy here. Its just good reasonably priced takeout. The Ahwatukee location is actually closer to home but this one is more on my way home so I am happy I finally tried to give it a try. They were super quick with my order, got everything right and very friendly.
I know I have reviewed this location before. However, I do really like it. So here is another one. It seems that they have fully redone all their Staff. OK that is why they were closed for awhile. 
Anyway, we got a great coupon for and entree. So I called in the order for pick up. When I got there I added on the Crab Puffs. We have always really liked them here, they sure seem like they have real crab in them. So there you go.
This time around we ordered Kung Pao chicken which was very good, with lovely crisp snow peas. As well as Sweet and Sour Chicken several sauses on the side.
It was hot and fresh. Very good as always.
We were extra Greatful for the coupon as well.
Everything is still nice and clean inside. But, I took it to go.
I only came here because my coworkers wanted to come. The food is flavorless, yet spicy. And although I love spicy foods, I hate that they use it to attempt to hide the fact that the food is so bland.
Always good, always fresh. great food at great prices. what else can I say
I love Pei Wei.  I normally order to take out.  The servings are generous.  I always get two meals out of a serving.  I like that they have brown rice as an option.  The lettuce wraps are fabulous and I'm a fan of the chicken pad thai.

The down side is this particular Pei Wei seems very inconsistent in their product.  Sometimes the sauce if excessive and it is a soupy mess.  Sometimes so little sauce that the meal is dry.  The dishes are sometimes too salty, or too smoky tasting.  Don't you use a recipe?
Apparently for some the soda machine makes this place.

What can I say, somedays our experience here is better than other days.
The dishes always come out quick and they are always prepared well. Dishes can easily be adjusted to your liking as well. Never like hunting for tables during busy lunch times, but that happens at just about any good lunch spot, so no real complaint. Having a super Coke machines is nice addition as well. How else can you get a diet cherry Fanta?
The best part about Pei Wei is knowing that everything is absolutely fresh. Veggies are crisp and light, meat is juicy and cooked to order, and rice is cooked well in industrial rice cookers throughout the day and night. All flavors are elevated due to freshness. Doesn't get much better! 
I will agree with the bit about inconsistency; I do think this has to do with nothing being pre-cooked, and find the inconsistency to fall on deaf ears since the cuisine is so well though out.
Good food, fair prices and fast service. What more could you ask for? If, you never tried  Pei Wei yet,your missing out, four shore. You gotta go, try them hurry. Better then rip off- Pf chang's. There o.k, But at Pei Wei same stuff, but better and reasonably priced. And you don't have to tip a waiter,because there isn't one.....
Went for lunch today. 

I ordered the Asian chopped chicken salad. First time ordering a salad at Pei Wei.  I was impressed by the size of the salad as well as the nice amount of chicken in it. The greens were fresh and crisp. I loved the crispy wontons on top!  The only thing that I didn't like was the saltiness of the dressing and the fact that the salad was literally swimming in a pool of dressing in the bottom of the bowl. 

Next time I order, I'll be sure to ask for less dressing or see if I can dress it myself. 

Clean restaurant. Friendly and efficient ordering process. 

Second time I've been there in less than a week.  Nom nom!
I go to this cookie cutter pseudo Chinese/Asian place purely because of the convenience. I sometimes just don't have the time and need something quickly, so I generally like the online order ability.  But come on, placing an order at 7 pm, showing up and paying for it, and not having it ready until 7:45?  I mean WTF is that?
Been there several times,always for take out.  It's ok, but have had better at other places including other Pei Wei's.  The last straw was when they didn't put lettuce in our take out order for the wraps. Not driving back 4 miles for friggin lettuce. I called and the young lady was very apologetic, and offered to send me a coupon if I would give my address, which I did.  Several weeks later, no coupon. Oh well I'm only one customer they've lost.
I would like to give a 0 star;(  third time I have gotten home and my order is wrong.  As I waited for my order I observed another customer complaining  about a messed up order. My food was wrong my husband's was right but tasted like kerosine or like a burning chemical taste??? So over it now!!
After driving around for awhile to find a place to eat without a wait, I ended up at pei Wei with James C.  I discovered that they revamped the menu entirely. Now you pick a protein and a sauce. No more combos :(

I decided to have chicken with spicy Korean sauce and brown rice. We also shared an order of lettuce wraps. Lettuce wraps were as expected. My dish came out and it didn't look like what I expected, but I was hopeful and waited until James got his to dig in. I took a bite of the chicken and whatever flavoring was nonexistent. It was not spicy and really had no taste. I added some soy sauce to the brown rice and for brown rice, it didn't taste good either. I ended up taking just a few bites and leaving the rest. I will reluctantly give them a second chance since I did try something new, but I really wouldn't recommend what I got to anyone.
I had a disastrous experience here after placing a to-go order online. They didn't have my order ready when I got there and then lost track of it for ~20 minutes. They then tried to give me food that ha been sitting, ready to go, for 15+ minutes. When I refused, they looked at the times and decided to remake the order. The whole process took me 30 minutes to pick up a to-go order that should have taken less than 5 min.
The only reason I give them 3 stars as opposed to 1 or 2 is because the manager came by and apologized and the staff was very apologetic as well.
Been here many times before but its been awhile. Decided to go tonight and literally expected G. Ramsey to walk out at any moment and shut the place down. Seriously, it was complete chaos. They changed the menu. The guy taking the order kept walking off to check things. There was no ice or clean silver wear. The appetizer came out and was only warm and wasn't as good as usual. You could hear and see customers complaining and getting refunds all over the place. The staff all seemed confused. My entree finally came out, also not hot, but my girlfriends didn't show up for another 10 minutes.  All during this they kept going to the wrong tables with food and looking confused.  It was crazy, finally gave up, got a refund from the manager and went next door for dinner.  I won't be returning here again.
Pei Wei is normally delicious. But for some reason this location messes up our order EVERY TIME. They even messed up our replacement order. The manager (if you can get through to him) is great and takes care of us, but having to call and talk to the manager every time you done out is annoying. Just get it right!
Another mediocre service experience. We eat here a lot and the service during our last several visits has not been so great. My husband orders the Asian slaw and he always has to ask our server to get it when our food comes. Food always comes many minutes apart so one of us has to wait so we can eat together.
Today was my friend's birthday and we ordered lettuce wraps and 2 entrees. Entrees came first (with the wrong rice on one) and lettuce wraps after the entrees. When I mentioned we might have liked our appetizers first, I got a who- cares look from the server. Might not be going back to this location after this.
Very disappointed...Ordered a large bowl of hot & sour soup and teriyaki chicken. Was told the wait would be 10 minutes, but waited 15, which I was ok with. The food was a different story.The soup was like thick JELLO. The flavor was good, but seriously, it shouldn't jiggle like that. Grossed me out after a couple bites and ended getting thrown out. And the teriyaki chicken was good, but served over inedible rice. It wasn't fully cooked and the oil they fry it in had an awful after taste.
I have to say I am IMPRESSED with Pei Wei's bosses! I always order the same thing mostly which always includes lettuce wraps and believe it or not THREE TIMES they forgot the lettuce!! I called immediately 2 times and they offered my money back or send me a gift card but I didn't take it...just wanted them to know. Last week ONCE AGAIN NO LETTUCE!! (my son picked up my order). This time they also had scallions in my chicken. Since I order online with favorite I KNOW it is ordered right. I took the time and wrote Pei Wei Corporate and they actually sent me 2 coupons for free wraps and a ten dollar gift card!!!! I was SHOCKED!! I didn't ask for anything except to please change way take out is put together and lettuce IS IMPORTANT for wraps! :) .... mostly so maybe it wouldn't happen again to me! LOL! I know if it happened 3 times to me, I had to happen to someone else as well! 
Just wanted to share that Pei Wei Inc. did take the time to listen and send me a nice personalized letter stating this is a learning opportunity for their staff which is what I really wanted! Free wraps... A BONUS! :)  I just ordered from them today and everything was PERFECT!! I will keep enjoying their food and enjoy knowing maybe someone out there got their lettuce because of me!! LOL!! :) YUMMY!!!!
Consistently good food, friendly staff and very clean. Food is usually served quickly and I like sitting at the chef's counter to watch them cook everything. Kung pau chicken and Mingolion been with fried or brown rice are great. New options are added occasionally. Good for dine in or takeout.
First time eating here because the rating on the prices were said to be different than Panda Express. They seem to be about the same price when you order your drink and additional sides. It may be a bit more. 

My interaction with the cashier was very pleasant. She was very helpful helping me decide on what to order. I was on a budget trying to decide what to get and I'm surprised she did not give me any attitude with the remarks I made about the constant changes I made trying to deal with my price range.

The service seemed to be okay. The manager seemed to be bringing everyone there meals. I had a question about the types of chili to have with my meal so I see one of the guys in the black uniforms who I noticed delivered some of the food out to the guests.

I look over at him and he notices me staring. I was hoping he would come up to me and help me out with finding some siracha because with Pei Wei being an asian restaurant I was hoping they would have some. He then turns away from me so I have to walk all the way to the counter to ask him if they had any. He answers my question very rudely and turned away.

It made me feel pretty stupid asking a question like that but then again it made me quite angry. I walked away and did nothing about it. 

Every person interacting with a guest should be willing to help them out with any questions they have. If it weren't for the helpful cashier I would have given a one star rating.

Food was actually really good as well.
I have never had problems with any other location except this one. Not only was our food cold but completely gross. We ordered it extra spicy and extra sauce. Both our meals were dry. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered mine with tofu. There were about 5 peices in there. And they put broccoli in which I asked them not to. We ordered a large side of edamame and it wasn't even half full and most of the pods were empty!! This is not a cheap place to eat at and I expected so much better. I did not take it back because my bf is sweet and didn't want to complain. Needless to say I am very disappointed and will not return to this location ever as this is the second time it has happened.
Don't get the sushi! It was beyond disguising!!! Honestly, I'd like my money back. It's basically a giant rice ball with questionable fish. Ah tuna isn't supposed to be colored this way... That and an overwhelming taste of the cheap sea weed wrapper.
Good pizza ... they deliver to downtown ... cute restaurant with TVs and the local paper for your enjoyment ... two slices and soda for something like $4.99 ... nice addition to downtown!
Cheese pizza has probably been my favorite food since I was a kid, so my pizza reviews tend to be pretty tough.  I've eaten at Z Pizza a few times, although mostly out of necessity because the pizza shop next door doesn't take debit cards!!!  

Z Pizza has a great atmosphere, the staff is always very friendly, and they deliver in a timely manner downtown.  However their pizza is not my favorite.  There is something about their sauce that I just don't like, and the pizza is always pretty greasy.  I can usually make it through one and a half slices before I have to put it down because it just isn't "scarfable" to me, which a good pizza should be.  Their salads are pretty good and they have a decent vegetarian selection across the board.  One plus is they sell Ben & Jerry's ice cream, and how can you possibly go wrong there?
I'm about to write a review for a restaurant that I've never actually set foot in. Don't report me just yet! I've had their food many times, but solely via delivery to my place of business on multiple occasions.

The pizza offerings are fairly typical, but they do it right. Salads, pastas and sandwiches are also available. I ordered a tuna sandwich from them recently and I'm sad to report it was very disappointing. The bread was stale and the tuna was dry. 

"Well that's what you get for ordering a tuna sandwich at a pizza place!" you might be saying. I wanted to see if they could pull it off. A for Effort is all I can say. I'd easily order their pizza again at the drop of a hat, though.

Someday I'd like to go in and see what Z Pizza looks like... dare to dream.
I like this place even if it's a chain. It is pricey (or at least more pricey than the other guys) but the pizza is great with topping options you can't get anywhere else (sun dried tomatoes, ricotta cheese, capers, etc).
Cool pizza, cool place. 

The best thing about this place? It's open on weekends and it's open for dinner, so for that reason it has a special place in my heart.

That being said, the pizza's not very good. The sanwiches and pastas are pretty good, but then again, myabe I'm trying to find something nice to say about this place because, did I mention? It's open late and on weekends!
How I love thee...Great for the vegetarian and vegan. A little pricey but worth the extra cash when you're used to getting crappy pizza. I rather pay extra for the good stuff. Delivery is fast and they always found my apartment, even in the alley. Way to go!
Pizza here is delicious and service is awesome. My favorite pie is the Casablanca minus the mushrooms and add sausage. Delicious!

My food was ready to go when I was told to pick it up, which is something most pizza places can't seem to get right.
I ordered delivery on two large pizzas - an "American" (f#$k yeah!) and an "Italian" - for five guys, and there were three large slices left, so there was plenty of food to go around.  Plus, there were a few "good pizza" comments, so I'd say that the Z pizzas went over pretty well.  Personally, I really liked the Italian (pesto, mozzarella, black olives, tomatoes, artichoke, and sausage substituted for ham; mmm good), but I thought the American was just average.

However, the bill was $43 + change w/out tip, and $20 + tax for each large pizza seems pretty expensive.  Still, the pizza was pretty good, and the thin crust was great, so I'm happy to give Z Pizza four stars; not the best pizza, but nowhere near the worst.
*Sigh*  I do love Z Pizza.  If you dine in, you can get two slices (usually pepperoni or cheese) and a beer for $7, or you can get a whole big pizza pie - we usually get ours delivered.  

The best one I've had is the Greek, but I am intrigued by the Moroccan and the Tuscan Mushroom.  


The staff is usually frazzled but still friendly and helpful, and it is a chain but a chain which I have no problem supporting.  They always deliver on time, and to the right place, which is something pizza places back in Minneapolis could never seem to get the hang of.  

I might have to get some Z Pizza tonight.  :)
Being from the East Coast, it's extremely difficult to find good pizza here.  I live less than a mile away from Z, and I'm grateful to have found it!
I love the toppings!  They even have a white pizza, which nobody east of Lake Erie seems to know about!
The staff is always friendly.  I like going there by myself, reading the paper or New Times, and chatting with the staff while I wait for my order.
Yes, price is higher than most, but I'm willing to pay for it!
A brave scholar once said, "There is no such thing as bad pizza. Some are better and some are worse. But pizza, ahh, pizza is amore". When I first met Z, that's what I call her. Just Z. She seemed so familiar. She smelled familiar. Looked familiar. Better yet. She tasted familiar. Whether a whole pie, in all it's tomato sauce glory, delivered to my front door. Or two tangy, cheesy (award winning Wisconsin cheese mind you...which is cool....but is the cheese awards part of the upcoming awards season? And if so, what will I wear to the red, er, um would it be yellow carpet? Not sure) tempting and tantalizing triangles that I eat in with a cold Stella Artois for a mere $7.25. Service is friendly. The cute, arty dining room cozy, airy and light. Kinda like a breezy, California dining room. California? Hey, that's it. Z Pizza. Dee lish. Inovative. Fresh. California. Laguna Beach. Bingo. I had my first Z experience, I was d-zeed shall we say, after a dance a thon at the Boom Boom Room in Laguna Beach in the late 80s. Nice to see you Z. Glad we can hang once again!
Oh summer of 2007, what would you have been without Z Pizza? I don't eat here nearly as much as I used to, but during those warm spring months there was nothing I wanted more than a late night bike ride with my bestest for a couple of slices. 

It's a little pricey for pizza, but when you order it fresh, it's worth it. The daily slice specials are awesome, but if you don't get it straight out of the oven it can be slightly disappointing. I recommend any of the specialty pizzas (my favorite is the classic American) or the calzones. 
This place just has a fun, laid back atmosphere. I love that it's downtown and just a short, smooth ride away....
I really enjoyed the Moroccan pizza, delicious flavors!  They have a fun variety to choose from and they threw in some extra pieces of pizza for my friend because we arrived close to their closing time.
Don't feel like the normal Pizza Hut or Papa John's but still want something just as good?  Order Z Pizza.  The Pizza will always be good, the only down side they have is that the price is high.
We tend to order the Napoli and add pepperoni.  My ideal pizza is more along the thinner crusted east coast variety than the thicker pan pizza approach.  Z Pizza makes it the way I like it.  The crust is great.  There have been a couple of times when the pizza seemed a little greasy, though.  

I also make pizza at home and have gotten pizza dough from Z Pizza -- this when Trader Joe's decided to stop selling dough -- and will now always buy my dough at Z Pizza.  

Ordering delivery over the internet works flawlessly.
There was a bone in my meatball after they burned my sub the first go around. When I brought this up to the manager he said " well we do not make the meatballs here, they come in pre-made". I did not receive an apology or any effort to make it right, or keep us as a customer. We will not be going there again.

It is sad as Z Pizza looks great from the outside, however the food is average at best, barring any foreign items in your meal, and the service is unorganized, and lacking any courtesy.
Looking at the last review, it must have been a "bad manager" weekend at Z Pizza. On Friday we ordered for delivery online. One hour later lukewarm pizzas arrived.  The order was wrong. Apparently they manually transfer the data from the online system into their ordering system and completely botched it.

We caught the driver before he left and he said he'd to back right away and the manager would call to tell us how they'd make it right. 

Over an hour later, no call.   We called them and spent 20 minutes on the phone. We got no apology, just an excuse, "We're so busy. We've got 30 people in line. All businesses make mistakes."

They offered to write down somewhere that we were owed a free pizza.  Seriously?! Like they'd proved their order system worked well enough for that. 

Very poor example of restaurant management and customer service.
Some things good. Some things not-so-good. Overall I'm actually a fan of Z Pizza. 

Please DO NOT go to Z Pizza if you seek authentic NY style Pizza. That would be silly. Did you really expect a big Italian guy named Vinnie to toss you up a pie at a California style healthy pizza joint? If so, get real!

Please DO go to Z Pizza if you would like "pizza style" pizza with cool ingredients like fresh artichokes or zucchini. I also love the wheat crust or soy cheese options. Plus, they deliver to my house so fuck yeah for that.

The Yuppie Veggie sandwich is SICK in a good way. It's really good! Please stay away from the tuna salad. Yukers. Somehow it was soggy.

The service has always been pretty good although food can take a little while. Good effort!
Good pizza, they are fancy.  Z Pizza received my attention after received a door hanger.  Z-Pizza his really opened my trust to direct marketing.  
Also check out their website its really clean. 

Open late, this is a rare trait in the valley my thank yous to all restaurants open late for those late night munches.
I'm not going to even compare Z Pizza to NY pizza because they are completely different. For lunch Z Pizza is a decent choice...the times I have been there service is quick and there is plenty of seating to be had. The parking lot is really small and fills up quickly, but don't let that deter you.

The first time I went for lunch I had the pasta with grilled chicken, pinenuts, and basil pesto. For the most part it was a good dish even though the pasta was a tad overcooked. It wasn't an overly large portion, but was the perfect amount for lunch.  I believe the pasta and a drink was close to $10.  I have also had the Moroccan pizza (pesto, feta cheese, pinenuts, and eggplant) which was very tasty although it could have used a bit more feta. For a slice of the Moroccan, a garden salad, and a drink, it was $8.  Some of my coworkers who I dine with also enjoy the calzone (you will have to wait about 10 minutes for it though) and the Santa Fe pizza.

I'm not really a fan of gourmet pizza, but for a lunch spot downtown it is not bad. It's not my first choice but not a place I drag my heels to go to either. The one good thing about this Z Pizza location is that they will deliver at night to the State Capitol which we had them do once this fall when we were working late.
I won't lie, I was skeptical ordering from this place.  After a long day of painting my new apartment I needed some grub, and looking for a place that delivers to my new digs downtown I came upon Z Pizza.  

I have to admit, I was not pleased by the hour+ in between order and delivery.  When the guy finally arrived, he asked me if I traditionally had a problem with delivery people not being able to find my place.  God I hope not!  I can't imagine it's that tough!  He went on to tell me that he had just made a delivery to my building earlier in the day and couldn't find the right building.  Well it says the building name in big letters on the side. . .Figure it out, especially if you get lots of orders!

On to the pizza.  At $13 for a medium cheese and $17 for a medium "Napoli", this is definitely on the pricier side.  And is it me, or is the "Italian Pizza" just a bit redundant?  I was under the impression that pizza itself was Italian.  Anyway, the pizzas were actually really good.  i liked the fresh basil on the cheese pizza, and the roasted garlic sauce on the Napoli was fantastic.  I'm sure I'll be trying their other pizzas in due time.
I don't get it. I only go there because it's a short walk from my house and fast (and Pino's is closed for weekends). I've heard people rave about this place. It's about as good as papa johns. Pino's al Centro is almost next door. Go there.
Was introduced to this place at a street fair and it is pretty good NY pizza. I figured if it could be that good at a fair the restaurant must be wonderful! BAD mistake since I am now addicted to this place.  I love their chicken and Yam Rustica pizza, for a change in pace.  Good place for the foodie in me, bad for the waistline. They have just opened a "Pinkspot" ice cream in the same store and the Tahitiian Coconut milk sorbet is outstanding! If coconut is not your thing they have A Kuaui Pie ice cream that is good too.I Don't understand the bad reviews.I am from Ny and pretty Picky about pizza and this place is pretty good for Phx standards. ( not Ny but who is in Phoenix?) Not everyone likes Good Ny pizza so that could be why some people did not like it. Also the rude service comments, really surprised me. I go here a lot and I am treated like family on every single occassion. I have never had bad service or bad pizza here, not once!  WOW! I wonder if the bad reviews are written by people who have vested interests in other pizza places? Sorry for their bad experience but if you Do like Ny pizza( not everyone does I agree)  you should  try it out. ( Probably not the Rustica, since that is not very Ny but get their slice special, which is a good deal. They have a 2 slice special and a 1 slice with a salad both with drinks and under 6 bucks!!!!!!!_ the only bad thing about the specials you have to have what they already have premade. Sometimes I like a choice but to have their pizza is a good trade off. Happy eating.
There are so many things on this menu that I love - the pizza is delicious, the salads are fantastic... and now they have beer!!!   I remember when they had room for two tables when they first opened, and now - wow - after the expansion, it's just a great relaxed place to hang out.    Wall-to-wall people over the lunch hour, no surprise!   YUM.
Bland pizza.  Not particularly horrible nor particularly good.  Staff that cared more about what's playing on the tv screen than keeping the tables clean.  But a nice space otherwise.
i hate going to places that i can goto near home, in Phx for the Cubs games.. but my daughter wanted pizza and we saw Z and had to go becuz we know how good it is. I like this one alot better then ours.
i love z- pizza! its so nice having a pizza place that makes vegan pizza for us lactose intolerants! the berkely, or vegan, was so good. a little bland because its made from soy cheese, but if youre taste buds feel theres really something lacking, its nothing a little pepper cant fix. i moved to sf a year ago and before i moved i went here and had their pesto-penne dish as well, and that was amazing.

speaking of san francisco, what's with the lack of vegan pizza options there?! im glad i moved back to phoenix and had the pleasure of eating z pizza AND pita jungle in my first 2 days.
I'm not sure why I held back on the 5th star before.  We've had consistently good service and the pizza is always delicious.
I cant attest for the pizza but the salads here are pretty decent. I had the ZBQ Salad which was super fresh and tasty! The Mr had one of there new rustic pizza's which he said was pretty good. I swear, he needs to start Yelping as well! Anyhoo.. very good for a quick lunch.. PLUS, they totally carry Sweat Leaf Tea.. good stuff!!
I tried their pizza a few years ago, and thought it was okay.  I like the concept of using some natural and organic ingredients, but the flavor when it's all pulled together leaves me wanting something a little better.  It makes me think: "This is what pizza in California probably tastes like."

I agreed to get some pizza from here recently for two reasons. 1) They now deliver to my neck of the woods. 2) They offer a gluten-free crust for my pizza-deprived husband who recently discovered his sensitivity.

I ordered a regular sausage and mushroom for me and a gluten-free cheese and pepperoni for him. I got a mushroom and onion.  I could have called and complained, I know, I know, but I didn't.  I just picked off the onions.  Not what I was expecting, but I put the lingering thoughts of yummy sausage in the back of my head and moved forward trying to enjoy my mushroom pizza with the flavor of carmelized onions. It was okay, but the next time we order I will make sure that the guy heard me correctly.

The husband thought his was FABULOUS. But he hasn't had pizza in over 3 months.  It's kind of like when he stopped drinking beer because of the wheat, then realized that Budweiser is made without wheat, and now he likes Bud.  Or when vegan's say a desert is good. 

I'll probably order from here again, if only to please the hubby.
The husband was so excited about the gluten-free pizza we had last week, that he asked me daily ever since to get another one.  I finaly relented.

So we called and ordered the exact same pizzas: one large SAUSAGE and mushroom and one large gluten-free pepperoni.  The girl on the phone informed us that gluten-free only comes medium. What?!?!?  Then she tells us that the order totals $4 dollars more than last week. ???

Then we start wondering, who was wrong? Was it the guy last week who allegedly gave us a large gluten-free that my husband loved and somehow didn't get sick from, and a onion and mushroom instead of a sausage and mushroom?  Or, the chick who seemed to be on the ball this week?

The order came rather quickly, which was nice.  My pizza was correct this time, and it was just as mediocre as the one last week but with the right ingredients.  The husband's pizza was indeed a medium and it only took one bite for him to realize that the pizza last week was NOT gluten-free.  This pizza had the crust that he anticipated last week, not good.  Not good to the point that he stopped eating the whole slice, pulled off the cheese and pepperoni and fed the crust to the dogs.

We are extremely pleased and incredibly surprised that the gluten-full pizza did not make him sick.  But, the pizza is dissappointing and not worth the $20 for a large pie.  At least now he has realized this, and we will not order from them again.
Ok, I just had lunch there. The place is clean and the staff is friendly, but most of all, I am paying for my food, right? 

Maybe I've been spoiled by the Pear Gorganzola salad at the one on Tatum, but I wasn't pleased with my pizza/salad combo today at this one. 

The garden salad was actually a lettuce salad with two tomatoes. It was weak. The pizza wasn't as organic tasting as I had hoped for. I was hoping for that fresh taste, but I got a Dominos taste. Disappointed. Maybe I should just stick to the Pear Gorganzola salad. Infact, I am craving that now!
I know there are tons of other great pizza joints in town, but the Z is ranks very high on my list. 

For starters, I used to work in the Qwest building less than a block away so I have a plethora of experiences with this location...and all good things to say about this particular loc. 

They're always on time for one. I'd call in my order before lunch on a personalized pizza and it was always waiting downstairs in the lobby no more than 25 min later. They always got my order correct, although sometimes I'd get kinda topping crazy. I'd add like 8 toppings and they always get it right.

Zero complaints with prompt service here. I tried a few other locs around town and it's whole different ball game. So take this from me that this is the solidified location.
The hubby and I finally made it out to Z Pizza over the weekend. 

I ordered the Moroccan and my husband had the Greek pizza. Both pizzas were very tasty. The carmelized onions and pine nuts on the Moroccan were simply yummy!

I think the prices are a little high, but the pizza is pretty good. 

There weren't many customers in that night which made for a nice and quiet dinner. The feel of the place seemed pretty laid back to me and I felt comfortable. 
The serivce was fast and friendly. 

They have a small, but great drink selection, offering Sweet Leaf Teas, Blue Moon, Stella Artois and of course fountain drinks.

I will definitley be back to try their other pizzas out.
Never had a bad slice from z.
I'm not really sure why people don't like this place but I love it.  I am so happy they put one downtown finally.  

Their sauce is a very sweet marinara.  If you don't like sweet, I can understand why you wouldn't like the pizza.  You can get about 4 different kinds of mushrooms on your pizza as well.  The topper is that you can get ricotta cheese on any pizza or calzone.  I personally always get a calzone with ricotta, mozzarella, black olives, portabella mushrooms, and italian sausage.  It is the most wonderful calzone ever.  The wife usually gets a pasta or a peperoni pizza.  She loves both.

The Thomas location also has an ice cream shop attached to it which is nice.  Usually the staff is knowledgeable and the cooks are consistent.  The Thomas location is also usually full of doctors or nurses which always makes for interesting conversation.
It's interesting that people love or hate this place...

I don't like that it's a chain - not necessarily cause i hate chain restaurants or anything but moreso because it's deceiving, seems so local and independent (I can get over that tho).

I've only had salad and cheese bread here - but it's been good both times. In theory, I like that everything is organic but really I'm not that much of an organic snob so I could be over that soon too. 

All in all, I'd say this place is good - not necessarily great. But I hasten readers that I've never had a legitimate slice of pizza from here. So maybe I just need to give that a try. 

Their tea is good!
Trend sucking expensive pizza, come on now 22 bucks for a medium 3 topping pizza.  I especially liked the counter dweeb taking 10 minutes to scan the two twenties I gave him.  Must have had a rash of middle aged men passing fake 20's.  I pass.
I've been here 3 times now, and each time, I fall in love with this place a little more.  Today I had a slice of the bbq chicken pizza for the first time.  Wow.  I've had bbq chicken pizza one other time, many moons ago, and the taste almost sent me to the bathroom.  But this?  This right here?  Oh my.  Sweet and savory and spicy all at once.  And of course I love their crust with the bit of garlic at the end.  It really made my day.  
I also had the Napoli for the second time.  I think this might be my favorite...wait no, the Casablanca is my favorite...no, the bbq chicken...DOH!
Seriously, I've never had this type of pizza, meaning thin crust gourmet.  I'm used to the big, pan crust pizza pies.  This is a treat, though it will not replace my love for pies.  It will be a new love affair.
Last thing, I'm continually impressed with the freshness of their ingredients.  I've never had tomatos so sweet or mushrooms that I would eat by themselves.  Awesome stuff.
Best pizza I've ever had! Really, they make the best tasting pizza in the world, the staff are great, and they have an ice cream store built into the same shop, so you can walk through and get ice cream desert for afters.
After putting out a twitter alert for a pizza place along the Lightrail, my fellow tweeters urged me to check out Z Pizza.  Even before my tweet, when I was at the Mayor's coffee event at the Heard Museum (yesterday), we received the Phoenix Passport Book.   My friend, Seth, told me that there was a coupon in the book and we should try it out.  There's no doubt that Z Pizza had to be a place I needed to try this weekend.

Instead of taking the Lightrail, we decided to drive.  (FYI, the closest Lightrail stop is Thomas and Central and it's only a short walk away.) We liked the friendly service and the comfortable atmosphere.  We ordered the Hawaiian Pizza and it was yummy.  We ordered the large because with the coupon, you get $5 off of a $20+ order.  The large pizza was $20.56.  We ate a few slices and took the rest home.  

We sat and ate on their comfortable couch. Afterwards, the setting was so comfortable, we stayed and read our books.  I wanted to try the desserts at The Pink Spot, but I was too full.  All in all, Z Pizza had a nice atmosphere and good food.
I was at work, trapped behind the bar, and we were all out of snack chips...Staaarvving!  I really didn't want to order close to $20 worth of food to get delivered, but as I perused our folder full of menus that had delivery service, I started to salivate when I started reading the Z Pizza menu. It's a very colorful, attractive menu, and had a bright yellow sticker that said "free delivery" (as opposed to Mamma Mia, whom I love, but $2 delivery and $10 minimum, well, anyway, I'm digressing).  What to get, what to get, it sucks when you're just that hungry and all these pretty combinations of toppings jump out at you saying, 'pick me,' Little tomatoes with white gloves were high kicking like Rockettes with their arms linked with Mr. Mozzarella and his top hat and monocle. Wait, that was Mr. Peanut, anyway...So I decided on the Provence, which was described as having artichokes, tomatoes, capers and garlic sauce, in addition to the mozzarella and regular tomato sauce. I love me some capers.  It seemed a queer combination, but I love all these ingredients and was eager to have a little adventure. I called in my order, and the girl on the phone recognized me from the bar, and we chatted about the pizza, decided I should have a little truffle oil thrown on there as well. What arrived, still hot, and perfectly baked, was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had delivered in a while. The crust was so crunchy and the truffle oil had soaked into it, so it was like its own separate hors d'ouevre after I made my way to what I would normally call the pizza butt.  The toppings were tasty, fresh, and the combination was truly a treat. I don't know about the garlic sauce, it was a bit too much, but maybe in a lesser quantity the flavor would have melded and not been so obtrusive. I was a happy Kitty, and the next day, it reheated like a champ for a little lunch revisited. Good stuff, that Z Pizza. Oh, and my favorite was the little Kitty face drawn on the side of the box next to my phone number.  Nice touch.
Phoenix has some of the best pizza in the world (oddly enough), and this chain simply doesn't hold up to the competition. In fact, a few steps down the street is another pizza joint which easily blows Z away. 

I first had Z Pizza in Long Beach and I thought it was pretty good. That was in Long Beach. It just doesn't cut it against the many unique pizza bistros that litter the valley. 

The pepperonis were a little flavorless. The sausage was decent, but nothing special. The crust was fine. The cheese and sauce were also nothing special. It's nice that there's a connected ice cream shop if you want to eat a bunch of cheese and bread and grease and then chase it with a bowl if sugar and cream. 

To be honest - while I was eating it, I couldn't help but think that it was extremely overpriced. Right down the street was a better pizza place using better ingredients and costing less. I actually felt like I would rather be eating Peter Piper Pizza if that says anything.

The place was pretty clean even though it was busy. The staff was nice and friendly as well. It's not bad pizza at all - it's just nothing special.
You rawk my chain Z. Can I call you Z? Like when I'm hanging with Oprah and I call her O. She gets a kick out of that. Listen. You goofed up a little a few weeks ago and omitted the sausage on my pizza. I was cranky and rattled off an email to corporate. Just cuz it wasn't the first time. And, well, it was my time of the month. I'm in the biz so I wrote a constructive, non-cursing email. Not only did I hear back from the owner...turns out we hang in the same circle. So, last night I took advantage of a discount, ordered my za, spoke with a very cool, helpful manager and got the pizza of my dreams delivered. Along with some sweets from Pink Spot...see review below...pizza and ice cream sandwiches...DELIVERED...in Phoenix...merits and update, a shout out and when I win my Academy Award, I will mention you. Z. Later.
I am not a fan of thick doughy pizza and bland sauce. I almost always order the casablanca for me, sausage for my kid and hubby likes the pesto pasta. The salads are great, and large portioned.
It is pricey but I am willing to pay extra for what I think is good food.

Not 5 stars because lately when I order for delivery they have made quite a few mistakes.

Oh I almost forgot! They now have wings, and let me tell you, they are to die for! I ordered two different kinds of sauces and both orders just came with Ranch (doh!) but even without the sauces these were the best wings I have had in a really long time. I am personally not a fan of wings because they are usually overcooked or have a strange fatty consistency and these were just awesome. I would love to try them with some the offered sauces so hopefully next time I get what I order.
Z Pizza is simply my favorite pizza place. Since I first ate here, the urban atmosphere, great food, and fantastic staff have kept me coming back for more. I can't really enjoy any other pizza. Although it's a tad more expensive than most chain pizza restaurants, the employees here are all very passionate about their product, and it shows.
It was around 6pm on my third day in Phoenix when I was (finally) able to hang out and catch up with two dearly-missed SBC alums, Lynn W and Claire! Originally, we'd set out for the dessert place next door, but I had just returned from a 10-hour day trip out to Grand Canyon and back so a slice of pizza sounded perfect...

The joint looks very collegiate and indie, full of simple designs, bright colors, and decisive lack of branding, although further inspection reveals it to be a widespread, though not yet prominent franchise.

For just shy of $20, I ordered three slices and drinks for our impromptu dinner, myself gravitating towards the simple pesto slice, as usual.

For the price per slice, it seems a tad on the expensive side, but the slice, its flavor and ingredients, is decent. The better option or deal is probably to get one of the heartier sounding whole pizzas [online menu: http://weborder3.microworks.com/zpizza/Item.aspx?menuid=2477]  

Nonetheless, it hit the spot and service was very friendly.

There's a cool symbiosis of Z Pizza being immediately attached and sharing a space with Pink Spot next door.
___________________________________________
Savory and sweet in a single space! Gluttony abounds!
I wasn't going to review this because so many people have already and most everyone says the same thing... awesome pizza. 

I miss working so close to here. The lunch rush is a rush but you get in, you get out. And everyday is different, I can try all their different types of pizza. Personal faves: Sante Fe and Napoli pizza and the chicken pesto pasta. 

While the pizza speaks for itself, I do have to give zPizza props for having the best specials.

Cheap daily specials, slice of pizza and a drink (or beer) for about $6, buy one get one for $5 on Tuesdays and of course, the frequent eater reward. 

I like a place that offers great food and even more reason to come back.
What I am about to say is going to be both hard to believe and incredibly shocking, but true. Completely, utterly, and brutally honest. Ready?

I would rather Z Pizza than any other thing on this planet. More than food, fame, wealth, love, sex, beauty... need I go on?

I have heard some less-than-stellar things about Z Pizza, so I have been giving my business (not THE business) to Pizza Heaven, but one fateful night I took an elevator ride with a Z Pizza delivery man who explained that they have both gluten free crust AND vegan cheese. It was awkward being that I had a Pizza Heaven equivalent literally right in my hand, but the delivery dude handled it with poise and handed me a magnetic business card.

Well, today it is rainy and I'm drunk and I was hungry and I didn't want to drive, so I gave Z Pizza a chance and I am so happy I did because my life changed today. 

Let me repeat that: MY LIFE CHANGED TODAY

This pizza, despite it being abnormal in every way possible, was the most delicious culinary specimen I have put in my mouth in MONTHS. Get the Mexican (sans chicken and sour cream, of course)... you owe it to yourself. You really, seriously do.

I love this pizza so much that in future trysts, I will fantasize about this pizza instead of my lover. I really will.

I hate this review because I cannot even articulate the words to do this pizza justice. I'm not worthy, I'm not worthy!

Oh, and PS... when I ordered they told me 45-60 minutes and it was here within 30. That's better than finding a rich guy that dresses well, doesn't have mommy issues, and is straight up hung. 

Did I just say that?
Z Pizza is one of my favorites in the Valley.  You get two fresh gourmet slices and a drink for $6 something.  They are always friendly as well.  Definitely try Z Pizza if you haven't yet.
Exotic combinations of pizza.  From to A to Z, Z pizza is Z best!!  Must try the thai pizza and the Napoli one.  I love that the pizzas are all from organic ingredients, making the flavors much more intense.
deliciouso....great crispy, slightly burnt edges. they weren't frugal with the toppings and were more than willing to add or take away any sauce or topping as we wanted. very friendly staff and quick. cool artwork on the walls, and extremely reasonable for the middle class foodie. 

several valley locations so check one out in a neighborhood near you. then head next door for a tasty ice cream treat.
Mmmm......piiiiizzaaaa.....

I got the Groupon and tried this place out for the gluten free pizza crust option. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but pretty darn close! I ordered the Italian, which has a hefty portion of artichoke hearts and black olives and I would have devoured the entire thing on my own had it not been for that pesky husband of mine.

The gluten free crust is an extra $3.00...be forewarned if your hardcore about keeping gluten free though. They aren't very careful it seems about cross contamination and I'm not positive, but think they might have used the same cutter on the regular pizza's as mine and there was flour everywhere. Kind of defeats the purpose of eating a gluten free pizza IMO, but I'm willing to take that kind of risk. I like to live on the edge.
Well I wasn't blown over but I wasn't disappointed. The pizza is excellent, try the santa fe pizza but ask for extra corn, the staff isn't overly friendly or rude...indifferent maybe what they are or maybe I caught them on a bad night. The decor seems lacking but if you are going to pick up your pie or get it delivered this place may rank at 4 stars. Its a pizza place with a unique twist. Try it out. I'd go again it may not be my first choice but I'd go back.
I have to say I was not impressed with my pizza from Z's yesterday. I stopped in to grab two slices to go and I could not eat very much. I have had their pizza vefore at their Metro Center location and liked it but yesterday it was salty and greasy and just plain yucky. $6.00 seemed a bit pricey for two slices of cheese too!
I have always loved Zpizza. I haven't had it in awhile since the location near me closed and then I became a Vegan and pretty much swore off Pizza. 

I heard that they now have a VEGAN pizza and are serving it by the slice this weekend! (5/14-5/16)
I went in for a slice and left with 4! It was pretty damn Delicious! 
I cant wait to go back and order up my own Vegan creation, Like the ZBQ No chicken, sub vegan cheese, I might just die! 

All hail Zpizza for making pizza possible for Vegans!
Fantastic pizza, both regular and gluten free. Plus free local delivery. Really good tuna sandwich.
Zeeelicious! 

There's nothing better than good pizza and Z sure does deliver!

Thin crust.  The type of thin that's still chewy.  None of that cracker-like, might-be-a cheese crisp kind of crust.  They've mastered the ideal pie base!

Appropriate amount of cheese.

Organic ingredients. Gluten-free options.

But the 'ZBQ' was the choice for me: BBQ sauce, chicken w/ roasted red peppers, red onion, tomatoes, cilantro and sweet corn! Definitely a taste bud tantalizer, plus this joint threw in a generous handful of red pepper flakes and parmesan sans my request!  That right there is worth a little extra doe, via tip.

Also, they've got quite a few original topping combos too: curry chicken & yam w/ mango chutney.  That'll be my next pizza splurge!
I was recently introduced to Z Pizza and now I can't get enough. I really enjoy the variety they offer but my favorite thing is the pesto sauce!

They rotate through different pizzas that you can get by the slice each day or you can order your favorite full size pizza.

My Kids live this pizza. My picky eater says it is the best pizza she has ever had.
Burn-outs and hippies bring pizza and sandwiches right to your door! (I am fortunate enough to live near this location).  At first it was annoying that I would place the order online with explicit instructions for where my apartment was located only to find that the hippie delivery guy from Z would call my cell phone (sometimes I'd hear it ring and sometimes not) for further information.  Hijinx invariably ensue as I verbally administer the same instructions over the phone.  Now I just come to expect that when I order delivery from Z Pizza the guy who brings it to me will have blazed one up in the car on the half mile ride over to my place and will need some help getting to the door.

And then, the order surprise! Until they fixed the online ordering system you truly never knew what would actually be in your custom calzone.  Now it's at least got the right ingredients, although they interpret them a little loosely sometimes (last night, for example, I requested sauce, sauce, and more sauce and they gave me only one tiny cup). 

I love the calzone with wheat crust (I love that you can get wheat at all), the turkey sandwich with cranberry, and my husband loves the Santa Fe pizza (which I personally find a little revolting).  The food is tasty and they bring it to my house.  I like that.  It's better than ordering from Pizza Megalopolis or some other insanely corporatized chain.  Even though Z is a chain they "keep it real" and operate like a mom and pop.  Plus they keep our local Granola Crowd employed so they can turn around and spend their cash at other local spots.  

Gotta love the Z.
Had the provence pizza and I'm so glad I got the extra large so I would have leftovers the next day.  Pizzeria Bianco's got nothing on this place.  Interesting ingredients, delicious crust and perfectly baked (not burned).  I definitely recommend trying the hot/bbq-ish sauce they have in the condiment area on your pizza.  Not a ton but a little adds a delicious kick.

Service was good, the place was clean and the food was delicious and organic!  Looking forward to lunch today  :o)
This is a great family place. Pretty good pizza, laid back and great ice cream at the Pink Spot right next door.  They have interesting pizzas by the slice (Greek pizza!)  My kids can act as autistic as they are and no one gives us a sideways glance.  You can get breakfast at the PinkSpot
It's very good but very expensive.
LOVE their pizzas!  ...I love the Thai Chicken Pizza & the Curry Chicken & sweet potato pizza!  ..Delicious!  I never order Pepperoni Pizza, why bother when you have all these other scrumptious pizzas to get!  It always baffles me why so many people are stuck on boring Pepperoni Pizza when there is such a variety of different pizzas to get!
I returned to this place on my second visit over a few weeks time. Z Pizza has 7 salad menu, 8 sandwiches, and many pizza choice selections or build it yourself in different sizes. Or you can order  the slice(s) and usually they will have 4 flavors available that rotates on a daily basis. When I came in with my party, we had the choice of Hawaiian, egg plant, pepperoni and cheese. I ended up ordering the chicken curry sandwich by which I ask them to convert to a salad.  The chicken curry salad was flavorful, healthful, colorful and one that I enjoy. Superlative ....

The pizza are huge slices. When I had it last time and order one, I got addicted and ordered a second one. The pizza by the slice, are near thin and has a near clean bite to it instead of the oily and heavy stuffing feel that you get from pizza chains or warehouse places. It made me feel not guilty for my health...The cooks here do a good job in making their pizzas. Pizza slices go for about $3 and most of the menu items are about $7 .  The wait to get your ordered items is about 4-5 minutes...

The inside decor is very artful for a pizza place, you have to check it out yourself if you appreciate art. The art looks like it belongs in a hip coffee shop and that is a plus for a pizza place. The place is clean and seats comfortable. There are regular tables and a comfy sofa. There are seating outside as well. Zpizza also share access to the coffee and ice cream shop next door as it is under the same management. You can choose to sit in either shop..

The near midtown location makes it a ideal spot for business lunch or convenient spot. Parking is sufficient... I highly recommend this place if you need to grab a cheap and simple yet tasteful bite by yourself or plan to eat with friends and lounge afterwards at the next door coffee shop. The folks who work here are also friendly. And you can order take out too...
Although our piza and salad was delightful, we had the Pear and Walnut salad and the Pizza Napoli, the staff was kind of smug and unfriendly!!

We called before going, at 8:45pm, to see how late they served and were told 10pm.  We arrived at 9:35.  The girl said, "you know we close at 10 right?"  We told her we would eat quickly.  She replied, "I have to mop the floor, but we have a big party back there so you should be alright".  I found this a very unpleasant way to begin our visit here.  I mean it wasn't like we walked in a 9:55 and expected 5 star service.  After all, it is only pizza and salad.  Anyway, I let it slide.

Then, when the guy brought us our pizza, I had noticed a "New Times, Best Pizza Winner" sign, so I asked him if they had won this year.  He smugly said, "Oh, I'm sure several years".  I thought that was a crappy way to answer my question, since I am very familiar with these awards and didn't remeber them winning ever.  Apparently they one the reader's poll once back in 2007.  Whatever.  I might go back cuz the salad was bomb.
They have interesting combinations like curry chicken and yams, pear and gorgonzola....sounds bizarre, but is so flavorful! The traditional choices are available as well, along with great salads and unique sandwiches. Organic whole wheat crust and fresh ingredients make for a great pizza! Friendly staff is an added bonus.
We ordered 4 rusticas for delivery using their buy-one-get-one promo online. They had a great deal on rustica pizzas, but somewhere in the fine print (after our delivery) we realize that the 2-for-1 offer was limited to 1 order only. This caused lots of waiting time as the delivery boy cleared it up. They honoured the 2-for-1 so we were happy. Pretty good pizza. I like the crust. The curry chicken yam rustica and the Mediterranean were my favourites. Nothing super amazing but definitely better than your run-of-the-mill pizza joint. A great price if you get a promo deal.
Z Pizza is one of the best places I have discovered. Mainly because I don't like tomatoes, and Z is not totally about tomatoes either. There are so many items on their menu I have not been disappointed with, from Pesto pizza to cheesy bread to salad!! All of them tomato free.

The best feature though I have to say is their insanely easy to use online ordering. Being in the user experience industry, I'm frustrated with online ordering 95% of the time. Z makes me happy though. I actually sometimes miss them if I don't order occasionally. You can customize any item with almost anything you can think of and it's very easy to walk through. They also let you know up front if you are too far away for their delivery services so you don't sign up anyway.

I love you. I love you. I love you. And your use of fun ingredients like bacon and pine nuts and mushrooms :)
Good pizza - crispy crust,tons of toppings, and some creative combinations.
Stopped in when stranded at the hospital across the street and would happily go back to this location or try the other locations.
Midday parking at this place is seriously a joke, but such is the case with a lot of swank midtown lunch spots. 

Pizza was great, my East Coast hailing girlfriend gave it a thumbs up, which for an AZ pizza place is a huge kudos. We came to check out both this and the adjoining Pink Spot Coffee and Ice cream. We ate on the ice cream side, so I can't comment much on the decor of the Z Pizza side. 

Good ingredients, not the usual suspects, so that is a change. I will pay for good quality pizza, so the price was in line for the quality of the food.

It did a ton of lunch business but was efficient and the staff was smiling and not hating their life, which is always pleasant .
The good things about Z Pizza: It's open late, it's close to downtown, and they have vegan options.

The bad: It's a chain, they have like 6 parking spots, and the crust sticks to your teeth.  Seriously.  Also, I don't know if it's the type of vegan cheese or the way they prepare it, but it's just not that good.  It looks and tastes fake.  Pizza Heaven does it better.

This place gets the job done...but BARELY.
i wouldn't spend my money here any more. 
food is average 
This is odd but I've eatn Zpizza four times, three of the times its been take out from the hospital where we all threw in to get a few pizzas but my last experience was at the Thomas location and there was a girl employee that seemed to cough all over peoples pizzas and she didn't cover her mouth, gross (she must be a smoker) 

Good bye Thomas Zpizza, never again
Soo yummy!  I agree with the fact that parking can be a pain here, but its worth it.  Or, what a lot of people don't realize is that they deliver!  The pizza is a little pricey, but for the different toppings and styles they make, it's totally worth it.  Personally, I don't really like red sauce, so it's nice to find a pizza that doesn't have that as its main ingredient.  Come here (or get delivery) if you are looking for a non-traditional pizza that you want to really enjoy!
I really like the joint, but the food is hit or miss. The staff is very accommodating & I dig the location & the vibe inside is cool. All in all it's my new spot, but I'll take love, wealth & AMber first.
I considered giving Z Pizza one star but I thought I would be more generous than one of the staff members was to me. 

In New Times there used to be a coupon for a free slice of pizza.  I saved my coupon as it did not have an expiration date.  One day I sauntered into Z Pizza and presented my coupon and ordered a soda to go along with the pizza.  I was told by the clerk that I could not use the coupon because "too many homeless people" were using the coupon and they no longer honor the coupon.  I am not homeless nor do I "look" homeless.  Instead I was told I could order a special that included two slices of pizza and a soda.  I won't ever forget the woman behind the counter who so coldly denied me my slice of pizza.  I promised myself that I would never return.

Few months later...

I thought to myself "Self, you should really give Z Pizza another try.  Maybe it was just a bad day."  I called Z Pizza and asked for a delivery of a half soy and half regular cheese pizza.  In the past when I had ordered such a pizza, someone from Z Pizza was kind enough to mark which side was soy and which side was regular.  I thought the same would happen. I was wrong.  I received the pizza with no indication as to which side was soy and which side wasn't.  I called Z Pizza and asked about their soy cheese pizzas without telling them my predicament.  I was told "Our soy cheese pizzas are so good you can't tell the difference between regular and soy cheese."  I proceeded to explain that in this case, I needed to know the difference and asked why it wasn't marked.  The woman on the phone asked "How are we suppposed to do that?"  I stated that in the past the soy side of the pizza was marked by a white piece of plastic that served as both to keep the pizza box from caving in on the pizza and it also served to indicate which side was soy.  

I asked to speak with a manager after I realized I was getting nowhere with the woman on the phone.  She told me I would need to call the following day if I wanted to speak with someone in charge.  I then asked them to send me a small pizza with only soy cheese as a replacement at no charge.  I was told that they would call me back once they got the ok to make me another pizza.  They called me back and stated they would give me a small soy pizza but that it was on the bottom of their delivery list and insinuated that it was not a priority.

It took another hour for them to deliver the small, soy pizza.

Customer service at its finest?  I think not.  Not only did I have to think for them and offer my own form of compensation for their inadequacy but it was the second time that I had been treated in poor manner.  

Save your money. 

Come to think of it, I think I give Z Pizza just one star.  I will not bother ordering from Z Pizza ever again.
I have had nothing but a fantastic time with both the staff and service! I love the pizza
I (and co-workers; friends) have eaten here so many times over the last 6 years that it's about time that I write a review. Everything I've had here is great; I highly recommend the California salad, add chicken; balsamic dressing.  But every pizza I've had here is great too (a rotating selection), as is the Caesar.  I've also had a sandwich now and again and can't complain. Every once in a while the pizza has been sitting there a little while and is a little dry, but that's pretty rare, especially given the number of times I've eaten there. And hey, every 20 times you get a free pizza - can't beat that. (OK, 20 times seems a little high...)
Ordered the casa blanca and mexican pizza  for lunch in the office.
Even on a Sunday, the food was fresh,delivered fast and SOOOO filling... literally I had one piece and was full!
I love the ZBQ and on Tuesdays they have a special - buy one pizza at full price and get a second pizza for only $5. You can save about $15 on your second pizza with the special - it's quite the savings! Don't expect super friendly customer service here, you won't get it.
We love this place. We eat here every year when we visit Phoenix. Very kid friendly. Great salads. Since they do pizza by the slice too everyone gets what they want. Best part is it's attached to the Pink Spot.
When I have the craving for pizza, which isn't that often, Z Pizza is the best spot in Central Phoenix.  Our guilty pleasure is ordering on Tuesday nights when it's buy one, get the second for $5 (or is it half-price?  some kind of great deal)....and eating pizza while we watch Biggest Loser.  I'm always a fan of pepperoni, and their crust is crispy thin...the best way.  Also like the Casablanca...artichoke hearts, mushrooms, ricotta, parmesan, mozzarella...so tasty.  Great to have Gluten-free crust as an option, and the ingredients are fresh.  Yes, it's a small west coast chain...but they do it "right".   Friendly staff, speedy service, easy location.
Love it here, always will.
This was the 7th stop on the dine around. 

I'd give it 3.5, but due to our "dine and dash", I can't completely qualify my experience just yet. We came here for the napoli pizza and waited a few minutes for a fresh pie to come out of the oven. I really liked the feel of the place, and the menu was pretty expansive and looked good.

Oh, I do have to say the guy at the register was super nice, and so was everyone behind the counter. We got our slices and I haven't had many white pizzas, but this was really good. The crust was delish and the ingredients were really fresh. I'll definitely hit this place up again in the future.
being honest the review is mainly done based on a take out order that I was able to try at a volunteer event from VPA. They brought the veggie, cheese and salami pizzas. 

Yes you can definitely taste the difference in the cheese, but if only they could improve a bit more the dough....that would make me feel more happy. I'm a bit picky with the dough and love the thin crisp style. Better if you use whole wheat!
This place deserves 3.5 stars in my opinion. 

Pros: The staff is attentive, they offer whole wheat selections, and the food has been good and consistent every time I have been in. The pesto pasta is fantastic

Con: I think it is way over priced for what you get. The food is good but not great to warrant their prices. Second, the portions are too small for what you pay for. Unless I am jonesing for a whole wheat pizza, (which isn't often) I will go somewhere where my dollar goes further.
This is a great lunch spot with well-priced pizza. I have never tried their pasta or salads, but those look good as well.
I like that they are housed right next door to the Pink Spot, with an open breezeway connecting the two restaurants. This promotes a friendly, neighborhood-y community feel.
We have ordered delivery from them before, and their artisan pizzas are way better than your typical Domino's or Pizza Hut. But I would actually advise to just eat in-store, because the delivery pizza was a little cold.
Overall, a great place with a friendly vibe & lots of good healthy options!
Over a week for horrible customer service...


Customer since 2007, not anymore


I basically wrote them off after talking my dad and family into ordering from them one night instead of Papa John's.

Fresh ingredients and real food right?

But after they delivered it, the pizza I ordered for dad was soggy and undercooked. 
(which is alway the worst when you build a place up, finally get others to try it, and get burned!)

2 weeks ago for Father's Day, I was spending time with my dad and asked him what he wanted to do for dinner, he asked for Z's.

I tried to persuade elsewhere, but he just wanted to relax at home.

So I called up and placed an order, then ran to pick it up.

When I left with it, they forgot to put the 2 slices of pizza in the bag (I looked in it and thought everything was there)

Get home, realize they are missing so give them a call.


me-"Hey this is Steve, I was just there, you guys forgot my 2 slices of pizza"


"ya, they are sitting right here"


.....


.....



me- "okkkkkk, well what do you guys do in situations like this...."


"they are sitting right here"


.............


me- " Ok....well we just sat down to eat, and I'm not running back up there right now, so in situations like this, what do you guys do to make this right, have the delivery driver drop them off or just refund me for them?"



"I will add a 5 dollar credit to your account that you can use next time"



me- "uhhh I think the 2 pieces cost more than 5 bucks, so can you just refund my card back the right amount"


At this point I was already DONE with this place, who forgets food then doesn't offer to make it right, THEN lowballs you on a credit?? If you are going to offer me a different amount, At LEAST offer me MORE than what I paid for not LESS!

INSANE



"ok I just did the refund"


me- "thanks man"

that's it, no apology, nothing. He also sounded like he wasn't on point, and after the way he handled it AND originally forgetting my food I was worried about the refund.


I kept an eye on my credit card account, and 3 business days later, still no refund, so I called back up to find out whats going on.

He never did it.


Wednesday:

after 20 mins on the phone, I am told that the owner will have to call me back to investigate this and issue a refund. Odd that NO ONE there can handle this or refund my money



Friday:

Still no refund and no call from the owner, so I call AGAIN and explain it all over for the 2nd time. I was told the owner would have to call me and let me know.

later that day he does, is nice on the phone, says sorry, and that he can't refund me back on my credit card, that I will have to swing by to pick up the refund

once he is done, I explain how disappointed I am and how I waited almost 1 week and had to call 3 times for a refund, after not getting my food, getting a lowball credit offer, and being told I would get a refund and NOT, and that I now have to drive back up there to collect my refund. He has nothing to add but "sorry" and he is "trying to make things better there because there has been some customer service problems"




------


Well earlier tonight I was riding by, so decided I would grab it (a tank of gas in my bike) so went in and asked for it

open up the envelope, thinking mmmmmmaybe they will throw something in there, like a free pizza coupon to make it right, but nope

6 bucks and 1 penny


If they had thrown a coupon in, I was already mentally ready to ask for the manager and give it back. I don't want their food, or anything FREE, and that it's the principle. 

and I thought it would be BOSS to do, give it back :D


but would had scored points in my book for the effort


but NOPE

all of that, calling them 3 times, all just so I can drive back up there to get my money back


so heads up

this is how they treat customers who have gone there for years, who's orders get forgotten, and takes them almost a week just to give a refund


as a business owner, and former manager in the food industry, that isn't how you take care of your customers


such a shame, love supporting local businesses and had recommended them to quite a few people before


so if you are thinking about hitting this one, I HIGHLY recommend you look east, 2 buildings over, Pino's- http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinos-pizza-al-centro-phoenix , and try them out

AMAZING customer service, friendly, helpful, and waaaaay better food

seriously, you can see I gave them a 5 star almost 1 year ago, that's where I've been going for pizza since
I love this place, everything I have had has been delicious, pizza, sandwiches, calzones, and the bread sticks( especially with the pesto sauce to dip it in ). But, if you really want something yummy, you MUST try the apple pie dessert pizza, its amazing!
Very disappointed. Have now ordered from them 3 times. Apparently, depending on the busy-ness of the store, you may or may not be in their delivery area. Tonight, ordered online and not a problem with that part (never stopped me mid-transaction to say no delivery). Phone rings and am politely told that it's too busy and they can't delivery to my house (though they did deliver here a few weeks ago). Very hard to find places with gluten free options, so clearly happy that they had one. However, I'll stick with Spinato's. Locally owned and operated, gluten free option and never a delivery issue. Zpizza, you lost my business over something as simple as delivery.
My favorite is the Thai pizza sans chicken.  Wow.  Yum!  Anyone that puts bean sprouts on their pizza and can pull it off with flair and taste has to be given kudos!  Great veggie pizza by the slice...there's always one meat, one veg, and cheese...perfect!  Cozy spot to have a beer and grab a slice.  Plus, they usually have a special for two slices and a beer...so even better!
This is a great place for lunch. I always get the 2 slice and drink special. Can't go wrong with awesome pizza.
My family and I were visiting the area after flying to Phoenix for surgery at BNI. We just happened to see this place on the way to our hotel and decided to hop on over for lunch.

The pizza was top notch, in my opinion. It's obvious they use quality ingredients, and their salads look good too.

The only complaint I have is that the price was a little steep. It was $50-something for one XL pepp pizza, one L pepp + sausage pizza, 3 bottles of water, and one beer. We all felt that was a bit much, but it was very good pizza. 

I also liked that the next door ice cream place was connected to the restaurant by a breezeway. It made it feel more like a community place. I recommend the place for pizza.
Good service, casual atmosphere, pizza was pretty good.
I'd eaten here for years. Since becoming gluten-free in late 2011- I didn't think I'd enjoy pizza again. When family was visiting before Christmas we dined in and ordered four different pies. I ordered the gluten-free Provence (capers! artichoke hearts! basil!) Everyone enjoyed their pizza, and we ended up ordering a second-gluten free Provence since everyone enjoyed a slice of mine. A couple folks in my party had wine, others had beer. After we ate, we took the kids next door to Pink Spot where everyone enjoyed ice cream and sorbet.
good pizza good service
Short and sweet if you are looking for a GREAT to go pizza with organic ingredients and amazing quality these are your guys. Z pizza made me forget about movie night and Im just calling it pizza night now :)
Yummy!  Their Napoli pizza is a vegetarian dream!  I've stopped in and eaten at this location several times and it is always clean and the pizza is hot.  My work has ordered pizza from here for dinner and it arrived hot and tasty.  

They have so many different options.  If you're bored with your regular pizza joint, give Z a try.
I don't see a single "negative" review.  zPizza is the best gluten-free option in the Phoenix metro area!! It's a small family owned business in the heart of Central Phoenix. If you don't live close, come anyway. The food and service is worth the drive! While you're there, try a dessert at the Pink Spot next door. Yummy!
I love being able to get a slice of pizza whenever I feel, but I wish that they had a waitress that wasn't as condescending during the entire order process. Strictly transactional, doesn't really talk to you, and sends you off on your way with some fine vegetarian eats. I really love the food there, the salads even are amazing, and with better service, it would have been a 5 star. They should be lucky they don't work for tips!
I'm all-in with any place that touts organic ingredients, so I wanted to give this place a whirl. After two visits, I'm just inclined to say "It's all right, I guess."

The pizza is more impressive than typical chain pizzas, of course, but both pizzas I tried (first being some Greek pizza and the second a masterpiece of my chosen ingredients) were pretty salty and greasy. I'm a fan of thicker-crust pizzas, Chicago-style and the like, so I wasn't super pleased with these more thin-skinned slices; but if you like that kinda thing..

Customer service here could also use work; it's not absolutely horrible, but both times I went the service lady (two different ones) gave the impression that I was holding her up or something. The second one, who I told we were going to be a second in deciding on our pizzas, said "okay" and stood and stared at us as we uncomfortably perused the menu. Better than disappearing, I guess, but still kind of jarring. The whole staff seems kind of "irreverent hipstery," and I can't stress that vibe of "We have something better to do" more.

The ingredients seem pretty good, though, and there are plenty to choose from for you out there who enjoy a slew of exotic flavors on your pie. I'd recommend it over most pizza places, just say to order carry-out online so you don't have to deal much with customer service and to shy away from any oil-based sauce (pesto/olive oil whatever) so you won't have an oil rag for a slice of pizza.
It's pretty tasty stuff! They offer some interesting pizzas and the ingredients are usually pretty fresh. Sometimes if you go in at kind of a slow hour and get a slice, it'll be a little on the 'meh' side. The calzones are pretty good, they'll fill the craving if you have one. 
Honestly what I am a big fan of at zPizza is their sandwiches and salads. They're flavorful, fresh, and the bread is awesome. The salads have interesting combinations and are a nice size. 

Hit Pink Spot next door afterward for maximum gluttony.
My fiancee and I stopped by for lunch in-between classes to grab a slice of pizza. We'd been to Z Pizza once before and it was pretty good.

Apparently they had just opened because they had no slices out, and they told us it would be 10 minutes before it was ready. Technically they opened early, a little less than 10 minutes, so I think they were on time with preparation for the most part. The manager made sure to let us know they always try to open early for our benefit. 

We browsed the local art (all 'abstract') on the walls, looked at the shop connected which had ice cream, interesting treats, and breakfast/lunch foods, but we ended up waiting for the pizza because we wanted something real and tasty (and less than $4-5 for one item). 

One slice of pizza came out to about $3, which I expected since they are smaller and more specialty. The thing that made me happy was that it was a decently sized slice for both of us to share. It was the American, which was awesome. Fresh ingredients, bright colors, REAL thin crust (nice and crispy, yummy even plain), and not as much of a greasy feeling that is usually found in other pizzas that are loaded with too much cheese or whatever. 

There was a little bit of a water/grease mixture that dripped off in the first handling, but that is just because of the fresh veggies and meat and cheese. If your meat and cheese doesn't have a drop of grease when cooked, something isn't right. This was in no way soggy or dense with grease. It was really a perfect slice of pizza to be honest.

The only thing that made me worried was a common nat or two flying around. With ingredients that are mixed and prepped on the open-aired counter-tops, that is a worry for me. It's not something very controllable by the employees or store hygiene, so I don't lose customer satisfaction, but I wonder if they ever get baked into the mix every 10,000th pizza. The irony is that there was one in the menu viewing box at the entry. I will stress that the place practices cleanly standards from what I observed.

All in all I know I am a satisfied customer when I don't regret spending my money and time and energy into going somewhere, which happens often. Z Pizza has a nice local, casual feel, not as concerned about a fake approach to you when you are there, and hey, they even warned us that the slice was really hot. It's about the quality of the food/time without being ripped off, and the food quality was really awesome! My fiancee and I would probably come here again for a close-by solution for hunger when we are waiting for our next class.

*If you want a more cafe atmosphere, the location on Central is good for that. They have live music near the outdoor seating weekly as far as I know, usually kind of jazzy.

P.S. Thumbs up for having same-priced gluten free options for pizza!
Last week, my friend and I went to Z Pizza and had some great thin crust pizzas. She called in the order and asked about the crust being gluten free, which it is. (That was only for a FYI purpose, not because we wanted gluten free). When she placed the order the person let her know that something we got as a topping was not gluten free, which was totally OK with us. She got a call back later from another person letting her know the same info. That is a good customer service touch and we both wanted to give Z Pizza a shout out for taking care of their customers. Plus...their pizzas are really yummy!
Yet another place I only choose when at work, having either forgotten or been too lazy or rushed to bring in my own dinner, and want something delivered instead of going out.

Happily, I don't special order anything - and my last couple orders have been the pear and gorgonzola rustica pizza. It's tasty. It's fresh, and it's filling. I think it's overpriced for what it is, but we don't have that many decent delivery options, so I'll deal with it.

I attempted the hummus once. Small portion, way too runny and completely lacking in flavor.

The special orders seem to be an issue. A coworker ordered the turkey sandwich and asked them to hold the tomato. That apparently was translated to hold the cranberry sauce, too. Pity - she really likes the cran. In fact - anytime any of us have asked for any "special" handling of our meals, there has been an error.

So - I'll stick with my pear and gorgonzola when the decision to order Z Pizza is made - and hope it continues to be A-OK.
What more could you want in a casual pizza place?!

A variety of pizza's on the menu, other items as well.  A distinctive feeling and style.  A happy crew serving you deliciousness.  When I'm hanging around this area again, I'll be back!
I have been debating on posting  a review for quite a while on Zpizza, I'm torn. 
On one hand, their pizzas are addicting and delicious. Their (usually) perfectly crafted and aesthetically pleasing. The best thing about them is the variety. Its no longer cheese, pepperoni or sausage, they bring new elements to the table.
     BUT, on the other hand, the one thing they are truly lacking in their business is genuine customer service and communication among themselves. About 2 months ago, I ordered two simple pizzas, the Thai (my personal favorite) and the ZBBQ (my boyfriends personal favorite). Because neither of us eat meat, I simply asked them for NO chicken. I have ordered from them many times, so I wasn't the least bit worried. I waited 45 minutes for it and when it arrived my pizzas were both covered in chicken, so we obviously couldn't eat them. I called and spoke with a manger just to say "Hey, this kind of sucks!" she then told me sorry and that I can have a free small pizza. 
So, still being hungry I decided to place another order (why not?).
45 minutes later I receive the same order and even tipped the guy generously for having to come out again. Well, what to you know, there's no chicken! But wait, there's also nothing else on the pizza except cheese. Awesome. 
Twice in one day on the same order. This has also happened several more times since. 
For me, customer service is a big part of running a business. If you keep screwing up orders because you fail to communicate with your team you're going to lose valuable customers.
Gluten-free, vegan pizza. Friendly, helpful staff. Exciting topping options like shiitake mushrooms and zucchini. Awesome. The crust was a little overcooked.
Nasty and cold. If you're not ordering pizza that has been sitting under the heater for awhile, then you'll be waiting for quite some time to receive your order. My mistake of ordering pizza that has been sitting for too long because it was gross.
I've been meaning to try this cute little pizza shop forever and we finally took the plunge last night. I grew up on Papa Johns and Pizza Hut living in a small town and while I love those too, I also like the fancier, more simple pizzas that come from Cibo and the like. I wasn't in the mood for the fancy types of pizza and Pomo doesn't deliver so we decided to give it a try. After looking at the menu, I was excited to see that it was organic and seemed like a fairly healthy choice when pizza typically can wreck a diet. 

We ordered the Pear and Gorgonzola salad (large), a small American pizza and a chicken sausage Rustica pizza. Ordering for delivery was quick over the phone and the total came to $30. That's a bit steep for delivery considering the regular chains have some incredible deals now but oh well, I decided it was worth the try! Estimated delivery time on a Sunday evening was 30-45 minutes.

I was pleased that the pizza's arrived much faster, probably closer to 20 minutes. The salad was large and for $8.50 it was pretty good. The balsamic vinaigrette dressing was a bit sour but it complemented the salad pretty well. As for the pizza's, neither was that great. I had requested extra sauce and my first piece of American basically had all the toppings slide off when I grabbed the piece and the dough was undercooked. I thought because their crust is advertised as thin and crispy that it could have handled it but it didn't even come close. The overall flavor was decent but the presentation reminded me of something you get at a pizza buffet. It looked like a highly processed pizza to me and I know Papa Johns is way better if I'm going to go that kind of route. I had one piece of the chicken sausage pizza and did not like the sausage at all. It looked really processed in this weird oval shape and didn't like the flavor at all. Overall that pizza, minus the arugula (because since when is peppery lettuce so vogue?!?!) was pretty bland. 

Sadly, we won't be ordering pizza from here again but I might swing by for the salad sometime. One star for the salad, one star for the fast delivery.
This is the best gluten free pizza crust I've had in town so far.   Good pizza and salads not to mention there is a dessert shop next door that is connected.
Whenever I order pizza, it's almost always from Z Pizza. Everything is fresh and delicious and the wait is never long. 

I really enjoy eating there as well because of all of the options they have available. From vegan pizza to sub sandwiches, whatever you may be in the mood for, they've got it. 

I'm actually on a personal mission to find the best pizza place in town and so far, Z Pizza is at the top of my list.
Good pizza. Great fresh ingredients. Good thickness on crust. Even taste good the next day cold.
I've had a love/hate relationship with zpizza since moving to the valley almost a year ago.  I like the idea of a healthier alternative to pizza and the salads are also delicious.  The combo with a slice, salad and drink is a great deal and I've eaten there many times for lunch or dinner.  I've always found the pizza to be OK...not great,  but just above mediocre and with the good price and great salad, I've found it to be a good option.  It's also nice that it's (usually) fast, so you can eat there in 30-40 minutes if you choose a pizza slice that's already prepared in the case by the front.  This was the driving force to my husband & I choosing to eat there recently.  We had an hour to get to a theatre show and needed dinner.  zpizza was on the way, so we decided to try it.  There wasn't a line to order and the dine-in area wasn't very crowded.  We both ordered the salad/slice combo.  While ordering, a 1/2 pepperoni 1/2 something else pizza was placed in the case.  I asked if the pepperoni slices were available (as they weren't on the sign) and the cashier said yes.  We both ordered pepperoni slices and paid and sat down to wait.  And wait we did....salads took a bit longer than usual and when they brought my husband's it was covered in dressing although he had specifically ordered it dry.  I think the guy expected him to be OK with it and eat it anyway, but he really doesn't like dressing.  He sent it back and had to wait again.  After finishing our salads, still NO PIZZA.  I went up to ask what was taking so long to heat up 2 slices, and was told that the pepperoni was not available so they were making a new pie.  I told them we picked it b/c it was already made and we were in a hurry, and they were now telling me 10 MORE minutes for the pepperoni.  I asked to switch our slices to the Napoli which was in the case, which they did.  They heated those up and served them with an apology, but a rather apathetic one.  Unfortunately, those slices didn't taste great, but we choked them down and ran out the door to be barely on time for the show.  I just don't understand why they couldn't have told me the slices in the case weren't available and that there would be a 25 minute wait.  At that point, we could've ordered a whole pizza or chosen a different place to eat.  Also, the employees all seem a little bit snobbish and don't seem to care a bit about customer service.  I think I'll be taking my pizza business elsewhere in the valley, which is unfortunate b/c zpizza is so close by.
Love Z Pizza! Seriously never had a bad pizza here. ZBQ is delicious!
We wanted to try something new, and we found this small little place. Great food, the pizza was delicious ( do not order by slice, buy a whole one.. It'll be fresher and taste better). And then if you are not full, the amazing part is that is connected with the pink place, where they sell desserts and smoothies. I give it 4 stars because the employees are lacking customer service skills. But good place overall
I really want to give ZPizza 4 stars, but it's just not a 4-star pizzeria. Their veggie pizza is the best out of any 'delivery' I've had but doesn't rival Cibo or even Sauce.  

The upside: Good veggie/vegan options.
- You can opt for the whole wheat crust for no extra charge (the gluten-free crust is a $3-4 upcharge). 
-Their California Veggie and Moroccan eggplant pesto pizza are divine. 
-There's an ice cream parlor next door.
- Their iced tea isn't awful.

The downside:  THE SERVICE.
- We always order and pick up -- and are consistently on hold for more than 5 minutes, often times having to call back because they hung up. 
- There are a few people working at this location who clearly hate their jobs. Their attitude and manner is really unpleasant to be around. I get it, you work at a pizza place and you're not that happy... but WHY take it out on the customers? 

I came in the other night and watched a guy stand in line in front of me for about 8 minutes (he was already there when I arrived), while the girl at the front was on the phone. There's another register.. yet no one came up to help him. He ordered slices and by the time I told them what I was picking up, added a slice and got my drinks, he was STILL waiting. This poor guy waited 20 minutes just to get 2 slices of pizza that was already premade and in the case! That's just careless service.
This place is okay for the price. The pizzas taste a lot like back home in Chicago. Love that they have gluten free and more green options. They are nice people and the service is pretty great, which earns most of its ratings.

Pizzas are kind of expensive, though. Their salads aren't really all that special.

Also, figuring out their menu online is impossible. You have to sign up just to look at it, and honestly I don't need any more emails about anything in my inbox.

I also have spent at least $5 on a meal at least a dozen times, and I haven't forgotten about giving them my phone number but my points towards a free pizza don't add up. I wish this was somehow fixed because I feel I would be close to some free pizza, but alas I will likely continue to eat here.
Zpizza is so good! I order on-line because I work downtown in an office and don't get to leave my desk often. They have a 10.00 minimum charge which I think is pretty normal and standard. Their pizza is so delicious! Crust is soft and flavorful and they put lots of cheese and ingredients! If you order on-line you can make special comments or tell them exactly how you want your order and they make it accordingly. Very good! Love this place!
I went to Z PIzza out of convenience. It is within walking distance from the ER and the person who was in the ER was irrationally hungry. At 6:30 on Sunday night I walked to Z Pizza to get 4 slices of pizza because it was faster than ordering a full pizza. The slices were awful. They were old. They cost $13. They were only barely warmed in the pizza oven. 

If you don't see the pizzas come out of the oven then don't expect them to be good. Lesson learned.
The pizza is very delicious and the ingredients are fresh. The gluten free crust is good.
I've had their "3 Z" lunch special a few times. Usually grab two slices (I've always gotten the daily specialty pizza) and a half salad. $7.99 and it fills me up for hours.
I give 5 stars on the pizzas, but THREE STARS on the service. I waited 15 minutes to be greeted and to get my order... Her having a conversation with her co workers being drunk last night was more important I guess.lolz

Anyways.  The Moroccan pizza with the best pizza I've ever had, who knew to put pine nuts on your pizza:))
The mushroom and cheese pizza was mediocre. But it was still good, we sat in the pink spot side. Which was the ice cream shop. Super cute, love the environment. I love all the books :))  I end up getting the cappuccino crunch ice cream. It was magnificent. I shall come back for that!
So bummed usually very good but tonight my pizza was watery and not done in middle. Ur delivery is better than this . Had to try n rebake didn't work ! Yuck
I went here over 2 years ago on a date. My now fiance took me here on one of our first dates and I had pepperoni and it was amazing, but for some reason we never went back until last light. I am now attempting to be vegan (or just have a more plant based diet) and I tried their berkeley vegan pizza. I ordered it in small (personal pizza) and it was very delicious. You get a lot of veggies for the price you pay ($11) and it was vegan meat crumbles. I am very happy because I love pizza and now i don't have to say good bye to pizza, this is a very delicious substitution over the real thing.
Food is great. Lots of options. But customer service is not so great. Which for us is a big deal. The third time we ordered it took forever to get there and both pizzas were cold and the ice cream sandwich was liquid. Normally they bring the frozen treats in a cooler so their frozen when they get to you. Not this time. And the driver even said she don't grab a cooler, so we might want to put it in the freezer. I also got food poisoning that night from the pizza. I called the restaurant just to let them know everything was cold but no manager was there. They said she'd get back to me. Two days later I call again and the manger has no idea what happened. I explained our experience and she tells me good poisoning takes longer than 24 hours to kick in...?!?!  I've had food poisoning many times and it's sudden! Anyways we probably won't order anymore just because the service was so bad.
Best pizza in Phoenix. The ZBQ is so good. I normally order a half ZBQ half pepperoni and ricotta pizza. Always fresh. And delivery time is quick. There's no reason to go anywhere else for pizza. I love this place.
some of the specialty pies are ok, but the slices are overpriced AND OH DEAR LORD DO NOT EVER ORDER THE WINGS. they are the worst wings i have ever had. not crisp at all, im pretty sure they were cooked then left in hot storage. gummy, gooey, these are not words a wing afficiando wants to hear.
My boyfriend turned me onto zpizza...I fell in love right away! When we are in the area we usually stop in for a slice. His favorite is the Tuscan Mushroom, and it really is fabulous. I love the salads also and that they use organic ingredients. If I lived closer I would def be here more!
The food is much like all other zpizza locations- always good, always fresh and always pretty standard size/taste/portion-wise, etc. 

I usually always get the same thing at zpizza, but usually go to the Downtown Phoenix location near CityScape. To my knowledge, I ordered the same thing as usual and with my order and another usual entree, it seemed to be $5-10 more than the CityScape location....which is weird.

The staff is really unprofessional, had awkward "night out" stories that they were loudly telling in front of customers. I had to walk up to the counter and wait to get a box, as I was being seemingly ignored, but one of the employees was eager to help me once he noticed me.

It is conveniently placed near/connected to a dessert/cafe that looks cute, too, but I did not try it. 

This place might be better for take-out or delivery, but I'm not sure. It just wasn't as good of an experience as other zpizzas that I have been to.
I usually really love the vegan pizza, but today I got it by the slice and it was horrible. I got it to go and when I got home 5 minutes later, it was cold. I don't want to give them less then 3 stars because I really like the place. But I spent way too much money on cold pizza that didn't taste good anyways.

I'll probably go back, but I am never getting pizza by the slice again.
How s the Pizza ? I,ve no Idea . After fiquireing out the web site , put in the order , get a call from the store to confirm the order , I waited 1 hour 20 minutes and its still not here . I called the store , Oh he left 25 minutes ago with 2 deliveries . Ok Cancel mine , you can imagine what its like once it get here after 30 minutes . On a Tuesday night There has to be an easier way to get Pizza than ZPizza . Gooood Bye Zpizza !
I'm a bit frustrated. I love the pizza, but the place is always dirty; at least, the past three times that I have been here. The bathroom had mold around the waterline in the toilet and the walls in the dining room were dirty. Now I'm not eating out if the toilet nor off the walls, but it doesn't make you feel good. Today I went to sit down at 4 different tables, having to continuously move due to the crumbs on each table. So, choosing the bar across from the cashier brought me closer to watching how they prepare the pizza. The guy wears no food handlers gloves! Just hands on cheese on my pizza! No thanks! Fare Z well!
Food is a tad high but the wings and pizza as well as the calzone were good. The  help was friendly and out food was HOT when brought to the table.  The music was actually decent and not to loud. The place seemed clean and they had a steady business for a Sunday night
Mediocre at best. The pizza is bland and soggy. The wings are 99% fat 1% Franks Red Hot sauce( maybe franks buffalo) the bread sticks are actually pretty good. The delivery time can't be beat. Pinos pizza is significantly better.
Love the gluten-free options and late hours, thanks!
No doubt the pizza is excellent here, but the service sucks! The first time I went there, there was a line outside the door. To their credit both registers were manned, but when it came to be my turn, the cashier (Asian female) decided she didn't want to do any more work and just wandered off. When she decided to come back, she spent the next 15 minutes chatting to her friend on her phone. Eventually she decided to serve me and got the order wrong. Gee thanks for nothing lady. 

The second time I decided to call the order in. Hello Z Pizza, can you hold? Can you hold some more? Hello can you hold? Unfortunately they don't wait for you to answer before putting you on hold, so you are SOL. I began the call when I was a 30 minute drive from the place and finished the call in their parking lot. I walk in expecting the place to be slammed, but no, it's dead. More employees than customers and guess what, they're chat, chat, chatting away - with each other. 

This place would be great with an effective manager in place. Or maybe just any manager
A friend and I decided to meet here, I've been before to the place next door (the Pink Spot where they have homemade ice cream, desserts, salads, wraps,ect...)  We sat on the ZPizza side and ordered a veggie pizza with no olives. Service was quick, friendly and helpful. I love a crisp, thin & tasty crust...and this was pretty good!  

I'll definitely be back.
We live near Z Pizza and have ordered it a number of times recently - it's good - but the reason I'm leaving this review is because I just tried their gluten free pizza tonight, and I'm totally a fan!  I don't have much to compare it with in terms of gf, but I had a third slice ...I just wanted more!  My rating isn't 5 stars because I thought they skimped a bit on the sauce ...but you know I will definitely be back for the gf and I appreciate that they offer it as an option.
Went in with date for dinner, our first time inside the restaurant on Thomas and the place looked clean, but not any special decor or anything.  I did order wings and pizza (large) with traditional toppings and two beverages for $35 and paid upfront.  The wings were covered in sauce and turned out well done on the inside but somehow the skin was wet and soggy.  Gross.  The pizza was a thin crust which is good, but it too had lots of "juice" under the center of the pizza making it soggy and the juice looked like black water.  Gross.  A waste of $35!  A side note, the service was so poor from the cashier dude that thinks he should be given a tip before the food is even served.  He also made a verbal comment out loud that he was working for free.  I am sure zpizza has quality ingredients, but the wings made us both sick for the night which means another lost customer telling a hundred others not to visit this hole in the wall.
Great food! Delicious fresh pizza. Service a little slow. I knocked off a star because they don't recycle. That was a big surprise for a restaurant with organic food.
It is the best pizza.   Great for all types of people.   Vegans, vegetarians, gluten free and all natural.   My daughter got my husband and I hooked a few years ago and now I can say is the only pizza place that we'll go to.
Pizza is decent...not spectacular. We ordered a large and two sodas and the total came to $25. I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
I've tried the pizza in the past and it was to be honest, nothing to write home about. I try not to judge restaurants on the first go around though so on my lunch break today, I decided to give it another try. 

They have a few different lunch specials, but their pasta lunch specials include the choice of pasta, a side salad and a drink (iced tea, coffee or an organic soda). I opted for the Eggplant Parmigiana with a Caesar salad and OMG, it was delicious!! I would consider myself a connoisseur of eggplant/chicken parmigiana, very picky to say the least and their version more then exceeded my expectations. 

It takes a bit longer for the dish to come out of the kitchen as they bake each serving under the broiler to get the cheese all hot and bubbly, but it's well worth the wait. With Italian food it's so easy to overeat but Picazzo's has done a great job with portioning- enough to satisfy, but not enough to fill you with regret later on... 

For a drink I ordered the Lemonade Cooler, which is a concoction of Rain (organic) Vodka, Chambord and lemonade. Yummmmm! It was strong enough to wash away the stress of my busy morning at work, but not enough to prevent me from kicking butt when I got back to the office. 

As my lunch special came with a drink and I didn't have time to have a post-meal cup of coffee, the waitress offered to give me an iced coffee in a to-go cup. The coffee comes pre-sweetened (with natural, organic sweetener I believe...), but the waitress was thoughtful enough to bring over the sugar packets and a bit of creamer. With a splash of creamer and a quick stir, I left Picazzo's feeling satisfied, happy and ready to conquer the rest of my day. :)
Been going here for years, and visited again recently and it was as good as ever! Their lunch specials (salad & pizza) are delicious, well-portioned, high-quality and very fairly priced.
So it's hard enough to go out and have a gluten free meal disregarding the fact if it is good or not, but OMG my gluten free dinner was delicious! Going into the restaurant I had heard that picazzos was gluten free but I was so impressed with the  waitress' knowledge and understanding of my intolerance. Every single one of the salads was gluten free and many of the pastas and pizzas were as well. I love when restaurants use fresh delicious ingredients and boy, picazzos does not skimp on the good stuff!  We ordered a blue cheese salad (yummy!) and I ordered myself a margarita pizza with gluten free crust- my parents ordered another pepperoni, sausage and ricotta pizza expecting that mine would be less than average. The pizza was delish, not ehh it's gluten free delicious, it was by golly if this pizza was served- without being told it was gluten free- I would be immensely impressed. My parents even enjoyed it! I did not check if they have gluten free deserts because I was so stuffed from the great pizza and salad! 

They also sell gluten free pizza dough for five dollars (and for a gluten free eater it's a steal!) when they are not crowded. Although it's a tad gooey and hard to work with, it makes the most delicious home baked pizza ever, I repeat EVER. I force my mother to buy some whenever she is nearby.

Also on a side note, I am such a iced tea snob and their iced tea was auhhhmazzinggg!! 

Overall a fantastic dinner! I will be back very soon!
Had a delicious pizza here with my husband tonight....tried a half and half of BBQ chicken and vegetarian on a whole grain thick base. We really enjoyed it. We were also happy to find out that they are now an organic restaurant.  We thought they were a new restaurant as we had never been there before but apparently they have been at this location for quite a few years now and just changed their name and ingredients. Their salads and pastas also look very tasty and for a decent price. We will definitely be back.
What happened to this place?  We used to go here quite frequently and could order scrumptious pizzas of all kinds . . . then they became "organic" and quite frankly, the pizza left a lot to be desired.  I'm all for "organic" and healthy, but then I still expected the same taste and quality and I was seriously disappointed.  We ordered the meat-meat-meat pizza and it was tasteless, with very little sauce, hardly any cheese. I guess when I'm in the mood for pizza, I'll have to trek all the way down to the Borgata to get me some Pomo.
Very tasty dishes of very healthy fare.  So nice to find healthy food in a restaurant setting.  Many tasty options for gluten free, organic, whole grain, etc.  The pizzas were a bit pricey...but what do you expect.  I had the chicken-chorizo pasta and it was priced right at $10 and had some unique ingredients.  Love it!  We were here late on a Sunday night...plenty of seating available, chill atmosphere, plenty of parking.  Great place.  I wish we had these in SoCal.
It was our first time there and have to admit that we were a little apprehensive about everything being described as "organic" and gourmet in the same sentence, but we were presently surprised.  My husband and I each only ordered a slice of pizza - pepperoni and a spicy Italian.  The crusts were crispy, not soggy.  They could have used a bit more sauce and cheese, but most "gourmet" pizza aren't served that way.  We are looking forward to going back and trying their pasta.
I'm rarely surprised anymore when going out to eat but Picazzo's was one of them.
We had two greek salads and were shocked when we saw the portion size as it was piled high on the plate.
Even more shocking was the conspicuous presence of all the little goodies....plenty of olives, tomatoes, and brimming with feta. 
I spent the extra buck or two, opting for chicken. Not a few pieces but practically an entire chicken breast. 
I'm rarely satiated after eating salad for lunch but this was one of the few exceptions.
Everything about this place was good if not great. 
Friendly host, waiter, good food and plenty of it, and low prices.
One of our faves.
aaaaaaaaaaack! 

I just stopped by here for a slice and salad combo. I hadnt been in for a couple years, and man things have changed.

first up was the salad. I was so psyched on life when I saw how huge it was! One bite and I quickly knew I wouldnt be eating much more. I got the ceasar salad and the dressing tasted "off", the salad itself was pretty warm. Not a welcoming salad at all. 

Then came the pizza. The pizza here used to be really good. Not so much anymore. It was all dried out and crusty. 

I tossed my lunch and am thankful I had an apple squirrled away in the fridge. $8 down the drain.
Went there for Lunch today with some BeachBody coaches.  My wife Deborah is avoiding Gluten, so it's a great place to have a good salad and gluten free slice.  It's my free meal from P90X.

Get the Gluten free extra crispy.
LOVE LOVE this place because they cater to poor stomachs like me, with Gluten-Free needs!! On top of that, the gluten free crust and pasta they offer is exceptional! Always great service, each and every time :)
Went with the family on a Saturday night.  Casual enough for the kids.  I had lasagne.  Food was tasty, but all the portions were very small, especially the kids servings.  Not great for the money.  I prefer Nick's.
Love the number of gluten free selections, but not much else.  The two stars are solely for that.  We ordered take out, and the pasta and app choices left a lot to be desired.  Pizza was good, but not for the price. The whole meal was expensive and most ended up in the trash.  We won't be back.  There are better gluten free options out there, and for the money we can choose from most all of them.
I had lunch here a week ago and am in love.  I had the gluten free pizza and wedge salad.  I now know that I prefer a wedge without bacon, but it still hit the spot.  The gluten free pizza had potato slices and bacon on it and it was amazing.  The crust was pretty good considering it was deprived of gluteney deliciousness.  I would definitely order it again and can't wait to go back.
As a newbie to the Gluten-free lifestyle and one who loves to dine out, I was really excited to find Picazzos. First off, their menu is filled with all of my favorite Italian specialties, with about 90% of them gluten-free. We took the whole family for a Sunday lunch. I had the Spaghetti/Chicken Picatta lunch special with a ceaser side salad, all GF. The pasta was light and flavorful with big pieces of white meat chicken and tons of yummy capers. The salad was just ok. I'm kind of a ceaser snob so that actually why they only got 4 stars. My husband had a pear and Gorgonzola salad along with a slice of pepperoni pizza. The vinaigrette on the salad was really good and he said the pizza crust was excellent. His meal was not GF. The kids split GF spaghetti and meatballs and a cheese pizza. They both devoured the pizza and meatball, but the spaghetti was a little tougher to sell. The pasta is Quinoa which has a different texture than regular spaghetti. But the flavor was still great with the sauce on it. We didn't stay for desert but looked at the menu and every selection is GF. We will definitely return to try some of the more GF options. For all of you hungry Celiac's out there, Picazzos does it right!
Made a take out order. Showed up and girls at the front were very giggly with each other and not very helpful.. seemed way to young for their job.. I guess the computers were down but instead of telling me what they were doing, they just giggled and ran around the restaurant with my credit card... other than that, the pizza was good.. over priced but good..
I'm suprised by the negative reviews of this place.  I'm a first-timer, so I can't compare it to the restaurant of old, but I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch.  I had the combo consisting of an organic ceasar salad and a slice of the spinach and mushroom pizza.  Both were amazing!  I'm not a fan of ice cold lettuce in my salads.  The temperature of the salad was perfect.  The dressing had a nice flavor and wasn't over done.  The pizza was delicious, left me wanting another slice.  I also enjoyed my organic pomegranate limeade.  Though it was poured from a can, I'd never seen this beverage option before.  Tasty!

I really appreciated the attentiveness of the server.  She was super friendly and even offered me reading material, as I was dining alone.  I'm definitely a fan of Picazzo's.  Repeat.
I have been going to this place for years and love it, love it, love it!! The food is healthy, organic, natural and even gluten free.  They are always great to my grandkids and the kids love the food as much as the adults.
Absolutely amazing food!!  The gluten free pizza is the best that I have ever had!  They have gluten free pizza by the slice which is something that I have never seen.  GF garlic flat bread and chipotle elbow pasta are also amazing.  If you are ever in the area make sure that you come by and eat here.
Friendly staff, great (and healthy) food, reasonable prices, specially for organic and glue free foods!  The only knock is that portions are on the small size, we have a teenage boy and he was left hungry...
Great place if you have a dining partner who needs gluten-free, but other than that, it's just o.k.  Nice atmosphere, good baked wings, decent beer selection.   Traditional pizza is nothing to write home about. Everything is a bit overpriced.  We just go here when we happen to be in Scottsdale and don't want to wait in a long line at Oregano's or drive back home to eat at Babbo.

Agree with some of the other comments that the food and menu seems to have lost a step in the past 2-3 years, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
I like this place quite a bit.  Noticed a video review about the Gluten free.  http://deborahapeters.com  Glad it's working for them.  we get the gluten free extra crispy gives it good texture when looking for a gluten free pie.
Picazzo's is one of my favorite pizza spots for years. Recently, I decide to order healthy and went for one of their salads...the spicy Southwestern Chicken. It was excellent, but when in Rome. Yeah....stick with the pizza. These guys make 5-6 killer pizzas depending on what you are hungry for. 
The ingredients are organic and they offer a gluten-free crust.
We've had take out from Picazzo's quite a bit lately and it has been great every time.  

Appetizers: The artichoke bottoms filled with spinach and artichoke dip are delicious, they are no longer on the menu but so far they have made them for us upon request.  The roasted garlic and brie are my favorite, two heads of roasted garlic and a big warm wedge of brie with some sliced pear - awesome stuff.  Mama's meat-za balls, tender with great flavor and a nice tomato sauce.  You can't go wrong with any of these apps but I do recommend asking for extra bread.

Dinner: The carbonara ravioli are wonderful, Uncle Louie's pasta is delicious - the sausage is broken up in the sauce and the pepper and onion really make the dish.  I have had their brown rice pasta several times and it has never been mushy.

The portions are generous and the food is consistently good.
The prices have gone up a little bit over the last few months.  The Brie & Garlic appetizer is awesome runs about $11.00 high for an app.  The half salads are no longer overflowing like they used to me.  They no longer serve the salads with flat bread.  I had the Kale salad with almonds and cranberries, was a little on the bitter side, but edible.  We ordered a medium veggie gluten free pizza which jumped to $20.00 way higher than before.  Food was good, service was great.  Prices a bit high for the economy.
Certainly a decent option if you are looking for a healthy alternative to all the fast food places nearby. Pizza was good, not great. Salads were a bit underwhelming. The descriptions on the menu are better than the actual item.
Space is nice enough, better for lunch than dinner.
Atmosphere was funky.  We went last week, with two gift certificates from Sunflower Markets.  When our server finally came with extra sighs and huffs of over-work blithering. Before greating us looked at the gift certificates sitting on the table and said 'you can't use those both here'--it's the rules of the owners.  So I asked are we allowed to split checks at a table--'no'.  We can't really comment on the food...the staffer was so rude about it, that we actually walked out.

(We have tried the location at PV Mall...we had a great experience with the atmosphere and server...food was okay: salad-good, GF pizza-below average.)
I had the wedge salad that was very good. My husband had pasta, I dont remember which one.. he said was just ok. 
Next time we need to try the pizza.
The service was good.
I was so glad that my friend suggested that we went there, as she stated she saw a g-free sign. We went for an early dinner, my friend not knowing what gluten is and how it affects one who has celiac if they don't eat g-free. Our waitress Denise was super helpful and took her time, to explain to my friend and also give recommendations on what to eat since my friend and I had never been.  I ordered the shrimp scampi, a few too many capers but still delish and my friend order one of the pizzas that wasn't g-free.  Overall this place awe-amazing! We also ordered the apple crisp dessert with vanilla ice cream, yum!  We ate dinner and dessert for under $40 that's pretty amazing considering it was g-free too. It's hard to find good tasting food in Northern Cali that is g-free and not pricey. If you're in town or a Scottsdale resident it a must to visit, request Denise too :)
I was a regular for a few years. No longer. Take-out is pretty good and the bartenders do a good job. Pizza and salads are really good (other items not so), when they get the order right, but Dine-in usually is a mess. My wife complained by email to he restaurant about bad and rude service as well as an improperly prepared meal that the server argued about. The response she received from the manager basically said that the server was right to be rude as my wife was obviously only looking for a free meal. Not likely to complain by email when looking for a freebie! After perhaps 30 visits it's not likely that the complaint was without merit. Like many good places, Picazzo's has gone way down hill.
We were looking for a good gluten free restaurant for my wife, who is gluten intolerant.  We had a Gorgonzola pear salad, huge portion, and very fresh.  
The gluten free pizza was as good as a regular pizza.  Fabulous crust, fresh ingredients, and good service.   I think we will be back before our vacation is over.
We went to this place for their advertised happy hour, which was stated on the internet as well as a banner out front that it was 4-7pm.  We got there at 6:10pm, sat in the bar.  The waitress walked right past our table, no greeting.  The bartender, no greeting.  After sitting there 15 minutes the bartender came by, again no real greeting.  Handed us menus.  I verified happy hour and he stated 'no that ends at 6'.  I told him about the sign, he shrugged it off and just said 'no, it ends at 6'.  Seriously?  I would never spend my money at a place that doesn't greet you and does not address their false advertising.  Amazing this place stays in business!!
Nice and rare to find a pizza place that's all organic, not to mention the gluten free options! Split the shrimp and pepper pizza and the honey smoked salmon with a friend, they were both really good and we took quite a bit home. Save room for the apple cobbler, it is melt in your mouth and totally worth it.
I stopped in for lunch after hearing several good things about Picazzo's. I was impressed with the decor, it was nothing like I had imagined. It was cute and welcoming. I ordered the salad/pasta lunch special and paid the extra buck for a specialty salad. I went with the chopped italian and it was really good. Perfect amount of dressing and all the things you expect on a chopped salad. I paired it with the spaghetti and chicken picatta which was ok. I didn't really taste any picatta flavor, and it was drenched in oil. I actually ended up with some oil on my shirt, which NEVER comes out for me.  All in all it was a good portion of food and it came with a drink and was a pretty good value. I will have to return to try the pizza and other pasta options, but they definitely sold me on the chopped salad!
Unfortunately I'm still here - couldn't wait to write this review.  Bad service , bad food , small portions of over priced bad food.  In fact my wife's  dish and my dish were so small that combined they would be a smaller lunch entre at most restaurants.  Cafeteria style salad ,  cafeteria scent in the air as you come into this pathetic establishment.   Ordered lemonade - got crystal light .   If I could give it no stars I would ..
The food isn't as good as it use to be and neither is the service. I go there since they have a gluten-free menu, but I have been disappointed the last few times I went there. The bartender has no personality whatsoever. She only seems to be nice to the people she knows.
My mom took me here for lunch a couple of weeks ago. I like how their menu is set-up for lunch. You can choose pizza or pasta, then a salad and your drink for a standard price. There are upgrade items available. I stuck with the basics at the bill was 10.95 plus tax and tip. 

For my entree I choose the curry chicken, mixed green salad and green tea. The food was excellent. I choose the balsamic dressing, which was way too thick for my taste, but it had good flavor. I also enjoyed the tea. 

My only complaint is the service was friendly, but slow. It seemed to take forever to take our order and to get our food.
Absolute horrible service and customer care. Who doesn't let a person know their food is ready for a to go order? This place. Then the manager has the nerve to tell me its my fault? Are you kidding me? I'm.glad I don't live here but if I did I'd never come back. 

Got a refund which the manager tried to argue about not refunding my check for non-existent food.  So I haven't had the food. It looked mediocre at best.
We have been steady customers of Picazzo's since my last review and the menu has gone though a couple of changes but the quality remains the same!

I have been sampling their GF pizzas, the California, Sweet and Sassy and the Fig Gorgonzola - all excellent (better in the restaurant than take out but delicious either way).  They put the artichoke bottoms back on the appetizer menu and I love those though I think you need to have your own stash of corn chips for the dip.  The stuffed peppers are really good too.

Cesar salad full size is huge with a very creamy and substantial dressing, the chicken on top (if you order it) is like a deli thin sliced chicken, delicious but unexpected - my husband thought he was getting a grilled chicken breast.  I tried the chopped kale salad tonight, it was perfectly dressed with a very light oil/vinegar/lemon dressing - fabulous!!

If you're looking for healthy, creative salads, and GF options, Picazzo's is your place.
Our family visits Scottsdale at least once a year for a week's vacation and traditionally Picazzo's is our first night in town dinner, no longer we will replace it with Carrabba's (review to follow).

On prior visits we saw the gluten free options for pasta and pizza on the menu and never really noticed as we do not order gluten free.  On our visit on 12/26/12 we were surprised to see the entire menu now gluten free, and flavor free as well from the dish I had.

I commented to the waiter that I was skeptical about the flavor of quinoa pasta and turkey bolognese but he said it was delicious and I wouldn't notice the difference.  I ordered Uncle Louie's favorite (penne I think with sausage and turkey bolognese) with an open mind only to discover my initial instinct was correct.  The pasta had poor texture and the sauce had no depth of flavor because of the turkey meat instead of beef--I guess beef fat flavor is noticable, who'd a guessed other than chefs for decades.

Given that I was skeptical I thought our server would come by and ask, "how do you like it..." or something similar.  Nope, no pass by, no question as to how it was.

I think the whole organic, gluten-free dining has jumped the shark and become the domain of the pretentious Whole-Foods crowd and has become exemplified at Picazzo's.  There are certainly many options for pizza and Italian in Scottsdale and in this neighborhood to make it easy to not go to Picazzo's. Understanding some like this sort of thing, not me.
I have visited this location of Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen on several occasions.  While I used to enjoy certain appetizers (such as the Italian chicken wings), all dishes are not organic (and gluten free).  The food has always been rather good, and the lunch specials are great!  My friend and I both got the lunch specials today.  For a low price, you get an entree (pasta or slice of pizza), a salad, and a drink.  

A few other perks include happy hour discounts and the rewards program (spend so much and then get money off the next purchase).  There are rarely waits at Picazzo's, and the service has always been good.  They also serve dessert and have a full bar.
I'm not much one for gluten-free or organic food, but I was in the mood for Italian and I stumbled across Picazzo's. Took a seat at the bar and ordered half a wedge salad and the spicy Thai peanut chicken pasta. Service was somewhat slow, but the beer was cold and that helped. The salad came, and it was enormous! Enough for two. The pasta was excellent. Just enough heat and really tasty.
Healthnut salad... delish! Hot chipolte wings... delish!  cucumber breeze or something like that drink... delish!  good happy hour... I forget the hours now...  check the website.  spinach artchoke dip... ehhh... didn't care for it.  Pizza... not bad.  Love the wings... love the health nut salad...  drinks.. yummy too.  Gluten free options... with pasta!  I've had that too... Some sort of spicy chicken pasta...  all organic, can work gluten free...  pretty good...we will go back many times.
Great gluten free options .. Some favorites are pear Gorgonzola salad and create your own gluten free pizza, or lasagna
Gluten free - my favorite restauant in Scottsale, AZ. Always have great food and it's all gluten free! Staff are friendly enough arnd do make sure that the order is correct and if not they do it right (only happened once) and I go there very frequently.The food is TASTY! I always hit that place up when I visit AZ.
The Better Half loves coming to this restaurant and drags me along.   

Some items we've had here:

Classic Stuffed Peppers w/Spicy Pork Sausage (Anaheim Peppers,
Mozzarella, Organic Tomato Sauce, Gluten-Free Flatbread), $9.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=nv5F34QSPe1bAcqUk6NLiA#nv5F34QSPe1bAcqUk6NLiA

Wild Mushroom Rotelli (Porcini, Portobello, Green Peas, Broccoli,
Organic Cream), $13.25
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=1k7X9zfCcyZHlzF0VPtBig#1k7X9zfCcyZHlzF0VPtBig

Meaty Meaty Pizza (Organic Tomato Sauce, Salami, Pepperoni, Canadian Bacon, Italian Pork Sausage, Mozzarella), $18.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=TY8dVugeogNzs3jNxV0Pfg#TY8dVugeogNzs3jNxV0Pfg

Although she's not allergic to Gluten, she enjoys the Gluten Free Pizza here....which I think is bland and lacks taste....

The Stuffed Peppers is awesome, but the Gluten Free Flatbread is crumbly and flavorless....damn, 1/2 this dish is great.

The Wild Mushroom Rotelli is very good.  The Pizza is bland....again, the gluten free Crust is what kills it for me....and I'm a big Pizza Freak, so it's hard for me to type that.

The service here is very good and as long as TBH is happy, I'm happy.

Return Factor - 50%
Really disappointed... Used to go here once a week for lunch. Pizza was soggy the chipotle pasta use to be my favorite they changed it from rigatoni to elbow pasta and totally changed the sauce. It is no longer cheesy and creamy. It had little to no flavor. The only reason I gave it 2 stars bc the Italian chopped salad was good even though less toppings then in the past
This place rocks! Love it!!!
I've been to this Picazzo's many many times.  They have my favorite pizza which is the Puttanesca.  I also love their Berry-Licious salad & the pear gorgonzola salad.  I have noticed that the salads keep getting smaller & smaller & the prices keep going up & up. Don't like that.  I like the gluten-free options & that most of the food is organic.
They have one of the best red sauces I've ever tasted.  Wish I could figure out how to make it.  
Some times the service is great & sometimes not.  One lady in particular has worked there for years & she's not so great.
Overall, when I first started going here when the were opened, I would have given them a 5 start rating, now it's down to a 4-start & that might just be because I'm halfway loyal to them.  Maybe I need to give them a 3 start rating.
We recently have gone to picazzos and have eaten there many times. we purchase the salads and occasionally the pizza  and a appetizer. This time around we ordered wings, pasta and a few pizzas. we were so very much displeased in the meal as we had to throw it out when we boxed it up after not taking a bite of it. It looked like somebody threw up on the plate and served it to you. I assure you, if you can open up a can of spaghetti o's than you would be better off. The wings were terrible and no sauce, luke warm and the meatballs are frozen and not fresh with moldy hard cheese. The thai chicken pizza was a joke and for 30 bucks for something you can get for 15 somewhere else, its just a disappointment. I told the manager and he blew me off and told me to send in pictures of the meal that I was not happy about. who takes pictures of their food after ordering it and not liking it. I somehow knew he would ask me for that and sent them to him, totally busted right. well he came back and told me pretty much tough luck and don't come back. so Please take my advise and don't eat here. You can easily have a better meal at maggianos around the corner, get a steak at capital grill for the same price or other establishments near by. I promise you, you will be disappointed!
Great Gluten free and Organic options for Italian Style restaurant.
Delicious Caesar salad- I have even started eating the kale Caesar, which is amazing! They are really good about asking about food allergies, which is nice for my gluten free friends.
I used to really enjoy my meals, but something struck me strange this visit as I noticed the entire menu is gluten-free. Here's the deal: I need to eat gluten-free food, but everyone in the world does not. The reality is, gluten-free pasta does not taste as good as regular pasta. I know; there was a time I ate it and I miss it. Yes, quinoa itself, not as a noodle, is a tasty grain. Corn as itself, not as a noodle, is tasty, so why is everyone in the world now being subject to gluten-free pastas? I had the eggplant parmesan which was not anything to write home about. I always love their Greek salad. Am I missing a point as to why gluten-free?
I go here a lot!  I can't eat gluten and that makes a typical Italian place, kind of off limits for me..... a problem for this Italian girl!  This restaurant is conveniently located in the Scottsdale Promenade, a nice mix of classy and casual.   The staff is fast and courteous, ALWAYS.  You can sit in the dining room, the bar complete with TV for sports enthusiasts, or  the outdoor patio which is huge and very comfortable with greenery and misters.  But the biggie for me is it has one of the largest gluten free, organic menu's I have seen in Scottsdale.  Sometimes a girl just wants pizza and a beer!!  Here I can have it G-Free and my dinner guest can go all wheat bellie crazy.
19.60 for the pizza the size of a pen and it took too long
It seems this chain is grasping at trying to remain relevant.  People who have been here before revel in the old days when it was about good organic/natural pizza, made on a thin crust, not commercially formed, with great choice of sauces, red or white or none at all.  That was then... Today, the whole menu is so overboard with Gluten Free, I believe they even advertise their water as being Gluten Free, that it's impossible to understand... If you are part of the .75 % of America that is Gluten Intolerant, then this is your Restuarant of choice.  The other 99.25% might find it easier to dine elsewhere.  The regular "Gluten" menu is however, very good.  I personally tend to prefer the thin crust, coal fired brick oven type of Brooklyn Style pizza, so this place is close, just not the same, and they do have a good choice, once you get through the Gluten Maze.
Holy de-lish! We love Picazzo's and we don't have to feel guilty about it because most of the menu is gluten-free and at least semi-healthy(ish). All of the pastas and salads are extra yummy. For desert, try the sundae with Haagen Dazs vanilla ice cream and organic chocolate mint syrup. Yum!

Everything is delicious and reasonably priced. Definitely one of my favorite local chains in Scottsdale. Naomi Garnice gives it five stars.
A solid work day lunch menu and price point.  Think of it as a place to go when you want something better then those NY slice places but don't want to commit to a larger price and pizza that comes with some of the better Neapolitan inspired places in town.
I frankly can't believe that so many reviewers gave this joint a good review.  We arrive there this past Saturday night at 5:30 p.m. to take advantage of their half-price appetizers, which are over at 6 p.m.  It took a good ten minutes for the waitress to come get our drink order. ($2.95 for a tiny glass of diet coke...I don't care if it's refillable...you can get diet coke in any number of nice restaurants, without having to pay an arm and a leg for it.)  It took another ten minutes to get the drinks.  She asked if we were ready to order and when we said we wanted the half-price appetizers, she had the nerve to look at her watch and say it was 6 and that she would have to check to see if she could serve them half price.  Well, it WASN'T 6, it was 10 to 6.  As I started to give my order, the first word out of my mouth was that we needed separate checks.  My friend ordered the stuffed pepper appetizer and I ordered a half salad, with a side of grilled Portobello mushrooms.  One of our friends ordered a flatbread appetizer and the other ordered the Portobello appetizer drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  We waited for our food.  And waited.  And waited. We finally called over one of the other waiters, after about twenty minutes, to ask where the food was.  Well, lo and behold, it came right out!!!  Instead of bringing me the grilled portobellos, as requested, they brought me the Portobello appetizer.  When I told the fellows who brought out the food, that my order was wrong, they quickly fixed it, so that was good.  I asked my friend how her stuffed pepper was, and, while she told me it tasted good, she only had a tiny piece of sausage "stuffed" in the pepper.  My friend who ordered the flatbread appetizer was satisfied, as was I with my salad.  My other friend, who had ordered the Portobello appetizer, then ordered a pizza with the fellow (yes, we never saw our waitress again!), and we had to wait ANOTHER half hour for the pizza.  No wonder there were empty tables there on a Saturday night...other people must have experienced their wonderful service, too.  Stay away from this place...if you want a gluten-free pizza, ask Whole Foods to bake you one...I guarantee you will be happy with it.

P.S.  Of course, it came with one check...but, once again, the fellows who were helping us were nice and separated the checks.
Can't imagine why this great place has only three stars!  Two of us shared an Italian Chopped Salad and it was delicious.  One of the best I have ever eaten.  Service was very good - price was more than reasonable.  

We will be back!!
Had a lunch meeting with a friend. Ordered the cheese slice with a salad with Blue Cheese. Beverage of choice was Green Tea. The meal was very tasty, slice of pizza very adequate and the salad was also of nice proportion. The meal was filling and I didn't leave over stuffed like you sometime do after pizza. The meal was very healthy with all items organic.
Hummm. Large pepperoni pizza for $24.00. Taste was average and their large size is medium. Disappointing.
I actually liked the food a lot however when I decided to take my wife there tonight, they decided to be closed, almost an hour early, and for that they receive an epic fail
At this point, I'd say Picazzo's is my favorite restaurant.  I've been there about six times
and it never disappoints me.  Happy hour is great with the (half-priced) Brie/roasted garlic, a fav, and for lunch I've especially savored the lasagna.  The thing I most appreciate is how healthy I feel after I'm done.  Been said before but I wanted to chime in.  Really like!
Drove all the way from Chandler got there at 8:00 and was told they closed. It was an hour before all posted closing times. I work in a restaurant and can understand if we got there 30 min before closing but an hour is just ridiculous to turn customers away. Very disappointed.
Food was excellent! Service at the bar by Kim H was terrible. We saw our kale salad sit in the window for about 5 minutes before it was brought out. Then patiently awaited our Uncle Louie's favorite pasta for another 10 minutes which sat in the window to get cold. It tasted great but could have been warmer. Would have been nice if she had checked on us and refilled my husbands beer he asked for. Not until the last 2 bites of pasta did she check to see how we were doing... Too late to have another beer with dinner and ask for another piece of bread. Then took forever to run our credit card. With 6 people at the bar she much have been overwhelmed!!! I'll be back to another restaurant for the food but not this location.
Love the lunch specials here.  Such a great spot for lunch and the food is delicious.  The service has always been great too.
Gluten free everything!!! 
 -pizza
 -croutons
 -ALL desserts
 -pasta

The best part is it tastes great! This place is perfect for my boyfriend and I. We are both gluten intolerant and they really understand how to make the food taste amazing and they have tons of options!
I know gluten free food isn't always the most flavorful but I have to say I did not find the gluten free pizza to be appetizing at all. Not only did I not like the taste, it actually made me sick to my stomach! Now I must admit the salads are pretty good - I like their wedge and the Italian chopped salad but I am not a fan of the pizza...
Pizza that is fold-able gets 5 stars in my book. The service was a little slow, but in their defense, the place was packed. I will definitely go back.

Also, their lemonade is fantastic.
We were shopping in the area and decided that we were in need of refueling, so we stopped off here to grab a bite. We were greeted right away and opted to sit outside on the porch.

Our waitress was out within a minute or so and took our drink orders and filled us in on the daily specials. She was very friendly. I decided on the Chicken Piccata and he decided on the Lasagna - both came with salads, we went with Caesar. 

The piccata was my favorite dish and there was a slight hint of lemon to the sauce, which really kicked up the flavor in my book.  The chicken was obviously fresh and it was cut into perfect bite sized pieces, so no knife needed on this dish!  His lasagna was good, but just wasn't anything to write home about - although I would probably order it again if I was in the mood for a red sauce dish!

The porch atmosphere was nice, but the tables felt really crowded.  There were high tops, as well as, regular tables all lined up in a row and when people walked by it was pretty much assured you were going to get bumped into.  The day was perfect for sitting outside though, so it was worth it!

We were semi-disappointed that they didn't offer a tiramisu dish, but the apple dessert did sound good and may have to happen next go around.

Overall: A-
A touch crowded porch couldn't damper a good meal with a great view and friendly service!
Anytime I'm in Scottsdale for work I stop in for dinner. Traveling alone for business can be lonely, but the bartenders Nick and Amir are awesome, and the wait staff is super friendly and make you feel so welcome. I love the happy hour menu. The caprese salad and turkey meatballs are two of my favorites. The last time I was in I had the baked wings and they were really tasty and light. I'd recommend this place for anyone looking for fresh, organic Italian food, and it's also great for those with gluten sensitivities because there's so many gluten-free items on the menu to choose from!
Love this place! We order at least once a week & have everything delivered thanks to azfood.com. Everything always tastes fresh & delicious! Highly recommend.
Great lunch spot. Wonderful salads. Friendly and efficient staff. Lots of other menu options too. Good for take out too. 
One of the best kale salads I have ever had.
Pizza is so good!  We sat at the bar and Nick took good care of us.  He even made a custom drink for my friend.  Would definitely come back when in the area.
This place never disappoints!  Try the Indian Curry pizza it is fabulous! Also this place IS NOT closed...thank god!
LOVE this place! Excellent service and food. Came to this location for lunch and had a slice of cheese pizza and greek side salad. Dee-licious! Pricing is very fair too! The Tatum and Cactus location has the cutest little cozy bar and a perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine and have a great convo with the bartender. Highly Recommended!
Best gluten free food! Awesome happy hour, gluten free appetizers, pizza, salads... awesome everything. Love that I don't have to worry about what I'm eating here, basically everything is gluten free! Love all their locations, great restaurant.
Lunch or Dinner, the place serves great pizza. Their salads are huge in portions and can be easily split for 2 people.  Getting back to pizza: everything from the dough to cheeses to toppings, all fresh and tasty. If you want 'healthy' pizza, this place is it.  If on the other hand you want NY or Chicago or Sicilian pizza, look elsewhere.
My husband and I both thought the food was great.  And how amazing that its organic and gluten free!  Perfect for the health food nuts out there!
After a long day and for kicks my wife and I decided on Pizza and figured that we'd go to Grimaldis. Unfortunately it was a 45 minute wait and we were starving so we decided to go elsewhere. Bad idea. Now I've been to this place a few times and so getting in and seated wasn't a problem, especially for a Friday night. The food is usually quite good and the pizza is excellent. 

Whilst the food is good the service was absolutely lacking tonight. Don't know if that's a common practice for this establishment but we got seated and after about 8 minutes still hadn't been acknowledged by any of the wait staff or given any water. My wife hadn't eaten since 9am, and it'd been about 7 hours for me. We weren't exactly in a mood to be ignored but we were. Three waitresses passed by us and nothing. NOTHING! What on earth is going on here? 

So we got up and left....

Then the hostess thanked us for coming in and I thanked her for not serving us. We're starving and we decided to go home.

Papa Johns delivers and he's never let us down.

Take a lesson Picazzos....get your act together or give up the ghost.
My favorite place to eat! Organic delicious salads and pizza. Also has great gluten free options.
I personally think Picazzo's food is not bad at all. My group of friends came in on a Monday night around 8PM so of course it wasn't busy. We got seated right away and our server was friendly and pretty funny. Two of my friends got a large pizza, half was chipotle and the other half was spicy Thai peanut sauce ( or something like that). I tried and thought it was very good. It was different from traditional pizzas, the hand tossed crust was to die for. Another friend of ours can't eat gluten so he got a gluten-free crust pepperoni and I, of course, had to get my greedy hand on it and it was tasty. I, myself, got an appetizer which was the Spicy Thai Peanut chicken wings. There were about 8 to 10 wings for 12 dollars, hm...a little bit pricey but was worthwhile. The flavor was different, but good. The wings were not breaded, but were crunchy.

I guess I gave a 4 star because it's a little pricey...I know it's Scottsdale, organic and everything, but for a meal and a beer, you can easily pay 40 bucks, which is, to me, not a daily thing. 

But in general, I'd recommend this restaurant. I will continue to come back.
I definitely would not recommend this restaurant. In fact I would recommend not coming here, because they have some of the worst service I have seen.

I visited with a bunch of people and it was my first visit. This restaurant doesn't seem equipped to handle large parties. The seating arrangement was uncomfortable, but the real problem was that we had a waitress who never checked on us. I was unable to get a refill for my meal, which really bothered me. I was then offended that they automatically charged us an 18% tip. That is unacceptable considering that she never checked on us at all.

The prices are pretty high. My wife and I paid about $50 and we didn't really get a lot. The food itself wasn't bad and is the only reason I give this place a slightly higher rating, but I still feel that they ripped my wife and myself off. I have written to this place telling about my unsatisfactory experience, but have yet to receive a reply and I doubt I will. Avoid this place. They care nothing for their customers.
I ordered the lasagna bolognese and it was scorched. Instant buyer's remorse.  The lone bright spot was our waitress who was quite attentive and friendly.

We won't be patronizing Picazzo anytime in the foreseeable future.
Pasta was okay, tasted like what I'd make at home after a trip to whole foods. The gluten free bread was awesome and definitely the best part of the meal!
Delicious organic Italian food! Awesome vegan options for an Italian restaurant! Picazzo's definitely catered to my needs and cravings of a good pizza. My friends and I ordered a custom vegan pizza that was so delicious!! They also have a beautiful organic cocktail menu.

Its a little pricy but definitely worth it!
Chicken piccata was delicious. Gluten free pasta is the the only choice but I couldn't tell the difference. Place is cute and family friendly. Bar is offered off to the side and provided lots of drink options. Plethora of vegetarian and gluten free options while still providing options for the meat lovers!
My friend and I enjoyed dinner here. She ordered the chicken piccata, and thought it was good. She is very Italian, so that is saying something ;) I was very excited about the menu because there are so many vegetarian options! I had the seven veggie pasta. It came out very warm. The spices were just right. My preference is to have a lot of sauce (or gravy), and this didn't. If you like a lot too, ask for a little extra. They have a new ginger beer on the menu. It is very big (16 ounces and 48 grams of sugar), so it can be shared. It is a twist off top that wasn't opened when brought to the table. That was strange for a restaurant. Our server was a sweet girl. She was very quiet though. Didn't say anything beyond simple questions. I look forward to going back to trying all the other gluten free, veggie options.
Love that they are organic and have allergy free options. Pricey, but its organic with top of the line ingredients. great place for special occasions. Disappointed that many of there locations have closed down.
Fresh and tasty food. Lunch special is a good deal.  Our waitress was fast and friendly. Greens are sourced from Arizona farmers. I would definitely come back!
The WORST dining experience of my life. My salad was like a left over from the '70's. Some wilted lettuce, mushy chunk of avocado, a couple of apple chucks and topped with mushy tomato slices. Bottled salad dressing. Hubby's ravioli had a white sauce that reminded me of a home economics class in high school.
Moving along, the acoustics in the space are horrific, so there is a cacophony of noise assaulting you throughout the meal.
Top it off with a table of the most ignorant young couples who thought that their children's scccreammmming was the cutest thing since hand to hand combat. A good restaurant knows how to politely and diplomatically tell unruly customers that they are disturbing the other diners.
Just because they stick 'organic' in their name does not give a restaurant the right to cook very badly!!!
When I told the waitress this was our first visit, she said nothing in the way of introducing the restaurant to us.
I don't know how to drill it into my friends that I've met here in Arizona...PEI WEI AND PF CHANG'S IS  N O T AUTHENTIC CHINESE FOOD.

I've gone here 4 times, each with different friends and *gasp* my husband. This is the one place where he and I don't see eye to eye on. I told him after my last time there if he wants to go, he will have to find friends to go with. I'll be anywhere but there.

I've had their pad thai with chicken, fried rice with shrimp, ginger broccoli and asian coconut curry...each time I've been massively disappointed.

With their pad thai, there was an over abundane of sauce that should not be soaking into my food. It was extremely bitter and a bit sour as well. The chicken had been overdone.  yuck.

Their fried rice with shrimp was ok, even though I had specifically asked that no scallions and no peppers be put in (peppers in my friend rice?  WTF?!). It was bogged down with far too much soy sauce for my liking. Like they had literally soaked it over night in soy sauce. I could manage to eat half of it before the soy sauce made me stop.

The other dishes were passable, but again, I won't be going back here voluntarily. I think I'd rather eat at California Pizza Kitchen before ever setting foot in here again...actually, I think I may actually go to Rumbi's before Pei Wei.

The atmosphere wasn't so bad, but it was loud. The open kitchen and hearing all the clattering of plates can get to you after a while. Mercifully the times I've been there were no screaming children, but I've heard horror stories from some friends that go there on a regular basis. I've been lucky.

I just could never get a feel for the place - I never bonded with it. Maybe because it just never felt like fully authentic Chinese food.

I can't quite put my finger on it, but this place is way off for me.
This place is either hit or miss. The first time I was here my soba was soo salty that I couldn't finish my noodles, and I'm a girl that loves her noddles. I came back again, and got the curry and it was really pretty decent. I friend ordered the pad thai, and I know its not authentic, but there was something in the sauce that made me think, wow, maybe this place isn't as bad as I thought. 

I went back earlier this week to get my own pad thai and was disappointed once again. I don't know if its the change in the moon cycle, the way the wind blows, or which chef is making the food, but it totally stumps me how this place can be so on and off. Overall, more off times than on, so I'm going with 2 stars.
The manager and staff here are so nice. There was this one time thou that we were waiting for take out and this couple that appeared to be in their 20's was making out in the corner while they waited for their food. I wanted to barf and no one told them to stop so that the rest of us didn't loose it. Who does that in a public in a restaurant? :s 

Anyway. The first time I came here I got the beef and broccoli and hated it, but now I always get the crispy honey chicken and always leave satisfied. Not authentic but I wasn't expecting it to be.

And one time the manager have us a $10 gift card because the guy sitting next to us was acting like a complete jerk.
First, a comment to the other reviews on here.  Duh, it's not authentic.  Everyone knows that, and you don't go here for "authentic" Chinese cuisine.  That's what dim sum is for.  Also, if you were so disgusted about people making out in the corner, why didn't YOU say anything?  I bet the employees were equally shocked, and uncertain of how to handle the issue.

That being put aside, I really do enjoy Pei Wei.  They have good food for a really good price, and it's usually in and out real quick, except friday and saturday nights.

Not quite a five star rating, since there's not a ton of seating space at this location and it seems like the people bringing your food usually get the tables wrong, but those are minor complaints.
Consistency is the key here.  I've had fabulous dishes here and the next time, not so much.  To be fair, the last time I was there , the manager noticed I didn't eat very much and asked me why & when I  told her it just wasn't very good, she was very apologetic, immediately refunded me and offered me a free dish of anything on the menu.  I know its not "Authentic" but read the health inspection reports of most of the 'Authentic' Chinese places, I pass on most of them.  This is the same food as PF Changs, just a lot cheaper and smaller selection.
love this place. they have gluten free food! and they save your take out order in the computer so double bonus for me. we eat here all the time everyone in the family loves this place. 
they do not have gluten free soy sauce anymore.
Pei Wei Pros:
1. Can be ordered online (convenience of point-and-click, all information saved in a profile, don't even have to type in my phone number. Gold star!)
2. Can be chosen on autopilot (one of those default take-out options for when there is nothing in the fridge to prepare, you don't want to spend too much on dinner, and making a real decision is just NOT in the cards. Rackin' up the brownie points.)
3. Can be acquired rapidly (location dangerously close to my home, with its own take-out entrance for those of us who like to pick up said take-out in our muu-muus. Check and mate.)

Pei Wei Cons:
1. Never the same dish twice (utter lack of consistency in food preparation is gob-smacking. Huh.)
2. What was your name again? (on the busier take-out nights, orders can get lost in the shuffle, and one might end up standing around in public longer than anticipated in a particularly unflattering muu-muu. Look at your own risk.)
3.  Hey Kids! Get off my... me! (the family-friendly nature of Pei Wei has made it a popular choice, and that's fine... but sometimes it gets a bit loud and crowded in the dining room which is why I tend to pick the food up.)

Let's call it an even draw for Pei Wei.
pf changes but faster, right?  decent prices and pretty good food.  not paying for the crowded atmostphere of course, but the food is really consistent so if you find something you like (which you probably will) it is a good consistent chow hole...
Finally tried Pei Wei and overall we were very pleased.  I ordered the Spicy Ramen Noodle bowl which was not overly spicy, and tasted good.  Others ordered the Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and several appetizers of egg roll, lettuce wraps, and edamame.  Everything was good.  You can also opt for brown rice instead of white rice for a healthier route.  What amused me a lot were the Touch Screen Soda machines that had many varieties carried by Coca-Cola.  It was pretty cool!

Overall, good food, good service, okay prices.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed--pretty popular place.

Entirely satisfactory completely-Americanized Asian food. Clean, hot, and pretty good. The sesame chicken was good.
The veggie tofu coconut curry is fab. Ordered with extra shrimp and extra veggies and me and my sweetheart have the perfect meal. Thank you Maggie for ensuring that we had everything we wanted. The service was wonderful.
This location is always busy, usually order food to go. Always get teriyaki Tofu and it is hit or miss depending on the cooks that night. 

Customer service is the same way, some days your order is ready on time and correct and other days you wait 20 minutes past the pick up time for your food which turns out to be wrong anyways. 

Order from them less often than I would like to due to issues, Quick take out runs that turn into an hour long ordeal are never fun.
Very good Asian food.   I have eaten several of the entrees; all good and tasty.    Quick service; outside dinning;    If you have not tried Pei Wei I recommend you do; I think you will be surprised.
What exactly they put in their food that makes me love this place so much, I will never understand. It's simple, it's quick, it's yummy, and it's the same at every one of their locations. The people are nice, the place is clean and they have lots of locations. The portions are not giant, but more than you need at one meal. Prices are reasonable and everything is fresh.
A very cool concept of a new age Chinese food!!!!!
After hearing a lot about Pei Wei over the years, I went in with high expectations. Those expectations did not include getting stabbed in the mouth with a chicken bone left in my salad.

But let me back up...
I got the Asian Chopped Chicken Salad and G got Pei Wei Chicken Spicy. The portion of salad is huge, but mostly lettuce. Second bite and I get stabbed in the inside of my cheek with a chicken bone that was 1-1/2" long. G addressed the issue with one of the bussers and they took it away and brought me a new salad. This one had a noticeable lack of meat (afraid of a repeat?). It was also missing in taste... it was very boring. The Pei Wei Spicy was decent.

G tricked me in to going to Pei Wei a second time later that week. I thought we were going next door to the pizza place (Sauce?), but no, we went to Pei Wei so I could experience it a second time and hopefully "get" why G likes it so much. 

The second time I got the Orange Peel Chicken and G got the Thai Dynamite with Chicken. Both were very tasty with good selections of chicken. I think I'll go with the Thai Dynamite next time, but both were good.

Aside from the chicken bone incident, I think Pei Wei is ok, but could be a lot better if you could choose a heat rating. Their "spicy" plates just aren't that spicy at all and since I am a wimp, that is saying something. 

I'll be back, but it isn't something I crave.
The  first  two  times  I  went  there  it  was  ok  but  yesterday  I  decided  not  to  come  back:  I  ordered  the  "Cashew nut  chicken"   and  what  I  got  where  chunks  of  deep  fried  chicken  fat  (the  stuff  that  i  usually  cut  off  and  give  to my  dogs),  no  white  meat,  just  disgusting  chicken  garbage.   Altogether  there  were  7  cashew nuts  on  my  plate  (yes,  I  counted  them).   When  i  received  my  dish  my  wife  had  already  finished  her  dish  because  they  did  not serve  our  dishes  at  the  same  time.  

 Nobody  came  to  ask  if  we  liked  the  food,  what  I  was  hoping  for,  instead  someone  threw  a  comments  card  onto  our  table.
Food is outstanding the nice thing is you get choices from different parts of Asia. The prices are reasonably with big portions. The Dan Dan noodles are a favorite the lettuce wraps are good too, fried rice is tasty. The one bad flaw of this location is that at certain times the goes outside the door which can be annoying.
I love all the options this place offers. It is Asian as in you can get Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese food. I bet I am leaving some country out, but you get the picture. The service is good. I think the atmosphere is fun and different. It is an up scale fast food. The price is good for the quality and portions. I got a coupon to try the Thai basil chicken for FREE and thought it was great. I would order this again and I think it may have been better than the ones I have had at an actual Thai restaurant. The machine for their drinks is really cool because it is touch screen, nice!
It is Pei Wei...there is not much to describe or tell.  The food is salty and oily, but that should be expected.  The price is good for what you get.  I like having the to-go option.
I've been eating at this joint for a while now. I just tried the Thai coconut curry once with noodles and chicken and it was spicy, i like spicy. Didn't like the noodles or chicken. The second time with rice and steak. Way better just not spicy enough. Love the honey seared chicken.
Love this place! I had a coupon for buy one entree get one free, but the bar code wasn't on my email & I couldn't get one to pull up on my phone. The manager took the meal off our bill anyway, even though we were going to eat there anyway. And the food was awesome as always.
This is usually my take out place of choice. It's quick, inexpensive, close, and delicious. I usually get the shrimp lo mein. Now I'll be honest, there are so many white and green onions that I smell like an onion for hours! But I still get it, it's so tasty! :-)

It's a little too crowded and noisey for me to want to stay and eat if it's after 3pm. The fact that it is crowded is a good thing and says people like to eat their food, however, it's cramped and things are always being dropped and people are always pushing past your table.
always good food at great prices. Good music and enviroment. I enjoy seeing the chefs cook.
I was so disappointed the last time I came here. I ordered a vegetarian dish with fried tofu and had a piece of chicken in the dish.  The cooks need to be a little more aware and make sure nothing remains on the wok before they prepare the next meal. I would like to note to that it is not an issue because there is a dead chicken in my food but because if I eat meat I get a terrible tummy ache.  And no one wants a tummy ache.
We have never had a bad experience here, neither with food nor service. Yum! I highly recommend the Sea Bass, if you can afford a little extra.
I am addicted to this place!
I am usually very satisfied with my Pei Wei experience however today that was not the case.  To start with we noticed a sign to receive 20% off our order by signing up via facebook.  My wife signed up on her phone and received a code.  When we presented the code to the cashier she would not take it and said we needed a bar code, strike one.  When we received our food the vegetables were severely under-cooked, strike two.  Then when tasting the two spicy dishes we ordered they were sweet and not spicy at all, strike three.  I am very dissatisfied with my experience and am very doubtful to return.  Most coupons can be redeemed from mobile devices these days.  It is better for the environment, cmon Pei Wei, get on board!
Great food
The food is consistently good, the portions are large and staff are always friendly. The Spicy Chicken and Kung Pow are some of my favorites. I typically prefer hole-in-the-wall Asian spots but this is a safe bet.
We normally love Pei Wei but yesterday when we went we ordered our normal order of chicken fried rice and pot stickers. When we got our fried rice there was a hair at least 4" long weaves through the rice. So disgusting, I took the plate over to a server standing next to the manager and tried to get the managers' attention (he ignored me) so I pulled the hair out of the rice and showed the the server. She took the plate from me not saying a word and followed me back to our table to pick up the bowl and took it back to the kitchen. I had to ask her a few minutes later if they were remaking it an she nodded yes. The manager never came over to our table and seemed to hide in the back until his shift ended. 
One of our favorite restaurants and we will not be visiting for awhile!
I moved away for a year, and looked forward to eating here, but was disappointed, I'm wondering if the have changed ownership or are cutting corners??
You've failed me three times too many Pei Wei.

I used to crave your Thai Dynamite. The formerly juicy delight was dry with little to no sauce at all. The once crispy chicken had random bites where the breading was a mess of powdery and damp as if it weren't fully cooked.

I don't know what has happened over the years but the steady decline in quality really saddens me.

The one saving grace this last time was that the rice was at least cooked properly. I don't know if it's a California Pei Wei thing to over/under cook the rice, but at least they can do it right in Arizona (which is very surprising...). But is it really a victory if you have moved up to mediocre?

As a side note I should have known something was awry when the person taking my order corrected my order and told me it was 'thigh' Dynamite. Maybe she was warning me.
Love Pei Wei.  Always busy though.  Pei Wei spicy chicken with white rice. . .delicious.
Not what I expected.  Food was good, but nothing special.  Portions seemed small.  I really did not expect the stand in line to place your order, go find a seat and wait for someone to bring your food, and then you never get spoken to again. Reminds me of McDonalds.  We got Thai Dynamite, which sounds spicy, but was bland, and sesame chicken, which was so so.
While we were there, we saw someone spill a large amount of salt or sugar on the floor right by a door.  Saw a server going out the door about fall, and then 4 employees walk by it before it got cleaned up around 5-10 minutes later.  Lawsuit waiting to happen.
Don't think we'll go back :(
The food here was ok, maybe just a touch better than Panda Express or similar fare, but not great. I guess if you're looking a slightly fresher alternative to Panda Express, this would be it.
You can never go wrong with this place, the food is fresh and no matter the location, it always tastes the same. I have been a customer for the past 8 years and I'm always happy. Once in a while you'll get the new cook that somehow messes up the dish, but they are always fast to make up for it. Great service and good food served fast. I might add that some dishes are better here than in PF Changs!
I love Pei Wei and the Dana Park location is great!  They have a few menu items for vegetarians so it's always a good place to go with a group.  

It's super easy to go online and order take out - the pickup counter never has a line. 

The only thing I don't like about this restaurant is the noise factor.  It is always very loud!  For that reason I usually sit outside, but sometimes it's just too hot.
I wasn't sure how many stars to rate my experience at this Pei Wei yesterday. The food my boyfriend and I ordered tasted good (Kung-Pao Chicken & Coconut Curry Chicken), but there were some issues.

First off, when I go out to eat, I try to stick to drinking water. Not because I'm cheap, but because it's healthier (and the amount of Splenda I require for iced tea is pretty ridiculous). So when the order-taker girl asked if I wanted a drink, I requested just a cup for water. I was surprised when I was given a full-sized paper cup, usually it's a tiny plastic thing. Ok, well that's cool, whatever. So when my boyfriend asked for a water cup as well, she said "No, I can't.". I couldn't believe it! My boyfriend looked at me in disbelief as we walked off, but I was kind of tempted to make a bit of a scene. Like, "What do you mean, 'No, I can't'? Are you telling me I have to SHARE a cup with this guy and get his cooties???"   Lol... anyway...

So yeah, that was pretty bizarre to me, and needless to say, we had to refill our ONE water cup at least five times.

So I was maybe 1/3 of the way through my Coconut Chicken Curry and I spotted a hair. Just great. I pulled it out and inspected it. Long, thin, light brown hair, maybe  6". I have long, dark brown (almost black) hair, so not mine, but the fact that it was completely buried in the food erased any doubts that I may have had about that. I took it and my plate up to the order-taker girl and showed her the hair. She said, "Oh, ok.", took the plate from me and walked off. I returned to my table, not 100% sure about what was going to be done. The manager (I'm assuming) finally came by and asked if I wanted a remake. Well, yes I did. I was also offered my money back on the meal, which was the proper way to handle this situation. I wasn't mad, it happens. My hair finds its way all over my house, so I can't really judge too hard on that. I was more annoyed with the order-taker girl and her lack of customer service skills.

So would I eat here again? Yeah, I probably would someday, if I had a coupon.
Well Pei Wei in itself is awesome.. I enjoy the food. This review is for this particular location ONLY. My boyfriend and I eat Pei Wei 2-4 times a month. I live about a mile and a half away from the Dana Park location. We do take out every time and every time I get the same thing, orange peel steak. I do not like rice (yes, I know, I know) so I always order mine on the side and give it to someone else. So basically one time I picked up the order, rice was on the side but when I got home I noticed they must have messed up and initially mixed it with the meal because I had rice with my steak, but they scraped off as much as possible. I let it go, I was too lazy to get dressed, grab my keys and head out. Well it happened a second time and the more I thought about someone sitting there scraping rice off my food the more pissed I got. The manager was there, I told her what had happened and that this was the second occasion for this. She had them remake the steak and sent me on my merry little way. It is not my style to be rude when someone messes up but geez offer me a soda when I am sitting there, throw in a 20 percent off coupon for the next order, or comp the entree you messed up! I am not one who is looking for freebies or else I would have taken my food back the first time this happened. The managers non-apologetic, blah-zeh attitude about THEIR mistake left me with a bad taste. I will be traveling 3 miles out of my way to the other location from now on.
Always enjoy eating here.
So my wife and I were are on a typical date night and craving Pei Wei so we decided to head on down to the Dana Park location. We entered knowing that Saturday night is a busy night for them so we were planning on a wait. At first everything seemed fine and then we ordered and I got a feeling that the girl who took our order just didn't care about anything just wanted us to hurry the heck up. She didn't welcome us or even make eye contact. Then we went to sit and couldn't find a clean table outside so we had settled for the one that was the easiest for us to clean. The customer service must have been just out the window for them tonight. Then we received the food extremely fast, all at once. We ordered lettuce wraps, chicken fried rice, orange peel chicken, and Kung pow chicken. The lettuce wraps were really good but shorted on some wraps so off to a ok start. Then we started with the Kung pow which tasted burnt or "like they made it with their butt" as my wife says. The orange peel was okay not good...just okay. The white rice on both entries was hard and felt like it sat around for a while before being served to us. Then last but not least the chicken fried rice, which was good. I wish all of the entrees were as good as this.  I hope they improve the customer service on the weekend. I know that it is busy but would it kill your servers to be happy and at least pay a little attention to the customers? As a customer I know it's going to take longer for food to come out and I wish our food would have took longer to be served because I know if it had came out a little slower the cooks would have put a little more heart and pride into what they are cooking rather than just shoveling crap out. I guess we will have to try this place in another 6 months. Maybe. (Just cause the fried rice was good)
Busy night here. Went in the front door and waited about 15 mins in line to order. Then found out we has to wait in a different line to actually since our order was to go. Another 10 mins waiting in that line before we could order.  I can see where this model would be better than the normal pick-up only window, but they definitely don't display it well. 

The food is usually good so I'll update the review after we eat.
Best Pei Wei I go to. I order a weird meal, and they always get everything right. My fried rice has chicken, beef, and shrimp. Most other Pei Wei's charge extra for "extra protein" and there is far too much in the bowl. This one rings it up at the same price and splits the meat into thirds so you are not getting a bowl of meat. Service is always great, lines are long (because its good), we will keep on coming back again and again.
P.F. Changs but fast-casual. The orange chicken is a stand by that we enjoy, we like to sub out the white rice for the fried rice. The wonton soup is great. Love the lettuce wraps.

This location can get very, very busy. The take out counter can get slammed and you have to help them find your order :) sometimes the pickup time can be an hour after your order on busy weekend nights so plan ahead.

Dana Park's parking can also get very busy, Pei Wei has a nice amount of reserved parking for take out orders which is very convenient.
Customer service when taking my order was good- the gentlemen behind the counter was attentive. 
The food on the other hand- 
The tofu in our dish was grouped into clusters and burnt! Upon explaining & showing this to the cashier, we were given a refund but NO apology. They're so busy that quality seems to have gone out the window. 
2 stars. Very disappointed.
Cannot request level of spiciness of the pad Thai when ordering online. I wanted no spicy but it wasnt too bad anyway. I can deal w a little spice.
I have to give this place 2 stars solely based on my most recent visit. Normally, I get the orange peel chicken and it has always been good! Recently I've been on a tofu kick so I decided to give the tofu here a try instead of chicken. BAD CHOICE!!! The tofu came out in thin little burnt strips. I also tried the hot and sour soup which was also a disappointment.
Great take out. Wide variety of things on menus. Will work with you on what ever you like.
Great Mongolian chicken or beef. We also get the honey seared chicken. The wonton soup and lettuce wraps are a great start.
Great food. I love how they are expanding their menu to become more vertical in the different Asian cuisines. 
Great service as well!
So, I've heard a lot of good things about this place and since I've lived near Dana Park for the past few years, I decided to try it. My food was good. It wasn't worth what I paid for it, but it was good. It was my first time and I was expecting a sit-down place from all the hype and I wasn't sure how to order. I explained that it was my first time to the woman behind the counter and she was a rude idiot. I was not pleased with the customer service at all. A woman was hovering over me so she could take my plate when I wasn't even done eating. I will probably not be back. I can go to Panda Express and have mediocre and overpriced Chinese food without a terrible dining experience.
Not sure why I waited 5 years to eat here living nearby the whole time but had a great lunch! Pei wei spicy chicken w peepods carrots and white rice lunch size with a drink for less than $10. I like that I can actually tell I'm eating white meat chicken! Very fresh and tasty but next time I will go for extra spicy option, although very flavorful the chicken was barely spicy. From what I saw at other tables, I'll be coming back to try more!
This New England breakfast kitchen is hidden away in the back of a old shopping center in Las Vegas's Chinatown.  I've literally regularly eaten at a restaurant not more than 10 feet away and not even noticed the place...until recently when it made the annual Best of Las Vegas list.  

As soon as I walked in to the restaraunt, I felt transported from Las Vegas into a little dollhouse, in fact, it was quite a creepy feeling. Aside from the gaudy decor however, the service and food is excellent.  The waitresses are all very nice and give you the service that you rarely find outside of a family owned business and rarely find in Las Vegas.  The food is what I guess you'd call New England breakfast comfort food; stuffed french toast with cream cheese and strawberries, fried french toast with cheese and ham...you get the point.  But the food truly is delicious and so much better than the IHOPs and Denny's you'd other wise go to.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! For the past 6 months this has been my go to breakfast spot. I am almost afraid to review this place because it is already a hot spot that is very small. ( I know I seem selfish, but I'm not )

My GF says they have the best eggs-benedict she's ever had. I also think the are quite amazing. I must suggest the 1lb. maple ham steak breakfast. It is HUGE!! I also have had the biscuits and gravy. They are homemade and tasty. The stuffed french toast is awesome with fresh strawberries not that jelly crap. I just recently had the cinnamon-raisin french toast. They serve pure Vermont maple syrup which is great even though I eat mine with lots of powdered sugar. 

They also serve lunch which I keep saying I'm gonna try but I can get away from the breakfast.

Make sure you prepare to wait for a few mins as this place is small and usually packed. 

Oh ya and don't go on Monday like I did once, because you will be locked outside and very hungry.
I've been seeing advertisements for The Maple Tree a lot lately, but it's really Cameron G.'s review that really got my attention.  Having recently discovered this lovely treat, the words "stuffed french toast" had me salivating.

I was actually up early enough this past weekend to enjoy a nice brunch, so the BF and I headed to The Maple Tree.  Imagine my surprise when we pulled up into this tiny strip mall.  We pass by this area all the time and have never even noticed the place; it's definitely a hidden gem!

Walking in around noon, there's a steady stream of customers with a few empty tables.  We're seated immediately and I'm in search of the stuffed French toast.  Our waitress, Karen, comes by to take our beverage orders and she soon learns that it's our first time.  She gave us a bunch of great recommendations from across the menu, which cemented our choice for brunch.  The BF already saw their version of the Monte Cristo and with Karen's suggestion, he was easily sold.  I was tempted with the stuffed French toast or one of their skillets, but Karen sold me on the crab cakes.

We were anxiously awaiting our orders and I noticed immediately that two of the diners next to us also got the crab cakes!  "The New England Benny" (Two crab cakes, served on English muffin halves, topped with two poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served with country potatoes. $9.25) soon arrived as well as the BF's "The Maple Tree Monte Cristo" (A French Toast sandwich with thinly shaved ham, turkey, and Swiss cheese, deep fried to a golden brown, dusted with powdered sugar and served with pure maple syrup or raspberry puree. $8.95).

Since the Monte Cristo comes with either maple syrup or raspberry puree, the BF paid the extra $1.25 to get both sauces.  It also came with a side of fresh fruit with is nice complement to this hearty meal.  He preferred the raspberry puree over the syrup in the end, and he ate it all.  It was a nice cross of sweet and salty at the same time for me, and the BF really appreciated that the ham they used was salty enough for the contrast.  He finished off his entire meal.

I don't usually order Eggs Benedict or anything with hollandaise sauce for that matter, but the crab cakes was what got me!  And it was definitely delicious!  Karen told us the crab cakes are homemade and you definitely get the taste of crab, not a bunch of stuffing.  They also add spices that give it a nice kick.  My plate was licked clean!  The BF said the next time we eat here, he's going to get my dish because he liked it over his Monte Cristo!

Service was great too!  The waitresses are constantly walking around refilling coffee mugs and water glasses. You probably won't see them standing by the side gossiping because they really work!  And everyone is super-friendly too!  Other waitresses had heard the BF was getting the Monte Cristo and asked him what he thought of it.  We also overheard other waitresses with the other customers and they really try to make you feel at home, especially if it's your first time at The Maple Tree.  And dishes are cleared quickly too!  

Overall, The Maple Tree is a great place for breakfast, brunch and lunch.  Not only will you see your staple breakfast items, but you'll find Fish N Chips, Tuna Melts, Salads, Sandwiches, Burgers, Roasted Chicken, Baked Ham, and other goodies on the menu.  They also offer a few things for the Juniors and the Seniors!

(You can see pictures of our brunch in the business profile!)
Friendly, efficient service in a local joint that serves up decent food. The upside to this place is that it's not a chain and you're not required to walk into a casino for a meal. The downside is that the menu isn't as creative as one might hope in a place that has so much potential.

You can get your standard waffles, pancakes, eggs Benedict and crab cakes too. Expect to see some gray-blue hair which goes well with the grandma-esque decor. Yes... some would argue this looks like a quaint restaurant from New England, but I'm not feelin' it. It reminds me more of a New Jersey restaurant by the side of a highway I once went to that had a coffee clache every Sunday afternoon.

On our first visit, I had the vegetarian Benedict and was unimpressed with the hollandaise sauce. It needed a little zest because it seemed rather flat to me. My BF had the biscuits and gravy and said the gravy tasted like a mix. I don't know about that but I don't think they gave us nearly enough.

Again, this place has good service and decent food. It's just going to be disappointing for someone coming from San Francisco, NYC, Boston, New Orleans, or Chicago. Y'all have many more options than we do for great breakfast/ brunch spots.
Went back for Father's Day. Once again everything was GREAT. Service was A+ as always. I had the ham steak again. FOOD A+. The GF's dad was so impressed he vowed to eat there for breakfast from now on whenever he goes to breakfast. One more person I have turned into a regular at that joint.
I am not a breakfast eater, but the Maple Tree could easily turn me into one.
They have an extensive menu for such a small place.
A number of items not usually found for breakfast.......
but all of them are an excellent suprise -

The atmosphere is outstanding  -a super nice clean place.
The people that work here and own the "Tree" are as nice as you could hope for. 
The service is excellent. 
The waitresses are superbly attentive to your needs.

Then there is the food .................. WOW !!

Home made hash, super breakfast gravy.
The fried steak is pounded thin from a normal dinner steak, breaded and fried ........ outstanding.
The fried bread is light and tasty. 
Their pancakes and waffles come with fruit, stuffed inside or on top.
The Maple syrup is the "topping" to a wonderful meal.

I needed a breakfast place for my parents as they visited last week. Searching Yelp I found the Maple Tree - thank you all so much.
Your reviews were right on the money. 
An excellent dining experience...........

It is located in a small set of shops on Spring Mt. road and is well worth your search.
The owner of the Maple Tree asked how we had found them 
and I explained about Yelp .......
 and the excellent rating they had built.
She had not heard of Yelp and was pleased that people had reviewed the restaurant so highly.

One stop and you will know why they have an outstanding reputation for good food and excellent "down home" service.

You just can not do better than the Maple Tree.
I always seem to stop by here when in Vegas. You kind of feel like you're stepping into someone's kitchen when eating here. The waitresses are very sweet and friendly and remind you of someone's mother. 

We got the corn beef hash (homemade) and the crab cakes (also homemade). I liked the corn beef hash but it tasted a little saltier compared to the last time I tried it. The crab cakes are deelish and they don't skimp on the crab either. 

If you have a major sweet tooth try the maple coffee. Their fried bread is also good but I feel so guilty after eating it.
I decided to stay on my ass a little longer and start making some "yelp lists" - one that came to mind was breakfast.  as i scroll down my reviews and move the breakfast places into the list, i noticed that there is no active review of Maple Tree  !!  this is quite the oversight when you consider its my fav breakfast place in Vegas - i've eaten there at least 6 times - not sure why i missed the boat !

The favs - the new england bennie ( crab cake benedict ), the maple ham, part of the maple sampler.  and the basic pancakes with maple syrup !  

not a fancy looking place, kinda strange location ( middle of a strip mall )  but the place is just , RIGHT !
Another spot where you'll forget your in Las Vegas!  

Great personal service and it's no wonder as the owner herself buses and waits tables!  I had the New England Eggs Benedict (with crab cake!) and it was just okay (I am a VERY picky eater) but the service made it all worth while.

It's not to far off the strip ... and if you want to get out of the glitter and buffets go here for breakfast!!
me: where do you guys wanna eat lunch?
them: you're the yelper...look up something.

dang...i hate being the only yelper in a group.  does that automatically make me a pro foodie or something?  i say not.  but after some phone yelping in our hotel room, i decided on the maple tree.  

it's on spring mountain road, so you really don't even need to get on the freeway.  and a side note: don't head north on the strip on a sunday at noon.  the traffic is awful.  go south and then west to the freeway.  if you don't get on the 15N at flamingo like i did, it should be less than a 20 min drive from the strip.  if you get on a tropicana, go north.  just trust me.  it'll make sense once you're there.    

anyhoo, once you past chinatown (okay, maybe not.....but there sure where lots of asian restaurants along the way) you'll see a strip mall on the right with the tiny little door for the maple tree.  the inside, which looks like a country grandma's kitchen/dining room, is larger than it looks from the outside, but still not huge.  we got lucky...no wait.

our resident gambler ordered the new england benny which i told him the reviews said they were known for.  it was delicious!  crab cakes on top of english muffins, topped with an egg and hollandaise sauce.  (yes, i know...three reviews in a row with hollandaise sauce.  it's just a coincidence, i swear.  this no yelping at work thing has really made me backed up on my reviews.)  

my french toast was just okay.  ever since i had the deliciousness at the gourmet pie co here at home, no other french toast has been able to compare.  with my girlfriend's chicken fried steak, the three of us ate for about $45.  

atmosphere is definitely family owned.  our gal was friendly and attentive.  i saw a couple locals come in alone with a book, greeting by name, enjoying their usual breakfast.  i hate eating on the strip.  it's crowded, more expensive and usually the food's not that good.  i found a local spot without having to call a cousin.  yay!
Here's the short and dirty about this place: It's fabulous (and not at all dirty).  Located in a undistinguishable strip mall, you would never know from the outside what a hidden jewel this place is.  Anyone who has ever spent time in New England would not be surprised to look out the window and see snow--you're instantly transported to that small family restaurant that is ubiquitous in every town in Patriots Nation.  It's not luxurious or exotic or anything remotely like the strip; instead, it's your typical downhome kind of place where you walk in and they treat you like family.  Now about the food: heavenly.  The french toast is unbelievable light and airy, which makes it quite easy to down a large plateful, only to groan as you realize you ate enough to feed a linebacker.  The pancakes are equally fluffy--at least a centimeter high and perfect for sopping up their pure maple syrup.  Speaking of maple syrup, there's a reason this place is called "The Maple Tree."  Maple features prominently in many of their dishes, including such a thing as the wonderfully sweet maple coffee.  The only thing better than the food was the staff.  I think they might have been the friendliest people I've ever encountered!  (That's one thing they definitely didn't import from snobby New England, and it's defintely not missed on my end!)  This is a family restaurant at it's best--good food, good people and no pretentions.
Small, family, place for locals, unexpectedly great.  ...well, it was expected thanks to previous Yelps.  Yelp Mobile does come in handy.  I must say that they did a good job on the UI as it gives me no more than what I really need when I'm in a rental car and looking for nearby goodness in a short period of time.  

The patrons - all locals with families.  
The waitress - decked out in a New England Patriots hat and jersey.  The Food - hits the spot, especially in Vegas.  

With every plate served to other customers that passed me, I had the inclination to change my order.  Looks mois delicioso.  Apparently everything is home-made.  I missed out on the home fries but the pancakes were super-fluffy, pure maple syrup was pure, and the coffee tasty.  

If it weren't for the drive, I would make it a point to come here every Vegas visit.  

Definitely a great deal.  

Interesting ball-busting line that I learned  that day:  (source:  our Patriots-gear clad waitress)

 - give a quarter to any Pats fan saying "I hear you need a quarter-back".  ZING!
I went to breakfast at 9a on a Sunday morning with a friend. I thought it would be really crowded because everyone seems to know about the Maple Tree, but it wasn't too full and we got a table right away. Even though there weren't many people in there, I think there was only three servers, so they were spread thin. Our waitress was really sweet though.

The front facade of the restaurant proudly bears a Review Journal "Best of Las Vegas 2007" banner. 

The front of the menu describes how the restaurant is inspired by New England "sugarhouses" where maple syrup is made. My friend told me this place is family-owned and run. She said our waitress quit her job as a school teacher to help out with the place. 

My friend normally orders a hot maple coffee, but our waitress offered up an iced maple coffee. My friend liked it better. 

She got her usual, The Monte Cristo ($8.50), a maple muffin ($1.75), and a fried bread ($1.75). My prices may be outdated. 

I got the New England Benny ($8.75), maple muffin, and OJ. 

Her Monte Cristo looked good. Two other parties asked her what she got and ordered the same in turn. She swears by it. If it has ham and is fried, then its good by me, too. 

My New England Benny was okay. Its an eggs benedict with crabs cakes hidden up inside. It was drowning in hollandaise sauce, but the hollandaise wasn't really too tasty. Maybe it was the powdered stuff. My benny came with country potatoes, chunks of seasoned potatoes. They were a little bland. 

My maple muffin was good, though. The texture was kind of like a corn bread. 

My benny and country potatoes was enough to fill me up and have some leftovers for lunch. 

My first visit to Maple Tree wasn't mind-blowing, but I'm definitely interested in going back. I need to find the thing on the menu that will get my panties tight. 

All together, we had two entrees, two drinks, and three sides. $31.

* off the strip, non-casino
We decided to try the Maple Tree restaurant on Spring Mountain Road this morning for breakfast. Though physically situated in a non-descript shopping center, the restaurant provides a touch of New England charm to the local area.   Ms. Westie ordered the French toast stuffed with strawberry cream cheese and topped with fresh strawberries.  She rated this second only to Bouchon's, but at half the price.  I was initially hesitant to order the New England Benny, but was I ever rewarded for my courage.  The New England Benny is 2 crab cakes served on English muffin halves topped with 2 poached eggs and covered with Hollandaise sauce.  This proved to be an amazing combination of flavors that I would love to duplicate at home. I pulled out the camera and took photos of both the restaurant and our server, Susan, bringing us our meals
I like all-you-can-eat places as much as the next guy but too much can be overwhelming.  I swear Vegas has to have more buffets per capita than anywhere else on the planet.

Not that it's necessarily a bad thing, but after a while, I can't help wondering if what I'm eating is really worth what I paid for?
Besides, there are a lot of local gems if you can venture outside of the Strip.

And tucked away in a shabby looking strip mall, you'll find one of the better breakfast spots in Vegas.

It looks more like a converted office space than a restaurant but the food and super friendly staff will help you forget your surroundings.

I ordered the New England Benny.  The crab meat wasn't as sweet as I'm use to but the dish really benefited from their creamy hollendaise sauce.  It was so filling I could only finish one.
  
The wife had the fresh corn beef hash and it almost tasted like pastrami.  Good stuff.  And they gave her such a healthy portion she couldn't finish her breakfast either.

At the end of the meal, I was asked if I wanted my leftovers.
Leftovers?
Now that's something you don't get at a buffet.
Unless of course, cookies "accidentally" go home with you.
I went to Maple Tree to see if my Yelping did it's justice.  So now I can conclude that this is the second restaurant I Yelped and thank you for the reviews.  This place was awesome.  The portions was huge!! I had a side of pancakes and the southwestern scramble.   I would totally come back again.
Another favorite breakfast spot in Las Vegas. The Maple Tree is decorated like a someones Country Kitchen, and the food tastes like it too! Thick Belgian Waffles, home style potatoes, and stuffed French toast are just part of the faire...Oh yes, and the homemade corn beef hash is heavenly. 

The best part about the Maple Tree is the syrup, probably THE best Maple Syrup I've tasted. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out!
As much press as these guys get for breakfast.. they are great for lunch too! I went for a weekday work lunch today and was very happy with everything.

BLT ($7.25 with a side) - lots of toast options, tons of crisp bacon, fresh veggies... pretty hard to screw up a BLT, but their's was extra good.

Omelet - my coworker got an omlelet with corned beef hash inside. She seemed to really enjoy it!

Iced maple latte ($2.95) soo freaking yummy! Better than a frappacino and cheaper too.

Fried bread ($1.75) - I had never eaten this before (it's a northeastern thing maybe?), but it was calorie-laden and buttery and DELICIOUS. MMM. I wish I hadn't tried it because now I'll want to end every meal there that way.
Great breakfast food and service!  Be sure to get the maple muffin.
Now this is a five star breakfast place!!  Thank you Melissa, our valet at the Red Rock hotel, for the recommendation.  

It's a small place in strip mall and the decor is nothing special but the first thing you notice is how friendly the entire staff is.  Aimee the hostess not only chatted with us about the menu, but came back a few more times to ask us how we liked our food and we ended up having a really pleasant conversation with her.  A total sweetheart!

Our server Karen was great...bubbly and friendly and held her own quite nicely with the smartypants men in our party.

The food was delicious.  I had a combo that included 2 (HUGE) pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and a small piece of ham steak.  I'm not really a syrup person but it was sooooo yummy.  Everyone else enjoyed their food as much as I did.  

We would have gone back Monday morning on the way home, but they are closed on Mondays.
The hostess was nice. So nice! Especially for the usually surly LV staffers. The parade of niceness continued with the server who was even nicer. She took time to explain the menu to us new kids. 

Decisions were made. As they almost always are. Food was ordered. The maple madness began. 

Maple french toast? Yum. Scrambled eggs? Yum. Maple muffin? Not so much - it was dry. 

Go here because it's not inside some life sucking casino. Go here because there's more to LV than the Strip. Go here to meet some nice people and eat their maple covered treasures.
Thanks to yelp and The Maple Tree's 4.5 stars, we decided to try this place.  It was delicious food for great prices.

Our order:
Crab Cakes & Eggs w/ Wheat Toast: Crab Cakes were REALLY YUMMY, but you might want to order an extra side of Hollandaise sauce to go with them.

French Toast, eggs overeasy w/ a side of sausage, which was also a great choice.

Orange Juice & Ice tea..... bill came out to $26 plus tip.

The service was fast and friendly.  It's off the strip, so the traffic isn't so bad.

Will definately come back to try more items on the mean.  Would definately recommend for brunch!!!!
If your in Vegas with a car, this is definitely worth the 4 mile drive from the strip. Watch for the sign at the shopping center, you can barely see the front door from the road. 
Good diner coffee
Fried bread is to die for
Home made corned beef hash in the omlette, and a ton of it!
Small cozy place, only 18 tables. 
Very friendly waitress. Feels like the old backwoods cafe near my hometown, not Las Vegas. A great find!
This tiny and quaint mom-and-pop's style breakfast place is easy to overlook, but served one of the nicest breakfasts I've had in a long time.  I had the Pancake combo with french toast instead and it was DELICIOUS.  The syrup tasted natural and the toast tasted homemade- fluffy and not greasy.  The bacon was perfect and the coffee was pretty nice too.  Wonderful service, attentive and so polite.  I wish I was a local so I could go there every weekend!  A perfect breakfast stop on the way home from Las Vegas.
My boyfriend found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try. 

We ordered the Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise on the side and Corned Beef Hash and Apple Cinnamon Waffles. Entrees come with choice of bread (toast, maple muffin (yum!!!) or fried bread (heard it was good but didnt try) and country potatoes... As for the Hollandaise, I usually hate that stuff but it was suprisingly good here! Not real tangy like at some places Ive been too....

Everything was pretty good! We enjoyed our breakfast and the service was excellent. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. 

For those visiting Vegas, like us - its about 10min from the Rio Hotel. Id suggest you drop by!

Id like to come here again sometime and try the New York Steak and Eggs and Blueberry pancakes and fried bread! :)


**UPDATE: Extremely slow to take our order, but our food came our lightning quick - so Ill let that go. However; Their steak and eggs... Not that great... Waffle was excellent... Portions seemed to have gotten smaller... Now they are on par with any ol breakfast join IMO...**
Good portions, good price, good service. 
The Monte Cristo did not disappoint.  Hash was really good also.
If you're looking for a comfy place to grab some brunch off the strip--come here.

I'm definitely adding the Maple Tree to my list of go-to restaurants.

[Sorry for the weak review, but I was hungover.]
Good food away from the crowds... Thanks for the tip Yelpers!
I yelped this place too...and was a little disappointed.  The only thing I like about this place is their orange juice and their super friendly service.  The waffles were terrible!  I couldn't even stand to finish them!  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  At that point, I wished I would've hit one of those breakfast/brunch buffets!  We even drove about 5 miles out of the strip to go to this place! UGH!
I had the French toast and a side of corn beef hash. Hubby had one of their breakfast special with eggs, bacon and pancakes. 
It wasn't anything spectacular. It tasted fine but pretty average. 
It is nice to travel a little bit outside of the Vegas stripe to eat somewhere where the residents eat at.
In terms of food, this was just an average breakfast place, nothing really stood out. I have to say the service was good and the place felt homey but nothing worth the drive if you don't live in the neighborhood. I definitely appreciate the mom and pop style joints but the food just didn't do it for me. When it comes down to breakfast places, one thing that is must for me, is good coffee and this place had dissapointing coffee.
Seemed like a pretty standard breakfast.  Eggs were over cooked (got them scrambled with cheese) but the pancakes were pretty nice.  Sausage was flavorful and delicious.  Service was fine.
Not sure I'd go out of my way to come here.
Been here a few times and return when I have a coupon. Service is friendly, but food is average. Tried pancakes, french toast and a variety of eggs. I've liked the southwestern scramble best.
YUM!! I have dreams about eating The Maple Tree Monte Cristo, so needless to say it's a must try. Fried French toast stuffed with turkey and ham served with your choice of maple syrup or raspberry puree... how can you say no to all that goodness?! Btw, I recommend the raspberry puree. It's deeeelicious.
Good breakfast spot.  Good food, even better when you consider the fact that it is relatively inexpensive.  I ordered smaller dishes of a few things on the menu just to get a cross section of the menu.  Everything was excellent, including the service.
Me and the fam where hungry for breakfest and decided to head over to hash house a go go but the place was packed and we couldn't wait.. So with help of yelp I found the maple tree. Boy, I was sure glad because this place is awesome. Great food, cheap and they give you huge portions. The country fried steak was great, there Rosemary Potatos and fry bread stood out the most to me. Even though smal and a little further out from the stripl I would not hesitate to come back. They are doing it right at the maple tree. Feels Like family..
Went with my husband and 2 and 3 year old children on December 24, 2009. My reply is late but we plan to go back to Vegas in a few weeks, that's why I'm submitting this review right now.  We'll be going back to The Maple Tree because we were very happy with this place.  Our waitress was super nice and the food didn't take that long to come out.  I ordered their country potatoes and scrambled eggs and my husband had the pancakes.  Everything was really "home-tasting", like something your grandma would cook when you were a kid, very good!  The prices were extremely reasonable and again, the food was so good.  I recommended the place to my sister and brother-in-law and they called me when they were done eating to let me know that they loved the place, and to ask how I found out about it.  Yelp!
The Monte Cristo sandwich with rasberry puree along with crab cakes are the best combo to start the day!!!
Not a bad location, it's a pretty small location. Went here for the first time to try it out since I am a breakfast fan and I like to try eating at different places.
Ordered very berry french toast, it was good but noticed the strawberries were not fresh. My bf ordered the stuffed french toast, had a dead bug on the strawberry. Yes a dead bug that's just gross! We told our server she said it wasn't a bug and that it was part of the strawberry. Umm I think we know what a bug looks like. But she said that if we wanted she would give if a new one. 
Service was great that's because there was only 6 people. 
All and all I don't think I would go here again just because I found a bug and their fruits were not fresh. Word of advise to the owners check you strawberries and make sure they are cleaned properly.
Nothing bad about this place. They were kind servers and the food came out hot and quick. I didn't understand what kind of sauce they put on the meal so the server brought out a little sampler for me to taste. That was genuinely nice of her because I never had that done at a restaurant. It tasted magnificent and had a lot on the plate to fill me up. It's a little place and I also love that because I hate over crowded places. Perfect 5 stars
My husband and I loves to try Breakfast place and was recommended to The Maple Tree.  It's a relatively small restaurant, which means it can get crowded very quickly, although we normally go to breakfast around 8am, so we miss the crowd :)  I love their breakfast special, because it's cheap and you can't go wrong with eggs, bacon/sausage and home fries.  The reason I gave them 3 stars was because they have  "real maple" syrup, but their pancake and waffles are just "meh" (too chewy and just plain).  I've also had their egg benedicts and they were also okay. Service has always been excellent though! :)
Walked right in and was seated on a Saturday morning.
Special was good, and food was plentiful but not too much.
Service was courteous. I would like to try the fried bread.
Some of the customers looked like they just dragged out of bed.
Seriously, I must be missing something. There are a ton of reviews here with four and five stars and I simply do not understand. Perhaps I am ordering incorrectly.

We have visited twice. The first time, I had the Classic French Toast. Unbelievably bland. I always try eating french toast without syrup first but there was just no taste. 

On the second trip I had the Ranchers Club. The first problem is that I asked for it without ham and that did not happen. The other problem is that it was bland. It sounds great on the menu, the waitress said it was her favorite sandwich, but there was so little taste. I also had the baked beans which were quite nice and I can say the fries are good.

My husband had the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast. He also thought there was a lack of flavor that was only saved by the raisins. He also had a side of bacon which was fatty and chewy. 

The other issue is the service. On our first visit, the place was empty because we arrived at about 1:15pm - not realizing that they close at 2pm. We are certainly not fast eaters so it did become a little uncomfortable when 2pm rolled around and they wanted us out. On the second visit the place was pretty empty again - probably because it was a weekday - and the service was not existent. We waited to be seated while the waitress and owner talked. Then we waited for drink refills while the waitress and the owner talked. Finally, we waited for our check while the waitress and the owner talked. I guess this would not have been a problem if there was more than one waitress or if the one waitress working was not crying. Just a horrible service experience.

So, I am sorry to say, we will not be visiting Maple Tree again. I would much rather drive the same distance to Egg & I for a good meal and great service. Plus, they advertise their last seating at 3pm. Never have we felt that we were overstaying our welcome as we did at Maple Tree.
Checked this place out for the first time this morning.  It's a little hole in the wall breakfast joint.  Great food.  Excellent service.  It's a little small, but charming.  I would say the food is on par with The Omelette House - tasty, kind of diner style goodness.

I was so bold as to get the New England Benny, which has crab cakes.  Despite how far we are from the ocean, it was really tasty.  They're english muffins are out of this world - it seems like they make them from scratch, but I can't say for sure.
Did you ever hear the expression..."gone to hell in a hand basket" ?
Thats my description of The Maple Tree on a recent visit...for breakfast of course!    For whatever reason, we'd failed to return to The Maple for a couple of years...it's a quite a drive from Downtown, where I always stay and well, you know, you're in the casino and right there is the buffet...
First of - THIS IS IMPORTANT...The Maple Tree no longer has MAPLE FREEKIN SYRUP...and it's right there on the menu..."we serve real WARM Maple syrup..."  Uh uh...sorry...I know MAPLE and I know WARM...this is SYSCO and it's COLD.
Secondly, I arrived at 7AM...they were open...but the only people there were a cook and the owner.   The place was in an absolute shambles.  The already cheesy indoor-outdoor carpet had been ground into a BLACK GREASY FOOD ENCRUSTED DIRT...the chairs, were a flesh color vinyl but the backs (where you'd grab one to pull it away from the table...was BLACK with filth!
As I looked around, I noticed cobwebs on the lighting...the ceiling fans were "fuzzy" with at least a 1/2" dust buildup on the windward side...Errrrr matey...your galley ha been scuttled :O(
When I identified myself to the owner as a Yelper! he rolled his eyes back in his head and said ..."Oh, we're making changes around here".
The meal no longer mattered to me...I wanted to leave...but stayed and paid $10 for a ho-hum meal.
AWFUL! First of all, I've been here a few times so this isn't based on just one visit... the food is good but the service is AWFUL! and today my husband and I walked out after waiting 45 minutes! we NEVER received our drinks or food! meanwhile, the owner greeted the families to our left and right but NEVER acknowledged us... we're disgusted! we'll NEVER GO BACK...
I don't understand how the place got such high reviews.  The recovery on their customer service was non-existent after I had to send my coffee back 3 times because the creamer was curled.  The food was below average, and orange juice  smelled funny.  If I could score zero stars on Yelp I would.  Save yourself the disappointment and eat at home.
This place was mediocre.  We were excited to try it with all of the positive reviews and hopefully find a new off-strip gem.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy after the waitress recommended it and said it was one of their best items and a personal favorite of hers.  Not so much.  Husband ordered steak and eggs which was tough and came with a dull butter knife to cut with.  Ugh.  They had some other appealing items on the menu - the monte cristo sandwich and a sweet stuffed french toast.  Honestly, I don't think I'll be back to give it another chance - there are too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste a meal here.
Whoever knew there was such a good breakfast place in Vegas that is away from the strip? 

Vegas is not only a place to go to for gambling, clubbing, and drinking. There's plenty of fine restaurants and good food to look for. My goal is to discover new places to eat at in Vegas that is worth reviewing. 

This is the first of the list to start the day off. I had the country fried steak, scrambled eggs, country potato and a muffin. This has got to be one of the best country fried steak i ever had. The gravy had so much flavor and was not salty giving the fried steak just the right amount of flavor and salt. Scrambled eggs were avg and the country potatoes were avg too. 

Also had the egg Benedict and a New England Benny. 
There hollandaise sauce is perfect. The original Benedict is good and they had other Benny. The New England Benny is a crab cake Benedict. WOW is all i have to say to that. The crab cakes is a must the next time I go back.
This is my FAVORITE breakfast place. 

The location is in a tiny strip mall near China Town. It's a little Mom and Pop Shop with a tiny little kitchen, limited seating, the nicest waitress, and just the right amount of kitch to give this place that New England Country feel. 

First off, they offer REAL maple syrup. The waffles are just right, crispy, warm, and fluffy. The crab cake benny is superb. What I love about this place is how un-Vegas it feels. It's a hole in the wall. It's exactly what Vegas needs. 

The wait on the weekends can be ridiculous, but it is worth it. Get here really early or arrive late to avoid the lines. Give this place a try if you want to try something new. Trust me. It's the BUSSSSSINESS!
Two words.  Fried bread.  I think that was the best thing to come out of The Maple Tree.  The ooey gooey sweet syrup and the warm and chewy bread hit the spot.

The other stuff was pretty alright, too.
1.  The New England Benny- (Two Crab Cakes, served on English muffin 
halves, topped with two poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served 
with country potatoes).  Crab cakes for breakfast?!  Hellz yea.
2.  Country Fried Steak and Eggs-(Tenderized sirloin steak, hand breaded and pan fried, served with our country gravy), salty and crunchy with some nice grravy.
3.  French toast with peanut butter and banana off menu - I actually didn't try this fatty concoction, but my friend really enjoyed it.  It's off menu, so it must be pretty awesome. =)
4. Corned Beef Hash - Last but not least, I had the corned beef hash, extra crispy.  It's definitely not the best that I've had, but I enjoyed the gritty very finely chopped texture.  Could be crispier.

Conclusion:  I love fried bread.  mmm mmm
Decent breakfast place but the whole thing was a little too country for me.
The ladies working here are very friendly and personable and probably the best thing going for it.

My choc chip french toast was pretty good, I could have used another piece to be perfectly honest and the coffee was just plain ole coffee.

Their other plates are pretty straight forward too and other than the service, there was nothing that would make me want to come back.

I'm a huge fan of Egg & I and would go back there before I came back here.

Its not a bad restaurant and if you wanna go for the country feel and be away from the strip then go here.
Disappointed!!!! Went on a Sat morning, no wait, place not that busy. They had NO muffins, and half the reason we drove twenty mins was for their maple muffin. Pancakes are dry and not that flavorful. Husband liked the crabcake on the Benny, but didn't like that the English muffin looked liked it had been deep fried. Their potatoes were good though, if not a little salty. Don't think we'll be back... Would rather go to Rachel's Kitchen or Cracked Egg which has much higher quality ingredients.
Located in a mostly ethnic strip mall, you could easily pass this gem by, as the signs are pretty small. (You know that you have, if you see Walgreens.) We found this place because it was in the Entertainment Book (BOGO). Open 7 days 7 am- 2:30 pm. This "Countryside Kitchen" is small, cozy, and charming. 

This is one of my favorite places (I have three and none of them are national chains) to eat breakfast (but then again, you can order breakfast for lunch). I always get the crab cakes (very good and not a lot of filler- I hate that) with country potatoes (really good, but I can't finish all the potatoes that they give me) with the freshly baked muffin loaf (it's warm!)- it's yummy- don't finish this one either. No complaints. The food is always good. The hostess and the waitress are pleasant. I highly recommend this to visitors and residents alike.
This is one of my favorite breakfast places, solely because of the AMAZING corned beef hash.  I had to give them just 3 stars, however, because I had HORRIBLE service during my last visit!  I had arrived for a late breakfast at around 2:15pm.  I noticed walking in that the neon Open sign was on, so I walked in.  My boyfriend told me after we had entered that the sign on the door said they were only open until 2.  I asked a server if they were still open and told her that I had just noticed the sign, and the server, Cindy, said she asked the kitchen and her boss and they could accommodate us.  We realized that we had arrived late and were ready to leave, but Cindy assured us it was ok. Cindy was extremely sweet during our whole meal, but what made our visit horribly uncomfortable was another server named Carol, who very loudly and openly bitched about our being seated after 2!!  I couldn't believe it.  Carol was rude and unprofessional and made us feel unwelcome.  The food was amazing and Cindy was great, but Carol's attitude ruined it.   Lady, your boss approved it, so shut up and be happy you have the business!  If it's such a big deal, take initiative to turn off that neon sign at 2pm-- I noticed it was still on when we left at 3.
Sunday 9 a.m. time for some Maple Muffins and Fried Bread....since this is what this place is known for!! ....Seniors all sitting enjoying waffles and eggs. We were seated right away (4 of us)...we waited for one of the 2 servers to come on by...after 15 mins we got water.....and was advised that there were no muffins nor fry bread and she would come back later so we could decide on a alternative??? WTH maybe I wanted a waffle? or eggs???? guess not!!! we waited another 10 mins....and walked out.....never ate there...and won't go back!!!
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  The busser was sitting in a table behind me cleaning the utensils. My table was the only one without ketchup. Too much hollandaise on my eggs benedict.

LIKE  The "countryside kitchen" feel. The New England Benny. The country potatoes. Real maple syrup.

LOVE  The energetic hostess/waitress.
I just wanted to base my stars on the particular experience I had  and not on the experience I would have had. Anyway, this place is not in my part of town. I had to venture to the West Side a little to get here. My friend recommended this place.

It's a little unkept but I think it is meant to have a country appeal so being a Vegas brat that I am, I am a little too used vivid colors, fancy and trendy decor. 

I wasn't prepared for a mom and pop strip mall restaurant. In any case. The breakfast menu had variety and they I should have tried the well known first grade maple syrup but every time I get breakfast I am drawn to a Benedict. So I found prosciutto Benedict. I wasn't a fan of it. It wasn't delicate or as thinly sliced as I had expected it to be.

 Again, I don't have very much prosciutto experience other than when I am treated to super fancy Italian restaurants. A breakfast for three here cost us less than $26.00 so I was happy that my son got his own breakfast with a mickey mouse shape with blueberry eyes and an orange for it's mouth. I recently had a pancake at "Homefries" and it was covered with fresh strawberries so I was kind of expecting a little more fruit. Again, I may just be expecting too much for the cost.

Ricky got corned beef hash and finished it before I could ask him to try a little :( But it looked great for the 5 secs that I saw it. He shared it with Herbie and they both were sad to have finished it.

All in all, this is a good breakfast place. It doesn't really beat the major chains or trendy breakfast places. My friend says that they have a very tasty crab cake Benedict. I would like to try it some day, but it may not be for a long time.

I didn't care too much for their potatoes, I prefer the cracked eggs potatoes far more.
Knocked down to 3.5 stars. The crabcakes aren't the same- it's changed now, it's mostly filler- how disappointing! Very little crab- didn't even finish it. The potatoes were still very good. We won't be ordering the crabcakes here anymore. The maple loaf was very good- that didn't change. From what I've read here, according to other yelpers, the monte cristo is supposed to be really good. The server was very nice, although she was new (a few days on the job) and wasn't sure about our meal coming with the maple loaf. Still an Entertainment coupon participant (already got our new book last month).
I am so sad to have to write this.  

For the 3 years that my son was in HS we spent almost every Tuesday morning before school here for breakfast.  Since then, he's graduated and gone on to college and those breakfast dates have become fewer.  

but today was an exception and we both said "how about Maple Tree."  

I think after today it will be Maple Tree no more.  Oh the service was good but the place was dirty.  The chair, once filled with people, now sit empty and stained. 

the creamer for my coffee curdled.  

We had our usual:

Me: Ham steak with toasted english and a side of cottage cheese

my son: Monte Cristo with double turkey, no ham and a side of hard boiled eggs.  

Kudos for doing the hard boiled eggs..not many places will do those.  

but the usually delicious Monte Cristo was sadly lacking.  It wasn't crusty..but rather limp and soggy.  We brought it home thinking it might fare better after it got cold. (6 hours later and still not) 

So many wonderful and joyous memories we have to our pre-school breakfasts together and now we probably won't be back.  While I realize it is a sign of the times with the economy and 14.9% unemployment in Las Vegas, this place was always packed to waiting on the sidewalk for a table.  While we were there, a good hour, only 1 other table came in.  

I'm afraid that we will have to find another goto place and play taps for this one.

12/29/2011:  this is the 3rd time I've been back since writing the review and sadly it is still the same except the service has completely vanished.  hard to do when there are so few tables to begin with.  But they managed it.  2 diners.  1 gets their good..11 minutes later the 2nd diner gets there and they completely forgot the soup which should have at the very least come out with the 1st diner's soup and salad.  Also, the shabby attitude of the waitress when asking for cream or arguing with us when I refused the soup is not very customer service oriented.  I know I said I wouldn't go back after the last disaster but you know people have bad days. and it is in my "hood" but I'll have to schelp to somewhere my $$ is appreciated.
This place truly is the epitome of the breakfast/brunch/lunch restaurant. I have yet to  order anything that did not completely live up to my expectations. 

I have to recommendations for this restaurant and they they are that you either first get the Monte crisco or a Benny. The omelets and skillets are good too but they just are not the name sakes.

I would happily give the restaurant a five star rating but sometimes the service is just not that go od and five stars has to  mean something!
Want to get away from the strip and eat a hearty breakfast for under $10? 

The Maple Tree is one of those "not-for-tourists" home-style cafes in a small strip mall. It's nothing fancy, but the staff is friendly, portions are generous, and you can't beat the price.

My friend and I ate the PEANUT BUTTER & BANANA FRENCH TOAST and OVEN-BAKED DUTCH APPLE PANCAKE. Both were completely over the top delicious!

TIP: If you are not a local, be sure to map this place out before getting in a cab so you don't get driven around or ripped off.
Tired of the same ol' Vegas breakfast buffet? Then head right down to the Maple Tree.  This Mom & Pop place is no frills, but definitely has a friendly, homely feel.  The staff is also very helpful and attentive.

I had the Peanut Butter & Banana French Toast which was superb, one of the best breakfast dishes I have had in a while.

TIP: The Cab fare to get there can be rather high ($15-25, depending where you are on the strip). So it only makes sense if you have your own ride or have 3+ people.
It's really hard to rate this one.  I keep waffling between a 3 and a 4.
On the one hand, the service was extremely friendly and quick, and the food we all ordered was REALLY yummy... but on the other hand, I thought the prices were pretty high for breakfast and the quality wasn't exactly awesome.

So yeah.. I guess 3-stars would be about right.  Probably more like 3 1/2.

The menu has LOTS of choices for breakfast, which is nice.  My New England benny was delicious, even though I could feel my arteries hardening as I ate it.  My husband enjoyed his Monte Cristo and our friends enjoyed their pigs in a blanket and breakfast scramble.  My daughter's biscuits and gravy plate was ENORMOUS and the gravy was really flavorful.  The biscuits looked straight outta the Pillsbury can, though.  

The best part were the potatoes which came with almost everyone's breafast.  They were some of the best I've ever had.  They are cooked with onions and have LOTS of flavor without being greasy.  5 stars for those!  

The "kids menu" was a bit of a joke, with only one choice for breakfast. 

I guess if I were a tourist, used to paying much more at the hotels, I would think the prices were good....but for breakfast foods like pancakes and eggs, I don't think you should be paying a whole lot more than $5 a plate.  Most of the things on their menu were closer to $10.  For a little hole-in-the-wall place like this... I think that's a little steep.
I'm in love with this place for breakfast. It's our regular spot when we're setting out for a day of hiking at Red Rock. What a treat to find a New England-style maple sugar shack in Las Vegas. The first time we went, I got a country breakfast with 2 eggs, maple-glazed ham, and country potatoes. The ham was amazing! A thick juicy steak with wonderful maple flavor. It also came with a side, and I asked for a maple biscuit. It was too early, the maple biscuits weren't ready yet, so instead I got an order of fry bread. I hadn't had fry bread in a restaurant before, just at pow wows and gatherings, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I wondered if it would come with maple syrup instead of honey, it being breakfast at a maple sugar shack and all, and as it turns out, IT DID! Had never had that combination before but it was delicious. Then as a bonus, the waitress brought me a maple biscuit later when they were ready, which was also very good. My partner got the buttermilk pancakes served the pure maple syrup, and they were excellent. We loved the friendly service and the warm atmosphere. So, of course, we had to go back. The second time, I got the New England crab cakes benedict. Hands down, best crab cakes benedict I've ever had. Very crabby, meaty crab cakes! My partner got an apple cinnamon waffle, which was so excellent; loved that it was thick but also soft and fluffy, unlike some waffles that are more crunchy and doughy. We went a little later in the morning, but still got great service despite the rush of people. We'll keep coming back!
Good, solid country breakfast cooking in Chinatown.

Had the sampler - 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 pcs bacon, 2 pcs sausage, and some ham steak.

All very good and cooked how I asked.  

The boyfriend had the southwest benny.  It was super good.  And the crispy home fries/ potatoes are awesome.  

Decent prices and a whole lotta food.
Solid breakfast joint, country-northeastern themed menu, fantastic service.  I've never been disappointed with my meal.  I'm almost always tempted toward the crab-cakes eggs benedict... Drool...  I've never heard complaints from anyone I've dined with.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is almost always super friendly and talkative... Aww, just like being back east again...
I really planned my way around this place for breakfast earlier than my usual. I got here a little after 7am because I had errands to run near by and plus I've had this place bookmarked long enough!

I Asked the server what was popular?.. She says "Monte Cristo and the New England Benedict (I remember this was on Yelp's quick tip list.. and the fried bread, but i'll get to that in a bit!) 

I chose to go with the New England Benny because I've had a Monte Cristo before, elsewhere. The crab cake benedict was an eggs benedict but the ham was subsituted with a couple patties of crab cakes instead. Clever and interesting idea but I wasn't impressed with it. The crab's flavor didn't do it for me. The hollandaise sauce was typical and satisfying. The other half of the plate was filled with seasoned potatoes. They were edible, I just put a lot of ketchup and pepper on them! I feel they were overcooked. 

The Fried Bread was a different story.. more like a night and day difference! Now this may had been one calorie packed creation BUT it was worth trying. It looked like a loaf of bread, powdered sugar on top and maple syrup sitting on the bottom of it. Oh My Fried Goodness.. Save room for this!! Its Fluffy with a Sweet Donut Flavor! The server also gave me a sample of their Pure maple syrup to taste the difference. The Pure maple had a lighter flavor and thinner consistency.. the regular maple was fine.

Server was Very Friendly and Courteous, Place looked dated and kinda runned down (old/dirty carpet and lighting makes it even worse) and value was ok for size ( but fried bread was definitely worth it) 

I may try the Monte Cristo and their Maple French Toast, If I ever go back..
Stuffy, sticky air, like back in the day before casinos discovered circulating fresh air. Needs new carpet (adds to the smellyness). Crab cakes were very gluey (I don't understand the raves for these. They're nothing like the real-deal lump crab meat crab cakes). The fried bread is good, but the "raspberry puree," while tasty, is not actually raspberry puree - its the red goo that's used in jelly donuts. Red, raspberry-flavored corn syrupy stuff. Whatcha gonna do. This is super basic, generic breakfast food. Perhaps the owner doesn't care to watch the food network and maybe get some new ideas or up the quality game so he can get better reviews and then more business. Just sayin... 

Two stars for nice waitress, good service, fresh coffee.

Owner doesn't accept Radio Shopping Show or Entertainment Book coupons anymore, fyi. Be aware.

Overall, I am not motivated to return for any reason.
From some recent reviews, I was really worried about trying this place... but I have searched near and far around town for the Monte Cristo. And I hear this is the best place for it. Having not had it before, I wanted to have a good first impression of the Monte Cristo, so I didn't wanna just go anywhere! This is just a breakfast place though, closin at 2pm, so I had to actually set a date to go when I didn't work.

Was looking forward to dining here for a while! Ending up going around 1pm sometime in late January. Got inside and it was quite a bit warm, there was 2 other tables there. I was worried it would be dirty and muggy inside but it was decent for a small and old restaurant. Don't expect anything fancy!

We just sat down anywhere. And we already knew what we wanted..! New England Benny and Monte Cristo. Food came out at a decent time.

The benny was better than expected and the bf loved it! He generally isn't a fan of crab cakes but likes bennys. And the potatoes that came with it was yummy! Very crisp and well browned. 

The Monte Cristo, the moment I have been waiting for... was ... okay. I imagined it be a cross between french toast and a turkey sandwich. Which it was. But I guess I had my expectations too high. And it came with a small cup of fruits, which you can tell was canned fruits. The syup was very light, almost like it was watered down.

This is your average local breakfast place. Nothing fancy, but not dirty. The server was a sweet lady. Don't think I'll be back for a while...
Semi hole in the wall restaurant in Chinatown.  Service was good probably because we were the only ones there at the time, mo worries three other fame came in when we were there...crab cakes were a little salty but still good.  Husband didn't like his potatoes, but eggs were delish...over good for off the strip breakfast.
This is a great breakfast joint to hit after a night of partying. A nice big country style breakfast to get you back in shape for another night out. I had the French toast, eggs and country potatoes. It was great!  Seating is limited so very large parties may have to wait.
Best country breakfast you can get!

I usually am not a "let's go eat breakfast" type person, out of all the delicious meals of my day breakfast is normally the non existent one. I have eaten at a few of the other raved about breakfast spots in Vegas (Cracked Egg, Egg & I, Egg Works) and I think Maple Tree is just on a higher level overall. The ultimate for diner breakfast. 

The maple coffee was a nice sweet drink to try, and if you are a fan of maple and coffee obviously a must order. It was too sweet for me, but delicious anyway.

The Monte Cristo half order I tried was delicious. My boyfriend and I split it to try, and I have to order a full portion for breakfast next time.

I ordered the Prosciutto Benny and got so excited to see sliced, homecooked skillet potatoes on my plate! I hate how other breakfast places bake frozen seasoned potato cubes and try to call them skillet potatoes or breakfast potatoes. There were a few peppers and onions mixed into the potatoes also, yum!
My Benny was a traditional Eggs Benedict but with some Prosciutto, I really enjoyed it. The only thing I wished for was a little more lemony flavors in my Hollandaise, possibly because of the salty Prosciutto. My english muffins were crispy on the outside but not crunchy or difficult to eat at all. Overall, I was extremely satisfied.

Our service was great and it seems like they are all characters; our waitress was friendly, and I especially fell in love with our young hostess who wore her hoodie up until some important-ish looking person told her not to. I will be back, and soon!
So, we went here for breakfast on a Saturday.....Wanted somthing a bit less expensive than the hotel restaurant breakfast....read the reviews on Yelp and figured we'd give it a try!

The food was really good... I ordered Eggs Benedict and my partner ordered the Vegi Skillet.

I had the round potatoes on the side...those were excellent -- YUM, order them well-done lol -- 

Coffee was ehhh, typical...

Each meal was right around $10 ~  We saw someone else with the french toast -- that looked YUMMY.

So overall, I'd go back again....and would recommend ;)
Disappointed. I absolutely love finding great new breakfast joints. 
This was a cute place upon entering. Reminded me of someones grandma's house. But that's where the compliments end. 

We ordered french toast and an omelet and it was not tasty nor well prepared. 

I was looking for something to awaken my taste buds, especially for your first meal of the day. 

I got a greasy overcooked omelet and the french toast? Oh my, I might as well have popped in a frozen one from the grocery.
cinnamon rolls made fresh every morning. Red Velvet pancakes. Oh and the Breakfast sliders are wonderful.
This restaurant was one of the best places in Las Vegs for breakfast before the onset of economic downturn, but had reportedly deteriorated in recent years.  Fortunately, new ownership took over this past March with the intent to restore it to its prior glory.  Our waiter was the brother of the new owner and his aunt serves as chef.  The menu has not changed much except for an overall price increase.  

We each ordered the New England Benny, poached eggs with Hollandaise sauce over twin crab cakes and English muffins accompanied by a choice of breakfast potatoes.  The meal was very good, but the crab cakes must have been on the Jenny Craig system because they were noticeably thinner than in the past.
So we were looking for a place other than baby cakes (dont wanna get tired of it don't think its possible but hey) This was near our house and got pretty good reviews. I had the Benedict Skillet with apple fritters, and my husband had the deep fried french toast. (Not the actual name ) The food was good nothing to write home to mom about. My hollandaise sauce was edible the potatoes under were really good. My husbands didn't really have too much flavor. Everything was waaaayyyy too expensive the food is definitely not worth the price. The apple fritters were really really good!
In my opinion this restaurant is way overrated. I was expecting greatness as per all of the Review Journal write ups, etc. Total maximum let down. I wanted the food to kick ass because it is close to my house, nope it ain't dope! 

FYI: They won't accept the two for one coupon that was printed in the 2011 Entertainment guide. I learned they have a small sign on the door that says no coupons accepted. Oops I missed that one on the way in, could have saved me an embarassing moment when the waitress went into her rant that the Entertainment guide group put them in without permission. Well shit, If I owned a business I would honor it rather than making a potential customer feel like they just comitted a crime by presenting a coupon. My bad I did not see the tiny index card of a note on the door so sue me! That is tacky anyways in my opinion.

Anyways now let's get onto the food part...

Had breakfast, Omelette and country potatoes with toast. Toast was over toasted and my denver style omelette was dry...come on really? Um not impressed, my pal ordered pancakes and sausage just ok. I expect better than ok from a restaurant that has as many rave reviews as it does. I understand we ordered simple...however if they are sub par on simple meals I can't imagine the outcome of anything else. 

We ate, we paid and will never look back...

There are too many mind blowing restaurants in Vegas for breakfast to ever consider The Maple Tree as an option.

Service sucked, food mediocre.

They have good coffee that was the best part of our meal which is not saying much.
Great service! Great food! They have the best pancakes!
I dined here several months ago and thought I would throw my two cents in here. The place is decorated like your grandma's house in 1960. This might work if Maple Tree  was a separate house or cottage, but this joint is in a strip mall, so time to change the wallpaper dude. Of course, lousy wallpaper can be overlooked if the food is good. Perhaps I should have went for breakfast, but I was on a burger kick and me and a buddy went in for the Maple Burgers. This was supposed to have maple bacon, but i could not taste it - actually I could not even eat the thing and here is why. Ordering a well-done burger must bring out panic in some $10 hr grill guy's world because 60% can't cook it right, even when I say burn it. Well 45 minutes later with the place half-empty, still no burger. Eventually I had to ask for it to go and very lucky for maple Tree management that it went that route. I enjoy confronting owners and this burger after an hour was still not cooked to even a medium well. Fuming at my pad, I fired up my backup lunch and I wrote it off cause my buddy had paid,  but with the slow service, civil war-era decorations and lousy food, this place needs to be avoided.
This place serves up good homestyle breakfast.  I was pleased with everyhting we ordered.  
One of my gal pals mentioned it should be called the greasy spoon because it's just that kind of grub.  Heavy, filling, breakfast comfort food.  Lots of country gravy to smother everything and options like, fried bread, biscuits, apple fritters and so on.  Not for the faint of heart.  
I had the breakfast sliders.  They were buttermilk biscuits topped with eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, and all doused with country gravy.  Good stuff - no complaints.  
We also ordered a side of 2 red velvet pancakes so we could give them a try.  They were delicious.  Fluffy and not too sweet.  Prices are reasonable and portions are large.
Cool little breakfast spot. Staff was really great. Nice atmosphere and country decor. We had the red velvet pancakes and the Monte Cristo. They were INSANELY good. If you aren't watching the calories go and try these. They also have a good selection of items for you if you are eating very healthy too, as I look forward to heading back there and trying the lighter options as well. A+
We had great service and great food.  A treat was the yummy coffee cake brought out while we waited for our meals.  Only on weekends we were told.  Be aware though, the Belgian waffle was topped with powdered sugar and very sweet.
Order the Monte Cristo, it is to die for... I love breakfast food and this has to be one of my all time favorite breakfast meals. 
Service is great in this quaint little breakfast place. I much prefer The Maple Tree's atmosphere, selection of menu items, and service over the larger, more crowded "Egg & whatever"/other breakfast restaurants around town.
I was sorely disappointed.  I had made a reservation for six for breakfast, which was not honored.  We waited over an hour for a table, then just as it was ready, if was given to another party.   The manager, waitresses, hostesses, etc. could not have been more inconsiderate or uncaring.  It was a special occaision, and my family was here from out of town.  We never got to have our meal, since there were planes to catch.  No apologies either from the restaurant.  I wrote separate letters to the owners and managers and did not receive a response.  I will never go to this establishment and tell everyone I know and meet not to visit this establishment.  There are a number of choices in this town for them to exhibit this behavior.
Found this place via Yelp!  It is in or near the Little Saigon community in a strip mall.  The restaurant is relatively small (seats ~30-40).

I was looking for a great place for breakfast before the drive back to CA.  I got the french toast with side of eggs.  The wife got the breakfast sliders (basically a breakfast sandwich made with biscuits/gravy instead of toast/etc.).  She loved it and ate most of it.  The hash-browns were good - a little greasy/salty which was to be expected and really hit the spot after a weekend in Vegas.  The french toast was good.  Service was good, prices were reasonable.  One of my party members said the coffee was not very good and unless you need coffee, would probably opt for OJ or milk next time.  We will probably stop by again as there were a few other items on the menu that we would like to try (most notably the Monte Cristo).
Maple Tree is a cute smaller mom and pop shop. Searching for a good breakfast place with pancakes semi close by, Maple Tree was the winner. The place is cutely decorated in a "country" like style.

We decided to go with the Corned Beef Hash, the Chili Skillet and a short stack of red velvet pancakes. The wait was a bit long for the food, but when we got there it started getting busy due to it being around lunch time.  The corned beef hash was delicious! The owner had told me that the hashbrown was finely incorporated with the corned beef. I was definitely pleased with my selection and when I tried the Chili skillet I loved everything about it also. There was enough cheese to make this cheese lover happy. The Red Velvet Pancakes might have been my all time favorite item though. The owner had said it was a bit sweet, which was true...no need to add syrup, but it was delicious. The cakes weren't too dense just the way I like them.

Overall Maple Tree is a win, but service can be a bit slow especially during breakfast/brunch/lunch. It's definitely a good breakfast place and I know I will be back.
Okay we had a chance to check this place out. We ordered the RVP with a side of sausage and  biscuits with gravy side of scrambled eggs and ham. The RVP was good actually very good and the sausage was great. The biscuits with gravy were just okay, we've had better. It was more on the bland side. 

As far as the bill it came out $37, kinda steep for two people that only ordered that with water and juice to drink. Not sure if we will be back.
It's really more of a 3 and 3/4 stars. We went with a Groupon, but honestly it would have been pretty reasonable even without it. I ordered the Monte Cristo. It was very good. I would definitely come here again just for this. It was nice and crispy on the outside, melty cheese and tasty ham and turkey on the inside. My mom ordered the pancake plate with sausage and a fried egg. The pancakes are good. I am usually really fussy about pancakes so for me to like them is something else.  The sausage was very meaty, not at all like the the tiny little things you get at a certain chain breakfast place. My first cup of hot choco was good the second was not as chocolate infused as the first.

So the not quite 4 stars is because of the service. We were seated and served in a modest amount of time. However, when it came to getting the check and a box for leftovers we waited just about as long as it took to seat and serve us. Entrance and execution were good, wrap up needs a bit of work.
The wife and I were out driving to the different casinos trying to play instead of pay. I told her to keep an eye out on places to eat. She spotted this place, and told me a bit about it. 

I haven't had a good Denver omelet in a long time. I was going to have it specially made with egg whites but I asked too late. (it was my fault, otherwise they would have) The omelet was still very good. The order came w/ potatoes and coffee. 

I actually couldn't eat all of the food, and THAT means something! 

We started with the fritter it looks like a apple turnover -turned inside out and covered with maple sugar. MMMM that was gooood! I wish they were open so I can get one. 

Plus(the reason for 4 stars): 
The waitresses worked together which you don't really see nowadays. 
Kept drinks filled! 
brought food fast 
....the waitress saw my military Id card and offered a percentage off without asking. I hate asking. 

Neg.: 
I think they should update the furniture. (a mom & daughter checked the place out and said that before leaving) I can understand why they don't change the furniture, probably same reason I don't go to Denny's. I like the Homey type of feeling. 

They do sell homemade jam. I would like to have tasted it. Instead they have the prepackaged jam. [reason not a 5 star :( ] Next time I am going to buy some jam, I plan on coming here.
I can't wait to go back to Vegas to get breakfast here again!  Hubby and I were about to drive back to Cali and used Yelp! to find this little treasure away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  It's very cute and quaint inside and the staff were all super friendly and attentive.  It reminded me of the "mom and pop" diners back home in Texas.  The prices are very affordable.  When we sat down we were served a complimentary coffee cake (I think that's what it was).  I ordered the veggie benny and my husband got a skillet.  Everything was fresh and yummy.  The fried bread hubby got with his meal was like a dessert with powdered sugar and syrup.  I liked my meal so much, I immediately tried to make something similar when I got back home (it just wasn't the same as the restaurant's though).
So, continuing on with my quest to find the best Chicken Fried Steak in Las Vegas [plus the fact that my friend had a Groupon], I finally got around to trying this place. 

As we walked in, we noticed that they were already cleaning up the restaurant. Without realizing, we had accidentally come about half hour before their closing time. Feeling bad, we asked if that was OK and said that we had no problem coming back another day. However, they were more than happy to still have us eat there, which was nice [ I for one hate customers who come in an order at the last minute possible].

Naturally, I ordered the CFS. For $10 you get the steak & gravy, two eggs, choice of potato, & choice of bread. The pricing was pretty decent. I got the apple fritter with mine, which I wasn't a big fan of. It was just too sweet for me. Maybe next time, I'll try the fried bread. 

As for the steak - it was good. Cooked well, and wasn't chewy or rubbery. The breading on it was a little more thick than I prefer, but had good taste. And the gravy was decent. Wasn't the best I've had - but it sufficed. While this place isn't my number one favorite for CFS, I'd still come back for their other food. 

Everything was cooked well and had flavor and service was great. It's a great place to go for breakfast.
I think there are alot of  great mom and pop breakfast places around town despite what some people say. You just have to find them ! The Maple Tree is right in the middle of China Town. It's a small cozy place that is an unassuming strip mall. It's not the fanciest place but the food is good!

I started with their homemade apple fritter. It was huge ! In donut lingo it was almost as big as a bear claw....I do pretty well when it comes to donuts. There were little chunks of apples in it....yum! I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with the gravy on the side, and some home fried potatoes. The Chicken fried steak was nice and crunchy but a little on the salty side. The home fried potatoes were tasty.  They serve big portions here so bring your appetite! 

The service was great ! Our glasses were always full and the food came out quick!
Update: I have to say that the last time I went here it was just OK. Still good, but not necessarily worth traipsing across town for. We noticed the menu had changed slightly, and a friend told us the ownership had changed. It didn't seem too different, though; the character of the place seems to have been preserved. As others have noticed, the service can be very slow. Still an enjoyable place for breakfast if you're in the area!
Hubby and I were super excited try this place. We had heard great things about it. We bought a groupon back in May for it. We decided when we got there to order one lunch entree and one breakfast and share. 

Hubby got corn beef hash breakfast with fried egg and pancakes and an apple fritter. I got the chicken fried steak lunch with a salad with ranch. We also each got a maple iced coffee. My salad came out first, looked ok, started eating it and like 6-7 pieces of the lettuce were brown, slimy and rotten looking. Kinda grossed me out and I only ate a couple bites. The ranch was good...but not amazing like the waitress said. Food came out and looked ok. The chicken fried steak was good but NO Texas chicken fried steak and the gravy was yellow...what the heck??? Came with barely toasted bread and nasty frozen mixed veggies, hubby's food was just ok. The eggs weren't cooked right, and the pancakes were just ok. The corn beef hash was ok. Overall....NOT impressed. We used our groupon and will never go back.
Came here twice and was forgotten in the waiting area, even when the restaurant was half empty. Never coming back again!!!! Food can't be that good to be disrespected like that.
Had the deep fried breakfast burrito....best thing I've ever had for breakfast!  Also the pumpkin pancakes were delightful.  Service was great and prices were right, $25 including tip for two meals and a pancake on the side!
Out of Apple Fritter
Out of Fried  Bread
Out of Country Potatoes
Almost empty ketchup
Never fills up your drinks 
(I asked twice, and I still never got my water)
Burned toasts
Dry bacon
Waited forever to get seated
Waited forever to order
Waited forever for the food
Misleading menu

I can't believed that I got dragged here a second time. NEVER AGAIN!
**Summary**
       - Seating - We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday morning and had a 20 minute wait.
       - Ordering - It took another 10 minutes to place an order. They had two waitresses and a bus boy for the entire place.
       - Service - The staff is nice and pleasant. However, it took 30 minutes for the food to arrive and probably 5-10 minute each time we asked to refill water.
       - Understaffed - The main reason I wouldn't come back. From walking into the door to food arriving at the table was an entire hour. The management must be horrendous.
       - Availability - They were out of both fried bread and apple fritters. I ended up with their wheat toast that just tasted awful.
       - False Advertising - A lot of the items on the menu say "sausage or bacon, and ham," but they actually mean "sausage, bacon, or ham."
       - Home Cooking - The food does have a more home cooked feeling as compared to Denny's or IHOP. However, I don't know if the price hike and wait is really worth it.
**Ordered**
       - Red Velvet Pancakes - Three huge fluffy pancakes. The only reason I'd even think about coming back to this place. It was true carbicide.
       - Starter Omelet - You get one meat, one cheese, and one vegetable. Nothing too special.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd say if you don't mind waiting and are really feeling like red velvet pancakes come here. Other than that, I'd stay away.
I have been to the Maple Tree twice and after reading the reviews it appears that some type of new ownership took over in the middle of 2011 so this review will only be on my most recent visit even though the issues I had previously were almost the same

Arrival
Arrived at 1:10 on a Sunday, there was a wait but since the sign states please wait to be seated by hostess we were not aware you needed  to walk to the back of the restaurant to tell them you wanted to be on the list. Either way about 10 minutes into waiting at the front door with 3 other parties a lady came up and asked if we were on the list. We informed her that no one came and put us on the list. She told me that it was not an issue they would have a table available soon. We were said about 5 minutes after that. 

Beverage Service
After we were sat we waited about 5 minutes to have a beverage order taken. We ordered 2 iced teas and 2 root beers. The server brought out 2 teas that had almost all of the ice melted in them and 2 children's root beers for my sons (age 10 & 12) without any ice in them. We flagged down another server for a cup of ice to get our drinks chilled down. In regards to beverage service we were never offered ANY refills on the tea or soda for the remainder of the time we were sitting there. I did notice the staff walking through offering refills on coffee so I guess we should have gone that route.

Food Order
We placed our food order shortly after our beverages arrived so by my guess it was not about 20-25 minutes into our arrival at Maple Tree. We ordered the following items:

Breakfast Burrito
Ham & Cheese Scramble w/ Apple Fritter
Biscuits & Gravy w/ side order of bacon
Country Fried Steak w/ Apple Fritter

As you can see NONE of these items are extremely difficult to make and it should NOT take 45+ minutes for them to arrive to the table. It is sad when my children realize that the order is taking WAY too long. 

Food Quality

Biscuits & Gravy - When the food arrived the biscuits and gravy were cold (my girlfriend had to actually get up and take her plate to someone to have it remade since ALL of the staff was in the back because by this time the restaurant was closed). 

Country Fried Steak - They were only able to give us 1 apple fritter because they had run out so I was brought sourdough toast that had so much butter on it that it was soggy. I also ordered hash brown potatoes but I was served Country Potatoes and 1/2 of the potatoes were so undercooked they were not edible. 

Even with quality issue with the B&G and the PLUS 45 minute wait no one ever came to the able to offer an apology nor did anyone try to turn the situation around and save a customer.

There is ZERO chance that I will ever go to the Maple Tree again!
This used to be one of our favorite places for breakfast, but the original owners sent it on the skids before selling out last year.   Our waitress took our orders and returned with a miniscule sample of a coffee cake "that just come out of the oven" though it was served at room temperature. We each ordered French toast stuffed with strawberry cream cheese and topped with strawberries.  The cream cheese filling was little more than a smear and the French toast itself was pretty ordinary.   Based on our experience on this trip and last, I feel the new owner needs to immediately address pricing (too expensive) and quality (disappointing) issues.
I wasn't really feeling this place. I was already turned off when the line was out the door and they refused to take names. I understand that they were completely inundated with Groupon holders who needed to redeem, but a waitlist would go a long way. Instead, everyone was forced to stake their place in line waiting for a seat. They called groups based on group size according to how big a table they had available instead of first come first serve, which was also a bit off-putting.

After a 45 minutes wait, my mom and I were finally seated. Our drink and food orders were taken right away. We looked around and no one had food. Not a good sign. The staff was clearly overwhelmed with the large crowd and did their best to remain cheerful. We waited, and waited and waited. Finally our orders came out about 50 minutes after we ordered. We were starving at this point and just ate quickly and wanted to get out of there. They forgot my fritter, so I just had them package it to go. 

The food was ok, nothing amazing but I do highly recommend the fritter. It was fresh and tasty. Everything else was just basic breakfast fair. The place is incredibly small and a better organizational system would do wonders for them. Pleasant enough staff. 

I probably won't be back though.
Let me start off by saying the first time I ate here I enjoyed it but every time after has been worse and worse. The food for the most part is average with the exception of the fry bread, cinnamon rolls, and apple fritter. Don't hold your breathe in getting one of these though as it seems they always run out extremely quickly. The last time I came here I decided it would be the last. My party of 4 waited an hour for our food. There was no apology and our waitress seemed to have an attitude with us when we questioned where our food was. I like to support family run businesses but never again for this one!
One day on yelp I was searching my area for places that served good breakfast to narrow down the search I was in the mood for something different, red velvet pancakes. I stumbled upon The Maple Tree Cafe, they had pretty good reviews on yelp and they were only a fifteen minute drive from my house, so I figured my mom, boyfriend and myself would go for a nice brunch. The service was friendly and the restaurant itself was small, but reminded me of my hometown in england. The menu was simple and effective. The red velvet pancakes were amazing and a must have for any red velvet lovers out there. Tried some of their apple fritter...if you like deep fried, you will want to eat at least five of them! The only things were if you want sunny side up eggs ask them to cook them reasonably longer, my boyfriend ordered them extra crispy on the bottom and the sunnyside up was a little too raw for his taste. I did ask for the maple cream cheese sauce on the side and it wasn't when it was brought out, luckily for them it wasn't drowning in the sauce, nicely drizzled. However, we are very excited to go back and try MORE menu items!!
I've been here a few times already. This morning I took my parents out for breakfast armed with a Groupon. It was for 2 entrees up to $10 ea and two drinks up to $3 each for the very low price of $12, oooh yeah!

The place has a very modest interior. It's definitely styled like a little country cafe with fake flowers, wooden tables, random pictures hanging on the walls, and little trinkets on the shelves. The menus are huge (literally) with a good variety.  I couldn't fully open mine without it overlapping my dad's right next to me. They even have some specials posted on a board that aren't on the actual menu, so make sure to check those out! My mom went with "The Frita" skillet (spinach, choice of meat and style of potatoes topped with cheese and eggs, served with choice of carbs) for $8.99. My dad ordered the Huevos Rancheros ($7.99), which was on the "daily specials" board, so don't expect to find it on the actual menu. I ordered the Country Fried Steak ($9.99) served with eggs, potatoes, and choice of carbs (pancakes, apple fritter, fried bread, or toast). We also ordered two coffees and an OJ. They weren't stingy at all with the coffee refills either; we probably got about 3 each.

The entrees were all huge! I didn't realize how big they normally were because I split a plate the last couple times I came. None of us finished our entrees, but mainly just the potatoes and eggs. The Country Fried Steak was delicious. This is probably the first time I've ever ordered it for myself since I usually just take a bite of someone else's. I was told it was one of the best Country Fried Steak dishes in Vegas though, so I wanted to try it and I was not disappointed. It was thick, perfectly breaded, and came smothered in country gravy. I know lots of people don't like when things are smothered in sauce, but I do (depending on what kind of sauce). Some of the country potatoes were a little burnt around the edges, but I like crunchy potatoes, so I can't complain about that either. 

My mom's Frita looked pretty tasty, but I didn't try any of it. It was served in a little skillet and the first thing my mom said when she took a bite was, "Oh, it's pretty good!" My dad's plate came with two Huevos Rancheros served on tostadas, rice, and beans. The rice looked like they tried to serve it in a small ball, but it must've fell apart and the beans had cheese on top, but it wasn't melted at all. I'm sure they put the cheese on top of the beans right before they brought it out though because I remember hearing one of the chef's saying, "No, the cheese on the beans. The cheese needs to go on top of the beans!" The apple fritter I ordered with my meal was pretty tasty...on the inside. The outside was a little too sweet for my taste since it was fried and covered in glaze. 

Overall, I would consider this place to be a local gem. A lot of the food is pretty heavy, but they also have a "lighter fare" section on the menu, so you don't have to force your buttons to explode. The prices are also decent. The breakfast entrees range from $2-$13 (don't expect to get much for $2 though) and they also have daily specials.

Tips*
-THEY ARE CLOSED ON MONDAYS! The first two times I tried to eat here just happened to be on Mondays, so I ended up eating at Nanay Glorias next door. 
-Look out for the daily specials that are posted on a little sign at your table AND on the board when you just walk in. They both have different specials though, so you have to look at both
-Post a review on Yelp.com and get a complimentary egg breakfast on your next visit!
-Breakfast special 7am-9am Mon-Fri: 
Egg Breakfast:  $3.99
1 Pancake, 2 Eggs, Meat:  $3.99
2 Eggs, Toast, Potatoes:  $1.99
1/2 Monte Cristo (A La Carte):  $4.99
Groupon breakfast!!! Came here with a friend who loves breakfast. I've been trying to find more country style breakfasts in the area since I get a little homesick sometimes. The inside of the restaurant is quite cute and reminds me of some of the restaurants back in Roswell, GA that I frequented as a child. The menus took us a while to browse. My friend had the biscuits and gravy and I had the country fried steak and eggs. Our server was really nice and friendly and took our Groupon right away (which I like cuz then it's not sitting there getting food on it). My entree came with a side so I picked the apple fritter (which was a pleasant surprise since it was huge and crispy and delicious). The meal was quite awesome and a pleasant surprise since I wasn't sure what to expect of a country style breakfast place in the middle of China Town. Will definitely be back the next time I'm homesick.
Middle of the week, not very many customers, and the service was slow. Food was average, but did notice food not eaten by customers. Found burnt onion peel in scrambled eggs and hash browns.  I think this cafe has a new chef, the waitress had to keep telling him he was doing ok. The chef kept yelling "Food up" and the whole cafe could hear him, get a small bell or light, not that pleasant. I do not know how this could be the best of Las Vegas?
I thought of going down to 4 stars for the coffee (it isn't great), but  the amazing breakfast specials and great food definately make up for it. The service was excellent as well.
Had a coupon from kshp for this place....under new ownership, I think these ones one last long either.  This is a one and done for me.  I eat out at least 40 meals a month so I know my food.  First off the decor is fine, cute little place.  Service was fine, pleasant waitress.  Coffee average, but when I saw their specialty was an apple fritter made in ThisFABULOUS maple syrup, I was so excited as I consider myself a donut junky.  Omg then it arrived, there is noooooo way this is even made on the premises, it looked like one of those doughy Vons fritters, annnnnnnnnnnnd they charge $3.99 for it.  Worst item ever for the money at a restaurant.  Breakfast burrito was mushy and the eggs my friend ordered were undercooked.  To top it all off they charged an extra $8.99 omelet to my check (by accident ) they said.  Would definitely say stay out of koreatown for this meal.
I love breakfast, so when my friend brought me here I was excited! For such a small place, it sure has an extensive menu with a lot of choices! This restaurant reminded me of the small country kitchens you might see in the movies where there are a lot of regulars, and everyone knows each other's name and what they like. I had the biscuits and gravy, and it was fantastic! Not too salty, and just the right amount of gravy over the huge biscuits. Our server was sweet and very attentive without being overbearing. I will definately be coming back!
When we got in there is a sign that says "wait to be seated", so we waited. The place was pretty empty and the one waitress was chatting with a table. After a few minutes she looked over at us and just told us sit anywhere. Rude! I got the big breakfast which is pretty much a sample of every staple. Bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, country potatoes, toast. Everything tasted like nothing. Except the potatoes they were chard. My hubby got pancakes which were equally tasteless. When I went to pay the bill The waitress asked me how everything was and I told her. As she was running my card she says "Oh, you should have told me earlier. i would have done something". Guess what, you could do something now and not charge me. I will never EVER be back to this place.. EVER!
Waking up at 5:30am is a new habit of mine. I try to be as healthy as possible and go to the gym. Afterwards, I am a ravenous fiend and it is hard to not give in to breakfast. By the time I am finished, it is 8am and there is not many options in Chinatown for breakfast. Usually mixed reviews scare me, but I want to experience a place before completely dismissing an establishment.

It is one of those come expecting nothing and leaving with everything type of encounters. Breakfast places tend to not be the healthiest, so I do not even pretend that it is low in calories. I ordered a Veggie Omelet($9.99) minus cheese add avocado. Cheese and I have a love hate relationship. When it comes to omelets, I prefer the green stuff to give my meal a velvety texture. The vegetables are not overflowing, but had a nice mix of tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and bell peppers. The egg mixture was fluffy yet solid which was impressive. Usually tomatoes and mushrooms release water making the omelet runny, but not here. It kept it's shape well and was delightful. A side of home fries or hash accompanies it. Don't forget about the toast, fried bread, or apple fritter. I got the last item and it was good. I have my dad to blame for my love of this fried treat since childhood. The fry each one to order then slather on the icing. When it arrives, it is pipping hot and needs a minute to cool. Trust me, those two minutes are the most excruciating. Once past magma stage it is great except the middle was not cooked all the way.

My waitress was the only one working today. If it was busy, this would be problematic. Since there were three other tables besides myself, she was attentive. I didn't get that "welcome to my house" feel everyone was talking about, but it was cozy. 

Check out the specials on Tuesday-Friday. There is a list of options for under $5. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qjLlFfu2pnJ9lVYlj-4QVg?select=OSaZJITQDnMHu9sP7UVQwg
Worth the drive from the strip if you have a car. Don't be put off that it is in a strip mall. It was definitely a hidden gem. All in the party enjoyed it. Only problem for me was what to choose on their extensive menu. PB&J waffle or the Works waffle or the much awarded Monte Cristo. Good value as many come with several sides.  Nice cozy family run business with great service. I'll be back
Best monte cristo I've ever had. Portion was large enough that 2 people could share it.
I'm not really a breakfast man cause waking up in the early hours just isn't in my possibilities but I often get dragged out for breakfast with my girlfriend so all is lost. 

We decided on the Maple tree because we haven't been here before and it had some good reviews on Yelp. It was very quaint inside. The service was great and very friendly. Which is always a plus for me since I love good service. 

I had the french toast breakfast and it was very good. I would recommend this restaurant to my friends as it was fairly priced and food quality was great. The service was excellent and that's perfect in my eye's. 

If your looking for a good breakfast spot this is just as good as any other breakfast location.

The Vegas Villain
We went there last Sunday for breakfast. Husband ordered the Ham Steak breakfast with eggs, potatoes & toast (dry). Toast came out with butter, ok not really that big a deal right! I ordered biscuits & gravy & added bacon & eggs (ordered poached). The biscuits & gravy & bacon came out, no eggs...I asked the girl about the eggs, she went to the back. She finally came out with them & they were fried eggs. The biscuits had such a strong yeast taste & the gravy was bland & expensive for the quality. We won't be back for sure! Unfriended them on FB as well!
Food is always good at the Maple Leaf
My first impression when pulling in the parking lot was, well we must have the wrong address. It was such an odd location. But after stepping into the quaint little dining room it all felt right. 

The menu is very impressive with so many breakfast choices. I really wanted to try the Monte Cristo, but was craving my usual skillet so I decided to save the Monte Cristo for next time, assuming there'd be one. 

Papa D is faithful to his P90X diet so all he ordered was an egg white omelet. They actually had a few "light" items on their menu to choose from so if you're watching your waistline, you still have plenty of options. They offer oatmeal, yogurt, and protein pancakes. When I'm on my fitness frenzy, I will try the protein pancakes. But not today. Today I needed FAT, and lots of it!!!

I ordered the Frita Skillet with spinach and sausage. The skillets are layered with crispy potatoes and lotsa cheese and topped with two eggs. I agonized over whether to order the maple apple fritter or the fried bread, and I really don't know why I ordered the fried bread, but I'm glad I did as it was heavenly. It was like having dessert with your breakfast.

Our service was spectacular and I can see The Maple Tree Caf becoming one of my new favorite breakfast nooks!
It wasn't difficult to find, however the area it's self was kind of sketchy.

Inside it was nice and cozy -- we went on a Wednesday at 8:45am.  We wanted to avoid the going to work crowd and the lunch crowd.

There were only two tables taken and the waitress told us to sit anywhere.  She was very friendly and offered us a few suggestions since it was our first time there.

My husband already knew what he was having as that was basically our main purpose for going there and it was for him to taste the Red Velvet Pancakes that he had read about in a magazine.

The waitress mentioned that their chili was homemade and really good so I got the chili cheese omelet and my mom went with the standard scrambled eggs and crispy bacon.

I also ordered the maple coffee, which was a little sweet for me but I usually drink my coffee black.

Service was quick.  My husband totally loved the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Chili was in fact really good and the omelet was fluffy.

My mom was happy they got the bacon crispy, which is something she always complains about.

We will definitely come back on our next vacation to Las Vegas.

I took pictures, wish I knew how to upload them =(

Figured out how to add the pictures of the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Chili Cheese Omelet.....it's attached now.
Best Monte Cristo and Red Velvet Pancakes! Another customer there was telling me he is a great fan of the buck wheat pancakes.
Friendly service one of my favorite places to have breakfast.
First time guest,service was average,food was great. Monte Cristo and Red Velvet pancakes very decadent and completly worth the calories.
Stopped by after reading some of the reviews.....good sized portions but the quality is below par...service is great though! All of the girls are very friendly.
What? 3 stars only? This place is gold!!!!

I stumbled upon this place years ago, when I lived around the corner. And fell in love! Sure, it's small and can be cramped on the weekend--- but that makes it cozy! The decorations are quaint and cute, making it feel like a dining room from a B&B rather than a restaurant smack in the middle of a strip mall.

The servers here are nothing but friendly. It's a small, local place, so everyone knows each other. I went so many times that each server started to recognize me.  

But what really clinches this place is the food. Heavenly breakfasts, my favorite meal, Every time, I order the maple french toast--- soo good! Add to that a maple muffin, and it's sweet carb heaven. They used to serve great sausages here, too, but changed the menu. Disappointing, but wouldn't keep me away!

I recently moved to L.A., and have yet to find a replacement for Maple Tree. It sucks, because it was our tradition to go here every weekend. I can't wait to go back, next time I'm in town!
My first time here. Had to use a groupon I bought. This is a mom and pop type of dining, cute setting, small and busy. 

The servers were very friendly, maybe a little too much. Almost every couple minute someone would come up and say is everything okay? 

I ordered the Big Breakfast with a side of Red Velvet Pancakes. I ordered that because I was originally going to order the Pancakes by itself and add some food to it. The way the menu was written, it seemed like I would get 2 eggs, 2 sausage or bacon, hash brown for $2 but the server said it's actually $2 per item which is quite pricey. The pancake was alright, it was my first time trying a red velvet pancake.

My bf ordered the Chicken and Waffles and he said it was too plain for him. The chicken had no taste to it and was very dry.

The OJ was very good and fresh.
Good breakfast place, excellent service.
I used the Yelp deal here, which was no problem at all.
I would go back here for sure.

The place did miss the WOW factor, which gives it 4 out of 5 stars.  The  Breakfast Burrito was decent sized, but what I didn't like was the grease in the bottom of the burrito. 
I wouldn't order that again, but would go back and try something new.
I've had a Groupon for months and I let it expire.  This was my first time using an expired Groupon for its original cost rather than what it would be worth and thinks went smoothly.

I had plans this morning that fell through because of the strong winds.  What to do?  Stop somewhere for breakfast.  Since I had the Groupon, why not get the value out of the original purchase.

I've driven by the Maple Tree a number of times so it was a piece of cake to get to.  There were only two other tables occupied as it was getting close to 10:30.  The server told be I could sit anywhere I wanted and I chose a table near the kitchen doors with a view of the front of the place.

On the way in, I noticed there was a special today--red velvet waffle.  I ordered that along with sausage links.  When the waffle was brought from the kitchen, it looked like a regular waffle.  The young woman said something along the lines of, "It looks brown but there's a bit of red there.  It's red velvet."  We both chuckled.

The waffle was served with their maple flavored cream cheese and toasted pecans.  There was also a small container of maple syrup which really wasn't needed.  While the waffle didn't look like red velvet, it did taste like it and it was quite good.  The sausage links were very hot and good and my coffee was refilled anytime I needed.  Service was very good and the two young women were very pleasant.

This is off the beaten path for me.  Normally I'm on my way home in the evening when I'm coming through this section of Chinatown and since they're open for breakfast and lunch, this will be only an occasional stop.
UPDATE---- The place got sold :(

This is no longer the restaurant that I raved about. The menu, service, decor... everything is different. It's not the worst dining experience I've ever had, but it pales steeply in comparison to how Maple Tree used to be. 

I'll always hold a spot for you in my heard, Old Maple Tree
The sign on the window says 'Countryside Kitchen' and it's on the money. Even though the location is a bit out of place (the edge of Las Vegas' Chinatown), as someone from the South, I felt very home with the staff and decor. And the food!  The food was great!

I definitely recommend this little cafe for those wanting a taste of home.
This review is based on the "new" Maple Tree since the Restaurant Impossible makeover this week. We went for dinner last night at around 7:30. I had never been to the Maple Tree before but was excited to try it out to see what had been done. I saw pics of what it used to look like and I loved the new decor and look of the place. The outside needs updating and they are in a pretty awful looking plaza on the corner of Spring Mountain and Jones. We were seated right away as it was not very busy, I guess they have never been a dinner spot so this is all new to them... and it showed.

Before I get into food... the service needs work. They need to pay attention and listen when orders are placed and they should really take the time to learn the new menu... I understand its only a day but you don't know if there is sauce on the burger or not? The funniest moment came when one of the busser girls walked by and asked if I would like a refill on my soda (that I hadn't even ordered but was brought to me anyway). I said no thank you I'm ok, so she asked if she could take the glass... there was still a good amount of soda in it! I kind of looked at her confused and said no I would like to finish that. The biggest negative for service for me was that they had way too many staff there (not sure if this was because of  the show) but their servers and hosts were all huddled up by the hostess stand talking at the front of the restaurant. Even one of the girls that looked like she might be a manager or something was there as well.

On to the food... I was pretty surprised that for a place known for its breakfast food that they now have a full dinner menu (created by Robert Irvine I'm sure) but not what we were expecting at all. Was actually a bit disappointed because I was hoping for breakfast food. I ordered the burger ($10 w/ bacon added) and my girlfriend ordered the steak ($14). The steak was a "baseball cut" and had good flavor but wasn't a great cut of meat. The $10 filet at Firefly is a much better buy. The burger (beef/short rib) that the waitress asked if "medium-well" was ok came out well done. I'm pretty sure it was supposed to have cheese according to the menu and I don't eat tomatoes but they were pretty ugly looking tomatoes. The saving grace of the burger was the awesome thick cut bacon on top! Delicious! The fries had the look and taste of store bought frozen fries, but I could be wrong.

I believe that with a few minor changes this place could do better! I don't know if the dinner menu is going to save this place though. A more well trained staff would be a huge next step after the beautiful interior renovation that was done. I would also highly recommend they work on the store front as well.
Restaurant Impossible has done well for this place. Located in a strip mall, they only have about 15 quad tables in one open room.  I had the country fried steak and eggs up with hash browns.  They didn't have any biscuits made, so I got the apple fritter to-go.  The steak is advertised on the menu as pan fried and I thought it was pan fried but the chef who I talked to later said it was deep fried. The steak was thick and breaded just right.  The seasoning was good.  The hash browns were crispy and seasoned good.  You can tell the potatoes were turning color before they were cooked.  Maybe they can find a way to stop the color change.  The white sausage gravy was good too.  I thought this was one of the best CFS I have had.  I talked to the chef later to recommend putting the steak on top of the gravy to present the crispy golden brown steak instead of smothering it with gravy.  She said she would try it and see what it looks like.  That's when she said it's deep fried. Oh well... regardless how it's described in the menu, I enjoyed it either way.

The apple fritter is made from scratch and is fried to order, so I did have to eat some of it while it was fresh out of the fryer.  It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Just melts in your mouth good.

This restaurant will be on Restaurant Impossible in the near future.  Check out what Robert Irvine started with and what they ended up with.  A good surprise.
the red velvet pancakes were horrible and brown, and potatos were over cooked and bland.. would not recommend
We decided to try this place again, yesterday. I looked online at the new menu (I need to plan ahead and try to see what would do the less damage to my new restricted diet guidelines). BTW, I had gotten a message from the new manager about coming back after my last review (disappointing bread crumbs filled crab cakes lacking lump crab meat; a huge change from previous visits). We were planning on using the entertainment coupon (which they still do accept). However, yesterday was a packed house. (Immediately, we noticed the new decor and theme of the restaurant- it's gone yuppy (black paint and sleek modern lines), kinda like the Luxor when it dumped the Egyptian theme; a shame, because there was an old country charm about it before, kinda like the unchanged original Omelet House). We opted to sit at the bar (warning: small stools), but it was facing the sun, so it was warm (even with the blackout shade); my husband got uncomfortable really quick. As we were looking at the menus, I noticed that there numerous changes to the menus, not reflected online (update, please!). We were sitting for a good eight minutes, but were ignored by the wait staff. Another patron sat next to us at the bar. Almost immediately, his drink order was taken (we didn't get any acknowledgement, except from the hostess, upon entering the restaurant). My husband got up, and declared to me that we were leaving. So, with that, we'll never be back.
Took my staff here for lunch on Friday after hearing about the RI update.  I'm anxious to see the show, but I'm happy to give it my thumbs up.

Service is quick and attentive.  Servers are friendly and spoke briefly with the owner to ask how things were going since the filming and she indicated that things were better than before, but some changes were still in process.  

We arrived at about 12:30 and the place was fairly busy.  I don't know if they were serving dinner that evening, but we elected to order from the B/L menu.

Overall ratings from the group were
Red Velvet Pancakes ++ better than most
Monte Cristo ++ really nicely done
Corned Beef Hash ++ some of the best I've had
Heuvos Ranchero ++ Nice presentation, great portion

Once again, everything was quite good.  Service was quick and friendly and the new decor is very new and clean.  

We were all impressed and will be back again...perhaps for dinner next time.
We've been going to the same places for Saturday breakfast so we decided to try this Cafe as a change because I remember going there years ago with my father.  The decor is nice and modern but that's about it. We sat down and waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we had placed a drink order. There were probably 10 people seated so it wasn't busy. I ordered the New England Benny which was good but my wifes Country Fried Steak looked like a thick cut piece of pot roast that was breaded and fried. It was very dry and stringy. My daughters Red Velvet pancakes where dry as well even with cream cheese frosting. The food was ok but the faults lie in the wait staff. They werent rude, just absent. We had to ask 2 times for sugar (which isnt on the table) for my wife's ice tea and thank goodness for ordering water cause after finishing our drinks no one even bothered to check and see if we needed refills or even how our meal was. We say or waitress 3 times total. Once to order both our drinks and meal cause we had more then enough time to look and 2 times when she dropped off our meals. That was it. The only time we had prompt service is when my wife spilled her water and a server magically appeared with a towel next to me. The part that I found to be very awkward was when the check came. I handed the hostess my card, she returned with the paper for me to sign and just awkwardly stood at the table and waited for my wife to fill out the paper. That has never happened to us before. It felt like we were being hussled out. And when we left and past the hostess she didn't even acknowledge us on the way out. I'm a chef at a five star hotel on the strip and if this had happened at one of our restaurants the staff would be terminated. I hope that the problems that I saw (which are just my own opinion) get fixed cause this new Maple Leaf Cafe has potential.
Horrible service in every area today. We waited at the host stand for over 4mins as well as another party; they sat themselves but we waited. Finally sat we waited for drinks for several mins. We ordered the breakfast burrito and the spring rolls. Well the spring rolls were way over cooked and the breakfast burrito was made with sausage instead of bacon like it was ordered. The hash browns were burnt as well. After in forming the server she looked at us and just shrugged her shoulders like oh well! She did bring the food back to the kitchen and explained to the cook about the food and we heard the cook say it's not burnt they don't know what their talking about. The food came back cooked ok but not anything like we were used to before the remodel. We loved this place but now we won't be back!
Not terrible, but definitely JUST OKAY. My husband had a Ham & Cheese Omelette with Hash Browns and Sourdough Toast with a side of Fried Bread. I had the Maple Tree French Toast which is cornflake coated. The bread used for my French Toast was very small and thin. The cornflakes weren't crushed enough. There were just cornflakes randomly pressed into the bread. I have had French Toast that is cornflake coated before and it's a lot more fine and the French Toast is COATED. The Maple Syrup was nothing special at all. The Fried Bread was just fine. Service was super awesome, yummy Iced Tea, and very cute decor. Overall, the food wasn't terrible, but was mediocre and nothing special... at all.
I have been eating at this restaurant for years. I've seen many changes... new owners... new menus.. new decor. 

Honestly, I've seen a pleasant improvement here. The service was top notch the last few visits. [Always a full drink. Quick service. Quality menu.  The servers always ask about the quality of the meal.] I feel like they actually care about their restaurant and their customers. 

I really enjoyed the Denver Omelet. The Maple Coffee is pretty amazing (and has been a favorite of mine for a while). I also recommend the Apple Fritters if you are looking for some comfort food :). 

I am very happy to see this place succeed and progress.
Ok, so I guess the before and afters (Restaurant Impossible, that is) do this place a bit of justice, at least when it comes to the decor.  Otherwise, it seemed like it was the same food...not that I had a problem with the food to begin with.

I was there for the Restaurant Impossible episode and ordered a whole slew of food.  Everything from lunch to breakfast.  When I say everything, I mean it.  See below for the list of ordered items:

Grilled chicken spinach salad--onions, feta, tomato, and bacon vinaigrette dressing on the side 
California Omelet--egg whites, bacon, tomato, avocado with potatoes on the side
Side of bacon

*Gluten Free specialties*
Chicken Fried Steak with gravy
Red Velvet Waffles (complete with pecans and cream cheese)
Red Velvet Pancakes (complete with pecans and cream cheese)

Did I say that this was for three people?  Lol.  Oh man, my boyfriend, Jude N, and friend Nicole B, had a field day.  Since I confirmed for three of us, we ate to our heart's delight.  Did I feel like a fat@#$$ afterwards?  Definitely.  However, it was worth it.  Almost everything was amazing.  The bacon was a bit singed, the steak and gravy a bit dry, and the GF Red Velvet waffles were also dry.  Otherwise, I thought that everything else was pretty tasty.  The salad was delicious (love a good salad), potatoes were pretty good, the omelet was so huge that I was thankful we were sharing.  Soooooo good.  We devoured the pancakes in less than five minutes.  I guess the fact that the decor was (as other Yelpers so eloquently put it) straight out of the 70s and the service was a bit slow, but otherwise, I enjoyed my meal.  Can't say the same for the rest of the patrons that were there for the taping.

However, my boyfriend and I recently returned to see what had happened as a result of Restaurant Impossible coming in.  Glad to say that the decor is more hip/trendy and not a sight for sore eyes.  They moved the hostess booth to the front vs. having it toward the back.  Also, it just feels more roomy in the restaurant/cafe.  

We changed up our orders this time and opted for the Steak and Eggs, Gluten Free Red Velvet Pancakes w/ pecans and cream cheese, Veggie omelet--egg whites, onion, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes--with a side of potatoes, as well as a side of bacon.  We almost ate all of it, except that I took home some potatoes and another order of pancakes (free with check in).  This time, zero complaints whatsoever.  They cooked the steak medium (per Jude's instructions) and it was pretty juicy/tasty.  The bacon was definitely more on the crispy side, instead of being burnt.  They definitely made the omelet the way I wanted it, egg whites vs. regular eggs, and triple checked to see that we wanted the Gluten Free Red Velvet pancakes, which were phenomenal.  Zero complaints, for sure.  I liked that they were pretty attentive, chatty, and were more than willing to sub in gluten free pancakes for the regular ones, in case we chose to do so, since that's one of their new check in deals.

All in all, I'll be coming back.  The location is definitely what is killing them, since they're surrounded by so many other food choices in Chinatown.  But if you're wanting Gluten free deliciousness, I definitely would give this place a try.  Not only do they have some affordable prices, but their food is quite tasty.  Make sure to sign up on their email list in case you want coupons or deals sent to your inbox.  

Til next time.
Never noticed this place until my mom told me Restaurant Impossible was coming in to fix them up! Its right by my house! I finally tried it over the weekend first time ever I had red velvet pancakes in my life! It was something I wish I could have every morning for breakfast it was that good! The waitress was very nice and a pleasure to have, Im sure Robert played a role in it, we will be back for sure as regular customers! AND ITS CHEAPER SAME QUALITY AS IHOP!
Cute place mostly due to the restaurant impossible makeover.  Food was good not great.  My girl and I love local spots vs the trendy hot spots in the malls and casinos so we will probably support one of their locations.  strangely enough the staff seemed a bit nervous and confused but our service was spot on just a bit strange.  to add to the peculiar visit, our check arrive at the table before our main entrees...strange...confusing but no big deal.  My lady had the country fired steak and eggs and i the pulled pork. both very good and piping hot out of the kitchen.  sliders were very good as well.  fries were super hot and delicious however i noticed some folks with fresh cut fries and we had the old frozen fried numbers.  we will ask about that on the next visit.  menu selections look fantastic and based on our experience today we are excited to try a few more of the offerings.  hopefully the restaurant impossible culture shock will wear off next trip
Horrible!  Horrible!  HORRIBLE!!!  If you are going to this restaurant due to seeing it on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE, don't bother!  It's not worth it!  My husband and I were there today (Oct. 1, 2012) at 12:30 pm.  It took about 5-10 minutes after we were seated to get our drinks ordered.  Then our food order was taken. FIFTY MINUTES later, we were STILL waiting for our food!  People who came in well after us got their hot food while we sat there!  We finally got up and left, paying for our drinks, and got lunch elsewhere.  The pre-pubescent "server" with short, blond hair (Hayley??)  couldn't have cared less and had a crappy attitude!  Robert Irvine needs to come back and kick some butt, though I doubt this would help with this staff who obviously don't care about the customers.  I agree with someone else's comment that this place needs to be on Restaurant Stakeout!  Once the "thrill" of seeing this place on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE wears off, I give this place six months tops before it's gone.   I wish I could give this place less that one star as a one is WAY too high!   Don't bother coming here.  This place DESERVES to fail!  Definitely won't be back!
NOTHING was done to try to make up for the issue.  One would think that we would have been told not to worry about our drinks. !   Nope.  NOTHING.   My husband is a diabetic.  He had already taken his insulin thinking that we'd have our food within 20 minutes at the latest....not be sitting there FIFTY MINUTES later without food!  We had to get him something to eat. The owner just gives a lot of EXCUSES, just like she did on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE.  I can handle an APOLOGY (which we DID NOT get!); not incompetence!   The fact that this place barely has three starts should tell you something.  NOT worth going to!
The Gluten Free community needs more restaurants like this!!

Another great find on the Gluten Free Registry. On our last day in Vegas, I searched for a "breakfast house" that specialized in or at least catered to Gluten Free ingredients and preparation. The Maple Tree Cafe has so many items that can be ordered gluten free. 

I decided to try the Red Velvet Waffle and it was fantastic! Flavor and texture was just as if I was eating a regular waffle. My daughter ordered the regular red velvet pancakes and loved she loved those as well. My husband took a bite of each and commented that the gluten free tasted better to him. Big surprise, because he swears he will always know the difference. 

There are 3 in the Vegas area, I say they need to expand to Ca.
We came here for late breakfast..early lunch.. And I have to say I'm disappointed with all the hype my friends have for the joint. I got the cinnamon roll french toast and coffee. It didn't come with eggs, potatoes, meats nada.. Wait it came with an orange slice. Here's the kicker.. It cost me $14!! So many better places where I can get a huge breakfast for less. I'm actually still a little hungry :(
Went there years ago, did not like the ambience. Went there few weeksa ago and liked the ambience. However, my hashbrowns were half raw and the toast was the 69 cent kind that was as small as the palm of my hand, and smaller, it was processed not whole wheat and had something resembling butter barely drizzled on it. The coffee was weak and not at all good. The egg whites were good. Service good, but waitress could have smiled once or twice. I would never go here again, Try Cracked Egg. They have sourdough toast that is delicious and the coffee, the best!!
I didn't get the Monte Cristo but my friend did. He let me try a piece and it was actually pretty good. Especially the maple sauce :D! I'm not a fan of ham too much, though, just sometimes. But not bad.

I simply got an egg breakfast and it was pretty typical. Probably would have to try other varied stuff in the future.

Monte Cristo is definitely a must try. Ask them for recommendations. They will tell you what's most popular.


Service was expected. Nothing too over the top. They were nice enough and if I needed anything, I felt comfortable enough to ask. Water didn't taste very nice, though :b.
I liked the Gluten Free Red Velvet Waffle, it was a little dry, but hey, can't be too picky for GF!
 Bree was GREAT. In case you haven'y caught on, my family and I can be a handful. Luckily, we had the place to ourselves for the first hour. Bree joked with us, and tolerated my Mom's weird coffee/food issues.
 Food was plentiful, hot, and we got everything just how we asked for it!
In Vegas for the weekend was told this had the best breakfast. Sad to say that is not what we got. Arrived on a Sunday around 11. We were seated and a drink order was taken right away. After the drinks came and we ordered food it took about 20 minutes for the food to come out. When it arrived it was Luke warm. I had the monte cristo which was good but the meat inside was cold as though it had just been taken out of the cooler. My husband had the kielbasa breakfast which was decent but the potatoes were room temperature. I would not go out of my way to eat here again.
We decided to give this place a try for breakfast. 
The restaurant was popping but luckily there was one table open and so we didn't have to wait.
The decor is very nice. It is tiny inside but the tables are laid out nicely. 

I started out with a cup of coffee. That led to 2 more cups because it was delicious. 
Then it was time to order my meal. I had a hard time deciding between a few things but  finally decided on the "Maple Tree French Toast". It had some sort of corn flake batter it was cooked in and I would totally order it again! It doesn't come with any sides but they are generous with the french toast you wont go home hungry. I did order a side of bacon because bacon is too tasty and I wanted to try theirs out :)

The server as well others checked on us often and were very kind. The other people in my party were very pleased with their meals too! I will for sure be back to The Maple Tree!
Visited before the remodel wasn't planning on returning, watched restaurant impossible decided to come back and give the place another try and it was AWESOME!!! Everything was great keep it up!!!
Didn't leave an impression on me.

Came here for lunch today because my coworker saw them on the show "Restaurant Impossible" on the food network, so I was expecting to be somewhat blown away.  Unfortunately I wasn't. 

The restaurant is located in Chinatown. This particular location has horrible parking. When we walked inside, I was underwhelmed at the set up and decor. Nothing spectacular and not inviting. 

I wanted to order a buffalo chicken sandwich until the server informed me it was ground chicken as opposed to a breast meat. I opted for sliders instead.  It wasn't good. I've definitely had better at other American chain restaurants. 

Service was alright. Again, nothing to rave about. They were attentive enough. 

Overall for a show that's been on national television I was definitely expecting something more.. A wow factor you might say.  However I won't be making a repeat visit.
I wanted to love this place. I can't have gluten and the idea of going out to eat at a place where I could actually get pancakes really excited me!  Sadly, I was disappointed.

We went on a Sunday after completing the Zombie Run at Sunset Park. It was myself and my teenage son and our bellies were hungry after putting in a good run. Just in case you're wondering--we were both killed by zombies before crossing the finish line.

Anyway, I figured it was a perfect time to try out The Maple Tree. I was surprised that there was no wait on a Sunday. I expected it would be really busy. There were two open tables in the small restaurant and the last one filled up shortly after we were seated. So, the place was full but there wasn't a line of people waiting or anything. 

I was kind of disappointed with the decor. It was really blah and the weird topiary things on the back wall were just odd. I think they could really do something different to make the place feel cozier or even play up their maple theme a bit better. 

The staff was great. Very friendly. We both ordered the red velvet pancakes; mine being gluten-free. I also ordered their maple latte. That latte was EXCELLENT. Loved it! And I'll just say now, I'd go back for the latte alone. However, the pancakes....they were flavorless. So, they are covered with cream cheese and toasted pecans. You pour you syrup over that and you have a wonderful flavor combination. But take a bite of the pancakes with none of the toppings and there is zero flavor. I'm not kidding; zero flavor! I thought maybe it was because mine were GF. I asked my son what he thought and his answer was, "They're good with all the toppings but when I take a bite of just pancakes, they don't taste like anything." 

I'm giving this place 3 stars because of their friendly staff, that excellent latte and the fact that I only tried one item. Good service goes along way for me and I'm willing to give a place another shot based on that. Also, I found out there is another Maple Tree up here in Centennial. So, I will try again and see if I have any luck with their buttermilk pancakes.
I've been there three times since the Restaurant Impossible folks came through.  I can see the old habits coming back each time I go in and after this last visit, I probably won't go back.  
Our server didn't know the menu and didn't seem to want to work that day.  She had no idea what kind of salad dressings they could offer.  She just kind of moped her way through our 45 minutes there.  The salads and a bowl of chili were served with the meal and not prior.  
I ordered a hot sandwich.  When it was served, some of the meat was refrigerator cold.  Since the waitress was surprised, I touched the piece of meat I was referring to and she did the same.  I expected a replacement sandwich, but I can tell that all they did was put it in the microwave.  My room temperature bun was now very warm, my fries came back soggy and my pickle scalding hot.  It goes without saying that the meat the waitress touched was still in there.
Really good breafast food items. Love the huevos rancheros and the gluten free pancakes. They even made my son a mickey mouse pancake. Its hard to find good gluten free food at restaurants.
Of course just like everyone else I came because they were on Food Network's Restaurant Impossible. So last week was my second time here because the first time we came 10 minutes prior to closing and the host says to us were closed and no doubt she had that look on her face of us daring to even enter.  Finally made it back and I ordered the country fried steak with apple fritter substitute since that was something that was featured on the show. The country fried steak was really delicious and the country potatoes as well. The breading on the steak was a little on the thick side but the gravy definitely helped. I finished my entire plate. I waited to eat the fritter later and it was honestly so hard it was inedible and when it was first originally served it didn't look too fresh, but was warm. Maybe they cooked it earlier and just microwaved it? Something that occurs a lot at restaurants on RI. My friends order the pulled pork sandwich and the turkey wrap. Unfortunately the food was just "okay" and didn't wow them.  So it won't be enough for them to come to this place? I want to come back, but I don't think I actually will?
Great food!! Horrible service, the girls were rude, and not attentive. the waitresses need to go through a training course on people skills in the food industry.
I really don't like writing negative reviews but I was quite disappointed with The Maple Tree. I was excited to try this place after seeing it on Restaurant Impossible. If this is "after" transformation, I wonder what the "before" was like.

Even though it doesn't  fit in with the Asian businesses in the shopping center, the interior is nice and quaint.  We went on a Sunday morning and were the only non-Senior citizens for some reason. Luckily they have high chairs so they are kid friendly.

They advertised the Monte Cristo sandwich on their window so I ordered that along with Red Velvet Pancakes. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak. We both got coffee and it tasted watered down. I didn't taste any Red Velvet in my pancakes. The Monte Cristo was interesting but nothing special. The Country Fried Steak was chewy and the batter wasn't sticking and wasn't flavorful at all. Their famous apple fritter was hard and didn't taste fresh. I has high hopes that I would like at least one thing we ordered since we ordered a lot of items; however we didn't like a single one of them.

Albeit the tasteless food, the service was good. The hostess and servers were friendly and attentive. 

I was surprised to learn that they have two other locations in town which makes me wonder how they survive with mediocre food. Sadly, I will not be back.
I loved the apple fritter!
I ate here for breakfast with family the morning we were leaving Vegas.  I was intrigued by the fact that it was on Restaurant Impossible and wanted to give it a shot.  The decor was nice and the service was great.  Our waitress was very friendly and super attentive.  

The food was very good.  The part that impressed my most was that the food was not overly salty like a lot of breakfast places.  I got the corned beef hash.  It came with two eggs, hash browns, and fried bread (think funnel cake).  The corned beef hash seems to be a popular item.  I also tried some of my mom's country potatoes and oatmeal.  Both were delicious and I was impressed that the oatmeal came with some fresh and high quality items to mix in (blueberries, nuts, brown sugar,etc.)

Prices were reasonable and overall we had a good breakfast experience.  I would return to eat there again.
The food was good. The main reason we came was the gluten free options. I was surprised by the decor. The pictures are dirty and could use a good scrubbing. I also find the back purple wall with what is supposed to be topiary balls disgusting. Even my 5 year old son said, "Eeww! what are those?" and tried to steer clear of touching him when we sat down. We dubbed them the algae balls. Not appetizing in a restaurant.

Service has been fine (we have been here twice) and the was food delicious. I did find the gluten free pancakes to be bland. This was my first order, but had the cream cheese and syrup to flavor it up. Next time, I ordered gluten free chicken fried steak. I wonder if it was truly gluten free as I couldn't get specifics about the ingredients in the gravy. (I had a lot of digestive distress later, but not sure if it was from this.). My husband had huevos rancheros and he enjoyed it. It was served on a corn tortilla vs english muffin and he would order it again. (I posted pictures of our food as well as the algae balls behind us.)

I'd like to take moms and kids on slow days they may have, but they need to offer some kind of kids eat free or discount. I know they have slow days, this would help bring in more customers. I did enjoy the free pancakes via the Yelp checkin. Thank you!!!!

Yes the outside is ghetto-ish, but many places around Chinatown are like this. However, so many good restaurants to eat located in crappy places (such as Lotus of Siam). Don't judge a place by the location (lot of beautiful nice places and the food just plain stinks). Definitely will visit again and may make it our local breakfast spot as it's near our home.

I do feel they need to clean the place from floor to ceiling and definitely remove the algae balls.
Had breakfast here as we were leaving Las Vegas (no pun intended). Located off the strip and in shopping center, this cozy little spot with a somewhat remodeled modern country feel is nice.  Check in on yelp and get great little breakfast surprise too!

The wait staff are super friendly and make sure to take care of you while not imposing. We had the egg sandwich and big breakfast, which was delicious and tasty.  Their homemade salsa was not so spicy good and if this is what they serve with the Huevos Rancheros, I will definitely get this next time we are in town and having breakfast here.
My wife and I have been anxious to try this place since seeing it on Restaurant Impossible, especially since it's pretty close to an area we frequent.  The parking lot is a total cluster.  The outside of the establishment is ho-hum.  The interior is just as I remembered it from RI, but nothing spectacular.  Upon entering we were immediately greeted and told we could take a seat wherever we liked.  Unfortunately, the hostess wasn't the only thing that greeted us.  We were immediately hit with an incredibly foul odor.  I thought perhaps it was some kind of chemical smell.  My wife was sure it was more like a damp, mildew/mold funk.  Either way it was pretty overwhelming.  We were given some menus which, despite the sign outside indicating "Breakfast and Lunch", only seemed to contain breakfast items.  As it was already after noon and we were seeking lunch, we asked for, and received, lunch menus.  Nothing on the menu seemed spectacular to me.  During this time a young lady (I think her name was Bree) had already taken our drink order, continuing with what appeared to be pretty decent service.  By the time our drinks arrived we seriously hated the stench which filled the entire establishment.  There were two or three other tables filled with customers.  I assume they had all been in a combat environment which rendered them unable to smell; otherwise I can't imagine how they had consumed a meal in this joint.  Upon a bit of further discussion regarding the retched smell, we decided to leave a few bucks on the table to cover the iced tea, and bail out.  We did just that.  The smell was so bad we couldn't even stay to try to the food.  Never again.  This one is off the list.  I had high hopes, but this place didn't live up to the "smell test".
Well to start of we walked in and there was a horrible smell. Then my mom ordered coffee and she said it was the worst coffee she ever made. 30 minutes later when we got our food it was cold. Four people at our table and all our food was cold. Only thing that was good was hash towns. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Also if they have friends come in good luck getting any service.
Went to try this place because it was not too far from home and we wanted a small cafe style Sunday breakfast.  When we entered we were hit with a very foul odor, but stayed in spite of it.  Our mistake... the waitress took our drink order right away but it took 15 mins to get our drinks. The coffee was the worst cup o'joe i think i have ever drank it tasted like it was made with hose water. If you live in Vegas you know our water has alot to be desired...it all needs to be filtered!  We were never offered straws and after the first bad cup of coffee was never offered a second till halfway through our breakfast. Which was awful as well it took 40 minutes with only three other tables in the place filled we only had 4 people and ordered simple breakfast items.  I had the veggie benny which was like ice cold when it finally got there, the hollandaise  was like some glob of yellow stuff atop my poached eggs...it was like a yellow goo that didnt move it was disgusting the hash browns were so cold even the salt i added just sat on top like sprinkles. Needless to say all the orders at our table were cold and bad. However the table behind us which hosted some personal friends of one of the waitresses, arrived after us and received their food in record time...and it may even have been hot who knows..and at this point who cares. When the waitress came to clear the table she asked everyone to hand her the plates and other various items on our table. God forbid she actually walk two steps to the right and get the plates herself.  We waited and never saw her again after she finally brought us the bill. So we asked one of the other 4 waitresses to please take it so we could leave.  The pictures on the wall are smeared with food and grime. The tables are sticky from not being wiped down properly and the floors were just plain filthy. We will never go back and will let everyone we know not to go as well. This place is just bad all around.  Oh yeah one last note.... one of the waitresses seemed so stoned she couldn't even concentrate on wiping a table...she was in la la land for sure. Horrible....
We ventured here for red velvet gluten free pancakes. I saw the ad on Yelp. They are good, but way too much. I suggest sharing this. Husband had corned beef hash and toast. It was the best hash I've ever eaten in a restaurant. They also have sugar free syrup and the coffee is good. I thought the decor was cute for a breakfast place. It was also very clean and smelled yummy when we walked in.
Horrible service. I waited 20 mins for them to take my order and when she came, no friendly hello what can I get ya? All I got was "okay" followed by a blank stare. It took 30 mins for the food to come out and then it was cold. Very bland country fried steak. We walked. Did not pay and I'm never going to return. I'd rather go to arizona charlies for breakfast which is where I'm headed as I type this
We saw the show on Restaurant Impossible and noticed that they offered gluten free so we decided to make sure we visited on our trip to Vegas.  There were two waitresses working when we went in and it wasn't terribly busy since we were there after the rush so we got a table right away.  Neither waitress seemed all that enthused about being there.  

Being gluten free, I opted for eggs, hash browns and bacon and couldn't resist a side order of the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese topping.  The eggs, hash browns and bacon were great but I sent the red velvet pancakes back they were AWFUL.  When I describe them as cardboard it's spot on.  Really bad.  Hubby got an omelette and asked for a side of salsa.  He said his was delicious and he LOVED the homemade salsa.  

Overall we thought our meal was very good and we would go back, just avoid the gluten free red velvet pancakes.
I got the idea to go here from a review by a Yelp friend.  Jamms and The Egg and I are my goto Breakfast places.  I wanted to try a new place and this was it.  I got the Oatmeal with toasted pecans and blueberries.  Not much to say here but I've never had toasted pecans or blueberries in my oatmeal and this was very good.

I got a half Monte Cristo served with raspberry and maple syrup.  Geez!!!  My tastebuds went crazy happy.  Sooo... good.

The service was top shelf, refills were plenty without having to ask.  Very attentive staff and friendly.

The atmosphere was a 3 and looked like it could've doubled as a kick boxing center after closing hours, minus the mirrors.
Great  breakfast and very reasonable for the food
Excellent Food. Great Service.
The New England Benny is my favorite.
Even the coffee is good (and it's hard to find a restaurant with good food AND good coffee.
Pretty good food but cramped and loud atmosphere.
This was my first time back here in quite a while. I was thrilled to find they were open on Mondays (they didn't used to be). I was in the mood for a good egg breakfast at a fair price and this was more then I could expect.
    The eggs were great and I love the home fry potatoes. Slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I loved the grilled onions. They were simple, just the way I like it. 
    I strongly advise to pay the extra dollar and exchange the toast for an apple fritter. They are incredible.  Made fresh they are soft and not too sweet, but sweet enough. This was a great breakfast and I will be back.
I can't believe I have written my review for the maple tree yet. I adore this little spot. I tend to eat with my eyes so I've tried a lot of their plates and can't really complain on any. My favorite is their french toast! The one thing that needs is improvement are their lattes. They lack so much flavor and coffee/lattes are so essential to a good breakfast place.
Lets make this simple....the breakfast type food was excellent!   The hash browns is the best I have ever eatten and the breakfast burrito....the bomb!  Sure beats Denny's or IHOP!
I used to come here a few years back.  My mom and  I stopped in for breakfast and are sure glad we did.  She had the veggie omelet with homestyle potatoes with onions and I had the delicious veggie Benny.  The veggie benny has tomatoes, avocado with their delicious hollandaise sauce.  Their hash browns are delicious.  Check it out!
Going to Vegas saw the episode on restaurant impossible and Definitive gonna hit this place again. Gluten-free 5 stars for that! . Here we come!
I have visited this cute spot on many occasions either for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and to go and not once have I left unsatisfied. From the hostess to the server I have received great friendly attentive service. Food tastes amazing, just the fact they have vegan and vegetarian options and are willing to add or remove certain items when requested just impresses me and makes me more excited to keep coming back. The breakfast burrito, eggs benedict are two of my favorite items and never disappoint. The food arrives promptly and with great presentation. Truly happy to continue going to this place.
The food was alright and the service was terrible. There were a ton of waitresses, but it took forever to even be able place our order.
This was our go to place for breakfast....then reality TV stepped in.  Went just after the change....was not impressed...the menu was not even close to the what it used to be...and the food was not that great either the eggs benedict had shaved ham...I didn't care for it...oh well.  Went again because friends wanted to check it out (they were picking up the check so I went along) It was Mother's day and the place was dead.  Went for the 3rd and last time yesterday because I found an unused Groupon..it was a Tuesday at about 11:30am there was one other table of 5 or 6. I had a California omlette it had sour cream on it that had a funky taste didn't eat that  pushed it to the side of my plate....the hashbrowns tasted like they had been sitting around for some time..and the toast was cold.  My daughter had the biscuits and gravy  the meat in it tasted like hotdogs.  Its too bad about this place because we used to enjoy going there for breakfast
Visiting Vegas means I have to try meeting up with at least one old friend. We decided on Sunday brunch and this place seemed nice and convenient. 

There were no lines. and we were seated pretty quickly. I shared Huevos rancheros and a plate of pancakes with a friend. I do have to say the Huevos rancheros were pretty good, especially with the pulled pork on top. 

The pancakes were good pancakes. Nothing too special. 

And the apple fritter tasted like an apple old fashion donut..

This restaurant is pretty small and they seem to have a good amount of waiting staff. But somehow the service seemed forgettable. I do remember looking around for our check.
Time they closed.  This was a favorite of ours before the tv transformation.  It lost all of its charm and would feel cold if they turned on the a/c.    Food wasn't great and menu has been reduced to not many choices.  Service was poor even though there was only one other table of 4 there.  You used to have to wait to get in and it was worth it.  Now forget it.  There are too many other good choices in Vegas to waste your time and money on this restaurant.  Restaurant Impossible ruined this restaurant and truly made it an impossible place to go to.
Food was good, walked in when there was a discrepancy about a bill. Was handled unprofessionally. 
I'd probably not come back
A hidden gem awaiting the hipster individual/family.
When ever we come to Vegas we stop here. First try the maple coffee it is a perfect blend of maple and java. Order some fried bread, then pick one of the two French toasts. I tell every one we know about this place. The staff is very friendly and sympathetic to Vegas hangovers. Way to go maple tree .
I love coming here for breakfast with the family. I like to order random items on the menu. The service is friendly and is an enjoyable atmosphere.
Went on the recommendation of a friend, and the positive Yelp reviews.

Food is terrible, service sub-par.  Menu items sound special on the menu, though everything is worse than bad cafe fare.  They don't even provide spoons to stir your coffee (wooden sticks).  Will not return.  If you want a FANTASTIC breakfast, go to Egg Works on Flamingo- THAT place is awesome.
Kind of a sad little place, but the food works for what it is. I know it was on Restaurant Impossible, and I've seen the episode. The decor is still there- though seems dirty to me, but my boyfriend insists that it is intentional distressing on the artwork. Whatever. The food is pretty ok. The monte cristo tastes good (get it with the raspberry sauce). It's greasy, but it's a fried sandwich so what do you expect. All-in-all, this always seems to be a third option if my first two breakfast places don't work out.
As of 11/03/13 they appear to be closed by order of the courts and there is a for lease sign in the window.
I was in Las Vegas this week and the restaurant has been closed. It's kind of the pits....  I saw the Restaurant Impossible show and I planed to visit the place for breakfast.
I never like knowing when a restaurant closes down. I feel bad for the owners. This review was based on back in September when my husband and I went. I ordered the Reuben sandwich and by hubby ordered the egg special. My plate was good, hubby thought his plate was OK. The APPLE FRITTER..was sooo good!!! I wish I ordered one to take home. 

There was no one there besides us and the waitresses. No business. Sad but I think it was a terrible location in my opinion. This restaurant needed to be on the corner of a street, and not hidden.
I am saddened to hear this place has closed down! Even though I only went once, I really liked the food! The food quality was excellent, you can tell they made it with love. Their food is better than a cafe inside of a station casino cafe! Hope to see this place pop up in a better location! Business 101 = LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION
The knock off by PF Chang's!

Great food, but more moderately priced then their upscale sister restaurant.  

You MUST have their edamame...delicious!  All the food is consistently good and fixed fast.

The serving staff at this location is always very friendly and helpful.
I can only give it 4 stars since it's a chain restaurant.  Owned by the same folks as PF Chang's the food is awesome and cheap. 

Love the Mongolian Beef. Will have to say goodbye to it once I go veggie.....at least they also have great veggie plates....
Beware of large crowds.  If you see a mostly full dining room and a line a few deep at the register be prepared to commit a good hour of your evening to the Wei dynasty. 

While waiting, try to get a seat facing the kitchen, which is in full view of the dining room; a dining room that is, in essence, a high school cafeteria in disguise.  (Don't be tempted to sit with the cool kids, it's a trap.  They'll only make fun of you.)  Facing the kitchen affords you a great entertainment option while you patiently wait for your food, because nothing is as wondrous as a fully-slammed, high volume kitchen.

Four to five line cooks man the woks, flinging wire baskets of meats and vegetables back and forth in a juggling show the likes of which I haven't seen since the Flying Karamazov Brothers.  At regular intervals large tongues of flame would leap up around the woks and bask the kitchen in an orange glow.  Pyro too!?  Best show off the strip!

I also had ample time to observe the food runner (is he a waiter? a busboy? indentured servant?) who was very pleasant, never letting the hectic pace of his shift dampen his spirits, and he was very kind when he told me that after my 30-plus minutes of waiting he was just informed that they were out of the main ingredient of my dish.  He offered a substitute and had no problems changing my order to "to-go," thankfully, because the kitchen show was starting to get a little repetitive and I was late for my movie.

The food itself was meh-inspiring, an improvement over Panda Express, but that's like saying the Dodge Aspen is better than the Plymouth Volar, which is not saying much, and if you're there at any sort of rush hour, the "fast" in "fast casual" goes out the window.  But if you've got a hankering for some ThaiChinapanese food at around 3pm on a Tuesday, I say go for it.
I thought the prices here were very reasonable, and the teriyaki bowl was delicious: the meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh and crisp. I hope they expand their menu in the future.
Basically, this is "P.F. Chang's Lite": Same sort of food (including those tasty lettuce wraps), smaller menu, and less hands on service from the waiter (meaning you make your own "Chang Sauce" or whatever they call it).  It also means less lines and wait time to be seated, and is cheaper than the full-on restaurant.

The food and service have been consistently good, and they have some sort of new reward card system (buy enough meals, get one free).  I was feeling a little playful today, so when the server handed me the card, I said "This is the greatest moment of my life", upon taking it, to which she just looked sort of confused at me, until I offered that I was just joking.  She still just stared curiously at me as she rang my meal up.  I didn't realize I had caused such a conversational faux paus.

Ironically, my post-dinner fortune read as follows: "Others appreciate your good sense of humor today."  

No, no I don't think that was the case for this particular dining experience.  But at least I mixed my "Chang Sauce" just the way I liked it today.
I went to this location for the first time when my family came in from out of town to visit me. I had never been to Pei Wei and had no clue what to expect. We were at the Marshalls that's in the same area and when we passed by, my Mom saw their sign and wanted to eat there. If she wasn't with me, I wouldn't know what the heck to do, not that I wouldn't have figured it out, the layout is just weird.

They have these really tall menus, usually 3 of them, side by side and go from the ceiling to the floor right when you walk in, take a look at what you want then you walk over to the cashier to pay, they hand you a number, pick a place to sit and they'll bring your food over to you. Drinks are self-serve and food is served on dishes and you use sileverware, not paper plates & plastic utensils. I felt like I was at PF Changs by the decor, food and staff but the process of ordering and serving felt like Panda Express.

I ordered the Lo Mein. I have no complaints. The noodles were cooked right, they include whole green onions rather than slicing them up. The size and amount of mushrooms was good, love those! The dish did the job but it wasn't over the top.

Overall satisfying experince, just not mind-blowing enough to where I'd visit much more frequently and to where I can write anymore..
Went with my boyfriend one day while on this side of town. We were both famished and ordered it to go so we could sit outside with our puppy. We started with beers, which came with an icy cold glass- a nice touch. Beers were $3.50-4 a bottle, which is fairly reasonable. The restaurant has a quick turn over and fills up quickly. It's interesting being able to see the cooking going on in the background, though it feels awkward standing around waiting for your order. It's essentially a chipotle for asian food but a little fancier looking. I ordered the chile ramen with beef- essentially a lot of msg-laden egg noodles [like pancit] in a ponzu-mirin sauce with a little bit of beef and a few vegetables. It wasn't what I had anticipated and while it filled my gaping belly, wasn't something I'd ever order again. There was hardly any beef and the whole package was essentially stuffed with noodles, a super cheap ingredient. My boyfriend got a chicken dish that was recommended by the hostess but it had very little chicken, no veggies and tons of rice. Maybe it was because we ordered it to go...I'd eaten at other Pei Wei locations in town but it had been years ago, and the experience hadn't excited me enough then to draw me back over. I'd rather spend my money somewhere else and get a delicious meal as opposed to a wimpy one.
Asian food that tastes little like authentic Asian food -- even less than something like a PF Changs, I can't say I was impressed. I won't be returning to this place.
I came here after work today to do carry out. I only come here for one item and that's the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls. They are addicting and filling even though it only comes with three rolls. These have chicken,lettuce, fresh mint, carrots, peanuts ,rice noodles, with a taste of lime vinaigrette rolled in a rice wrapper. It comes with sweet chili sauce and Thai peanut sauce on the side. My personal favorite is the peanut sauce. 
I enjoy doing carry out because it's ready for me to pick up right after work. When I call in my order it's quick and fast because by my phone number they can tell what I ordered last time. I was recently made aware that they also have a frequent diner card there too. I just started using it today so I don't know their point system. If it means every once in a while I can get these rolls for free then I'm in!
Pei Wei is the fast food version of P.F. Changs. When I say 'fast food', I don't mean there is a drive thru, the food is pre-made, and deep fried. 

P.F. Changs took a bunch of their more popular dishes and created a more casual atmosphere for the 'on the go' person or family. 

How it goes:

Walk in
Check out the menu
Order at the counter
Take a number
Grab a seat
Food will be served at your table 

The food is just as great, the service different because it requires more work on your part, and the meals could be a few bucks cheaper. Other than the cost, I would have given Pei Wei 4 stars.
I'm new to town and haven't really explored this chain, but order the Thai Wonton Soup and your heart and soul will thank you.
Went there tonight for dinner and it was delicious.  We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and i chose the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken with brown rice.  It was delicious.  The price was just right for the amount of food, unable to finish the whole meal.  Will for sure go back and have again!
A great meal quick!  Quality is as good, or better, as their parent PF Changs.  Friendly staff make the experience even better, very happy people.  

Portions are just past normal size.  I really like picking up an order of chicken fried rice.  Lots of yummy in the big bowl.  Sesame chicken is another favorite I get regularly.  The spice is just right, hot enough to compliment the dish, but not send you into a coughing fit.  

Bottom line, I've never had a bad experience at Pei Wei, highly recommended, even if you have to drive across town to get there.
The new Thai River Noodles are a must try! I like the fact that Pei Wei is a less expensive version of PF Changs. Is it Americanized Asian food? Most definitely, but I still like it. The crab won-tons have real crab and are served in a very flavorful sweet and spicy sauce. The fried rice is deliciously fresh with chunks of fresh al dente veggies in it. The new Thai River noodles are my current fave. It is sort of like Pad See Ewe with chow fun noodles instead. The beer is always ice cold and the prices are very reasonable.
There used to be a Pei Wei very close to me on Lake Mead but unfortunately that location closed.  I actually preferred that location for a variety of reasons but I mourned my loss a short while since a fairly good Greek restaurant replaced it...which I will review sooner or later given that I've eaten there about twenty times.

ANYWAY, Pei Wei!
Go in, order, take a number, grab a seat along with your drink, and hot food is brought to you since everything is cooked nice and hot to order.  

The younger sister to PF. Chang's.  It has more of a pan-asian variety of Thai/Chinese then just straight Chinese cuisine compared Chang's.  The food comes in large portions, nice and hot with plenty of fortune cookies and delicious teas available.

I almost ALWAYS get the pad thai with extra chicken and tofu.  Their cooked tofu is really very good, very flavorful and it actually KEEPS very well in the fridge for a day.  

They are a PINCH pricier than I'd prefer, buuuuut.... c-est las vie.

I DID take AWAY a star though based on my first experience at this particular location where I stood waiting for my order to be taken while the cashier was going on and on to a server and then walked up without an apology or "Oh, hello!  I'm sorry, I didn't see you there!" or anything of the sort.  Or a friendly gesture or whathaveyou.  And when I mentioned this to the manager, (who is currently working there), I was given an apathetic apology from him and shooed away.  So no star for you.
Watered down P.F. Changs never tasted so....just like you'd expect.

Pei Wei is a mystery to me.  It isn't quite what PF Changs used to be (I think the quality has drastically decreased over the last few years) and it isn't take-out Chinese either.  They offer a few different influences in their dishes (Korean, Thai, Chinese, Japanese) but all are bland and disappointing.  They're missing the point here.  Either go for the low cost, greasy take out we all love, or the more refined, pricier fare you'd find elsewhere.  

Unfortunately Pei Wei is lost in the middle where it should be.
As a lower-cost, quicker version of its parent, P.F. Chang's, it's hard to beat Pei Wei for the quality and price.
In three years of eating here, I've never had a bad meal, and the entire menu is great.
Clean, friendly staff, great cooks ... you can't go wrong if you're looking for a quick bite or don't feel like cooking dinner after a long day at work.
Try the Thai Dynamite chicken!
Pei Wei, we have a love-hate relationship.  Which is funny, because I have the same relationship with PF Changs.  Coincidence?  Nope!  Pei Wei is the cheaper and faster version of its parent, PF Changs.

I've had quite a few things from Pei Wei and the follow are a few that I like: Chicken Fried Rice, Chicken or Shrimp Lo Mein, Edamame and the Crab Wontons.  My husband always orders the Mongolian Beef.

This food is not something that I crave or that I say "Lets order from Pei Wei! Because its SO GOOD!"  Rather, its one of those places that is like "well... i dunno what I want for dinner, do you?  I guess we could do Pei Wei, since its cheap and fast and I reallllyyyyyyy don't feel like cooking."

What I do like- they are extremely fast and when you call to place your order, your number comes up in their caller ID, so they address you by name and ask if you would like the same order from last time (which they tell you what you ordered).  That would make ordering even faster!

We will continue to order from them when we want asian food for a good price.
Normally not a fan, but this last time I had the Japanese Ramen with chicken and it was good.  And yes it is like PF Chang's except that when I leave I don't say "I forget that I hate bad, overpriced, Chinese food".  So go for it and steal a couple of extra fortune cookies while you're at it. Yup (Complementary fortune cookies always a good thing).
We order take-out from Pei-Wei at least once a month.  We do usually choose the same things over & over but I love that I can always depend on having a good, satisfying meal! 

Last night we had the Chicken Pad-thai, the Thai Coconut Curry & an order of spring rolls with sweet chili sauce.

As usual I was satisfied with the pad thai.  YES I know this isn't genuine pad-thai but I love it nonetheless.  I love their tofu! I don't know what they do with their tofu that is different from everywhere else but I'd be a tofu convert if it was this way in more places! 

My husband loved the coconut curry.  The spring rolls were crisp without being the slightest bit of greasy.

I'm a big fan of their salads, Chicken lettuce wraps, Mongolian Beef, and Honey Seared Chicken as well.
Pei Wei was a regular haunt of mine in my single days especially when I worked long consultant hours. Their food was dependable, fast and they were wherever I was working. This was in the DFW metroplex area. 

Then came Vegas. There is no Pei Wei close to my home and I realized I never do crave it. For something I used to have once a week, a non-craving for Pei Wei  really did mean I must not have liked their food that much. I confirmed that suspicion today. 

I ordered the Kid's Teriyaki Bowl with Tofu and Veggies. Brown rice at no extra charge. Definitely a plus point. I find the portions at Pei Wei too big and so the kids portion suffices and is actually a bit large still for me. I love that they allow someone clearly older than 12 to qualify for this portion. Kudos to Pei Wei. I usually order an extra serving of Tofu and Veggies and that is what I did today. 3.95 for the kids bowl and $2 for the extra tofu/veggie serving. 

What I got at my table (in a very timely manner) was a dish that met all my expectations. Generous heaping of tofu with snow peas. carrots and broccoli. In Dallas, I remember this dish as having spinach which was something I missed today. The tofu here is different from anywhere else. It's long and seems rather dehydrated. But it actually tastes rather pleasant. 

Pei Wei is true American Chinese Food. Created in America, for Americans. It's definitely not as tasty as PF Changs but they do offer dependable fare that CAN be made fairly healthy (if you choose to exercise portion control) and it's a nice spot to hang for a quick lunch. 

I guess dependability means this place is A-OK in my book.
It was my first time ever going and I really liked the atmosphere, and the staff was really nice! I got chicken chow mein and edamame and it was surprisingly good! Reminded me of P.F. Changs (yes, I know they are owned by them as well) it was all the taste for half the cost! Works for me!
Pei Wei gets the bozack.

Super weak and fake (Chinese?) food.  It's like a sad, upscale aspiring Panda Express.  They even used that ubiquitous chopsocky type font from the 70's you usually see on karate schools and Chinese takeout boxes.  Panda Express is hokey too, but at least they know it.

I had some kind of beef noodle dish which I can only describe as severely overcooked ramen noodles with strips of teriyaki style beef.  They also put about 10 whole green onions in my bowl, which I thought was pretty funny.  

Another thing that bugs me is that, I think whoever is behind Pei Wei just lumps all things asian together and can't distinguish the differences.
I'll give it a 3 1/2 stars.  It works for me!

Pei Wei is great when I'm in that crossroads of 'I overpaid for my condo so I can't afford P.F. Chang's right now' and 'If I have Panda Express one more time this week I think I'm gonna smuggle a bear and paint it black and white'!  It fits the bill right in the middle!  

I don't always particularly crave this place as a must eat because while it is cheaper and more convenient than it's big bro P.F. Chang's, it definitely costs a few dolla-dolla bills more than Panda Express.  That being said, we'll often end up at Pei Wei because the kids don't want burgers, are a bit tired of Subway, and are sad looking at pandas eating bamboo on modern painted restaurant walls.

I like Pei Wei for the most part, but of course it definitely isn't authentic Asian cuisine in most cases.  They definitely cater to the American taste palette!  For what it is the place works great. 

The menu is pretty easy to read.  Right when you enter, as you walk down to the cashier station to order the menus are right in front of you on large lit boards to look at.  Very convenient, and good marketing technique!  Make em' hungry before they even order!  The have your appetizers, salads, noodles and rice bowls, and entrees all prominently displayed on their menu.  Most entrees run from the $6-$9 range depending on what you choose and if you get it with chicken, beef, shrimp, or veggies.  The great thing here is that with all of their signature entrees you can sub in brown rice for free!  Trust me, their brown rice is good!  We get it every time.

Here's what we usually order for our family of 4:

Asian Chicken Chopped Salad - Chicken with greens, napa cabbage, carrots, Thai basil, tomatoes, crispy wontons, toasted sesame seeds, with a sesame ginger vinaigrette.  Very good!  Light and flavorful!  Our favorite salad at Pei Wei, although sometimes I wish they would add some green onion and cilantro for a bit of punch.

Chicken Lo Mein - Chicken with lo mein noodles, rice wine sauce, scallions, garlic, onions, bean sprouts, shiitake mushrooms, and carrots.  The kids fav!  Although it is a bit greasy it tastes great!  Much better than the lo mein you find at that Panda place.  

We like these signature dishes as our favs, we'll usually pick one with chicken:

Honey Seared - Crispy chicken with honey garlic sauce, chili oil, rice sticks, scallions, and red bell pepper.  Yum...Asian-y!

Orange Peel - Crispy chicken with chile bean sauce, orange peels, scallions, garlic, snap peas, and carrots.  If you like Orange Chicken from the Panda, this is a good start for you!  

Spicy Korean - Chicken with Korean hot pepper sauce, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, onion, long beans, and toasted sesame seeds.  It's got a nice lil' kick to it!

Korean BBQ (brand new dish) - Chicken seared with carrots, scallions, in a smoky-sweet gogo BBQ sauce.  Then topped with a salad of green apples, bean sprouts, red bell peppers, mizuna, and a Korean vinaigrette.  It's good!  My new fav!  Now if they would only add a side order of Kim Chee to it...hello, taste buds!

The menu also has several options for kids, as well as a nice sized gluten free menu.  Pei Wei takes money from everyone, folks!

Serving portions are ok, although I wish they were a bit larger for the price.  A signature dish at Pei Wei (white or brown rice included) could feed two people...barely!  I can definitely finish an entire dish by myself!  

Service is fast, speedy, and usually pretty friendly.  I've never had problems before. Their take out is popular, but Pei Wei can sit a number of people in their place nicely.  I also like how they have hot mustard, siracha, shoyu, and vinegar at the ready by their tables so that you can concoct your little dipping sauce for your food.  

Down for some Asian-American food with no fuss and a bit of flair?  Give Pei Wei a try today!
Great food, best orange chicken
A friend turned me on to this place like this:"do you like pf chang's? then go here. Same food,but cheaper,atmosphere not as nice, owned by the same poeple."
I havn't been back to pf chang's since! WE LOVE PEI WEI
I usually order mongolian beef wih brown rice...hubby changes it up, kiddo usually gets chow mein with chicken.
 I just love both teas they have in house...an unsweetened mandarin green tea, and a chai (vanilla?) black tea. and all the fortune cookies one could want,lol
crab rangoon pretty good, love the lettuce rolls forever. join their mailing list, they do specials every now and then!
Really good Asian food! Very fresh and great portions. I love the Lo Mein. Their sauces are amazing too! I love the sweet and sour. Great prices and much fresher and better tasting than PF Changs.
My family and I are vegan and we love the all of vegan choices available..  I love to start off with some edamame .The veggie bowl with brown rice and tofu is delicious! They have the best tasting tofu that I have found.
We had dinner at Pei Wei again last night and While we were waiting for our dinner I overheard a customer asking if they had tofu lettuce wraps...Because all that was listed was chicken lettuce wraps. To my great surprise the waitress said yes,we can make tofu vegan lettuce wraps for you! Guess what we are going to order next time...yup you guessed it...the tofu lettuce wraps.
Very very salty and overseasoned. If you know Asian food and appreciate it in it's true form...don't go here. If you like the Americanized, PF Changs version of chinese food then by all means...
We love this place. It is like PF Chang's but less expensive. It is casual dining. Great service and I love that you can see into the kitchen. Get the Pei Wei Card if you go often. You can earn a free entree. Easy take-out too.
This was my first time at this restaurant. I went yesterday with a friend of mine and the food and service was fantastic. I will defiantly go there again
I waited forever for our food and it was just two of us. The entrees were incredibly bland. I will probably not return

Nice atmosphere though.
Difficult accessibility. Atmosphere is stale. Food is ok but, not worth the price.
This is an OK place.  I have other places I'd rather go, but when the wife wants Pei Wei, she usually gets it.

I like the fact that they have brown rice.  The Asian Chopped Chicken Salad and Ginger Brocolli Chicken taste good and aren't too bad in terms of nutritional value.

We've dined in here before, but we usually do the take out. I like that they have their own take out ordering line and waiting area.  They're usually friendly which is a plus since they always seem insanely busy.  The only area of complaint is that they seem to close their kitchen early sometimes.  This makes for a very disappointing meal run.
I find it strange that I never wrote a review for Pei Wei before. I had gone several times when I was in the area. Pei Wei is an intriguing place to me as it falls (as many have stated in other reviews) kind of in between Panda Express and PF Changs. I feel that the concept is there, however the execution could be better. They seem to be doing well though as they were pretty packed today (Sunday) for a late lunch.
The negative for me is portion size relative to price, especially for their dinner selects specials. We both ordered the specials which include a half portion of an entree and a side item. I chose the Honey Seared Chicken with white rice and my side was Won-Ton Soup. The soup was flavorful but was barely cup size and the entree was pretty good but left me plenty hungry. Worst part was they didn't include a drink so my $6.25 cent meal turned into an $8 meal that left me wanting more.
So, why the 4 stars?? Well, for one I appreciate the concept of this chain and I think they actually make some decent dishes. Seeing as how they are partnered up with PF Changs it makes sense. I wouldn't go as far as to say they are the poor-man's PF Changs, but they might be the middle-class man's PF Changs. The staff was friendly and our order came out right. 
In a perfect Yelp world, I would probably give them about 3.75 stars... but I'll bump them up to a 4 because I had a good day :)
I enjoy the food at Pei Wei MORE than PF Chang's. I use all my PF Chang gift certificates here :)

The menu is smaller, the portions are a little smaller, so are the prices, but the food is sooooo much more flavorful in my opinion. They have vegetarian and gluten free options. 
Pei Wei is "casual" dining - order at the counter, take a seat, they bring the food to you. Get your own drink refills but leave your table as is when you are done, they'll clear it. I usually leave a little tip :)

Our favorites:
Crab Wontons
Hot & Sour Soup
Honey Seared Shrimp
Pei Wei Spicy Chicken
Thai Dynamite Tofu or Vegetables

Never had a bad meal here, and never left hungry :)
I admit I'm not a huge fan. But my family likes it so I go. I just had some really bad take out service one time. So I'd you go order in and you'll get your food faster.
Cannot believe I haven't eaten here before! 

Like the food here MORE than PF Chang's down the street from this. 

Food is so good and so reasonably priced. They have healthy options such as tofu and brown rice. We went there at 8 pm on a Sunday to dine-in, and the service was so fast. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Love the caramel chicken here.  It was busy. Nothing over the top, but good standard pei Wei!
I ordered take-out on this visit. I received great service and friendly greeting from Jessica. In my opinion, the restaurant was understaffed for the lunch crowd on this visit. They also did not cook my spring rolls, so they were uncooked when i arrived at my office to eat (how does this happen?). 3 stars for the excellent service, and the remainder of the meal was fantastic.
Typically consistent food. Even though my last order was messed up.  I ordered Pei Wei spicy and fried rice, but got brown rice and they put the rice in a separate container.  What gives?
clean simple and delicious.  If you're tired of panda id definitely recommend PEI WEEEIIII  this place just makes me want to run inside and scream PEI WEEIII

huge portions of everything so its satisfying for sure
I'm conflicted about writing this review because I was going to give a lower rating.   I was so hungry after spending 3.5 hours volunteering at the aid station for the Viva Bike Vegas 2012 ride that I could have eaten a take out menu and thought it was good.

This was my first time here and I had researched Yelp reviews and their online menu.  I ordered from the take out window one order of chicken lettuce wraps and a large hot and sour soup.  The lettuce wraps were very good.  I am a salt lover, but the sauce made the wraps salty even for me.  But, I still enjoyed them.

The hot and sour soup had a rich taste but I'm not used to having ground meat in hot and sour soup.  It's generally small slices of pork.  The texture was a bit of a turn off and I didn't think the soup was that spicy.

My biggest issue was service.  I realize I was a walk in at 4:30 on a Saturday evening.  There were four people in the restaurant at the time.  There were some take out orders to be made but there was never less than three cooks working behind the counter and before I got my meal, there were 5 total.  I probably waited 15 minutes.  I saw the one cook pick up and handful of rice sticks and toss it into the take out box--no gloves, no tongs--just bare hands.  Also, the soup was ladled into the take out container and just left on the metal shelf for 10 minutes while the other things were being prepared.

When the counter critter brought my bag, she apologized for the long wait.  I watched this place as it was being built and never stopped.  That's been about 10 years.  I guess I can wait again before I return.  The lettuce wraps saved the rating from being 2 stars.
In the category of Americanized Asian food, this place gets top marks. It gets everything just right. The price is fair. The amount of food, usually, is right (don't get their diner-whatevers. they're rip offs). The quality is good. 

I actually had this place rated at 4 stars, but I just went to their menu to confirm the name of my favorite small dishes - and they're gone! I'm talking about, mainly, the lemongrass chicken noodle dish. It is served cold, and the flavors are great. It was that, Bangkok noodles, and black bean chicken. All were priced at $4, and one could serve your meal needs.

This is a pretty safe bet for anyone. No flavors are too strong. No items too polarizing. Good for groups of people. This is the Americanized way.
Did a carry out last night...I orderd Chopped salad, Thai Dynamite and Spicy Korean..flavours where amazing and I found the dishes very different then other Asian places...in a good way...we quite often get chinese delivered for dinner and for a change found this place much much better then other Asian places around summerlin area.
Ate dinner here after a long drive.  Good service and the employees were friendly and the cooks were really working hard.  Got my food fast and it was great! Will come back!
If you love PF changs, or Americanized chinese food then this is the place for you. 
Flavors were okay nothing amazing. 
Not sure how we ended up here but left this place still asking for more. 
Food was mediocre, not for me though 

Im asian, I should've known better :P
Fast food chinese food.  I guess it would be ok for lunch if you worked around here.  No atmosphere and I had an allergic reaction even though they sworn there was no MSG in thefood.
so this place is exactly like PF Changs but cheaper! I always get Kung Pao chicken and hot/sour soup oh and the delicious fortune cookies lol. 

always greeted warmly. service is great. food is Fantastic! I'm a Big fan!
good size portions. great spicy plates. definately try this place out. everyone I've ever went there with has loved their dishes.
LOVE Pei-Wei.

I've lived in Vegas for 4 years and just recently found myself at Pei-Wei and I am seriously upset that I've been missing out all this time.  

Since moving here, my husband and I have struggled to find decent Chinese food and while this isn't exactly what we are looking for, it is delicious. As is PF Chang's for dinner (I know it is the same company).

The only thing that I haven't liked that I've tried is the wonton soup. It's too minty. I prefer the wonton at PF Chang's.

So far I've had the Caramel Chicken and the teriayki chicken. Both excellent choices.
I have tried this location twice now and will for sure be back. You can place your order online and it is very user friendly. I wanted to make changes to what I was ordering and there was a option to customize it so I didn't have to worry about phoning it in or ordering in person I was just able to easily and accurately place my order online. 

I started with a "Pork Egg Roll". These were addicting like candy. Great flavor and decent size for $2.00. I had the "Chicken Lettuce Wraps" for my meal. The chicken has such good flavor. The lettuce is fresh and crisp. This is one I might have a hard time not ordering each time. My man had the "Lo Mein With Spicy Beef". I sampled some of the noodles and was hooked. I had to steal a few more bites. The noodles weren't dry and had so much flavor. 

They have a gluten free menu.

If you don't want to get your food to go they have a dining area.

They cater.

Since signing up on the website to order online they have sent me a couple good coupons good on my next visit.
I have never had a bad meal here. The service is great, food is outstanding, and the kitchen makes food super fast. I order from the phone and go pick it up and it is done within 8-10 mins.
Good but it could be better
This was my first visit to this location for Take Out last week.  The restaurant was located on W Charleston Blvd near the Red Rock Casino in Las Vegas.  I have been to a Pei Wei's in Denver a couple of times and have liked it.  I had an internet coupon for BOGO.  

I ordered the Thai Coconut Chicken and the Broccoli Beef.  I specifically asked for the broccoli to be undercooked and the gal said that they always cook it that way.

The Thai Coconut Chicken had tender slices of white meat chicken.  It was okay.

The Broccoli Beef had yellow (old) pieces of overcooked broccoli and tough pieces of beef.  The rice was soaked with oily sauce.

I will not be back to this location.
I am stunned. I have read reviews and people say it is just like PF Changs. Whoa I don't think so. I was in the process of ordering online but since this was the first time I wanted to make sure they made it the crispy shrimp they advertise instead of just shrimp as it is on their online menu. I phoned the order in and told them crispy shrimp, with emphasis...instead when I got home I received soggy "honey glazed" chicken, which almost indefinitely was simply sweet and sour sauce. I was hoping to order a Mongolian style beef but since their Mongolian sauce is not spicy as indicated, I tried the black pepper instead and unfortunately they only have "steak" not beef. And it was the lowest quality of steak I have ever had, no exaggeration, it was literally beef jerky chunks, and to top it off (literally) it was layed over soggy fried rice (due to the black pepper sauce).  I am shocked people like their meals on top of each other like that.  Even Panda Express separates their dishes.  The lo mein noodles really didn't differ from Panda express except that it had some veggies here and there and dumped a cup of sugar in it, and for $9 with bland "crispy" yet dry chicken I will say that it was another disappointment.  The Thai peanut sauce tasted like something my young child would make, unedible.  I hope you don't waste your money here, BJ's restaurant is right there, as well as Islands, NY Pizza which has some of the best pizzas in town.
I have been a loyal Pei Wei fan since 2007 and have dined at their locations across the country. This location is BY FAR the worst in terms of speed of service and being on top of their game. I moved to Las Vegas back in October and this Pei Wei is very near my home. I like to order online and pick up my order on my way home. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt the first few times, but I am about fed up with this location. I'm wondering if their parent company's recent financial woes and restructuring have affected all of their stores. I did notice that they've done away with the plastic cups used for dine-in beverages and have gone exclusively to disposable paper cups.

My main "beef" with them is the fact that today I placed my online order at 5:33 and received a confirmation that my order would be ready by 5:55. My order is normally ready at other locations WELL before the promised-by time, however this location's sloppy staff just doesn't get it.

Today I received my order at 6:05, more than 30 minutes after placing my order. Some might say I am being way too picky, but it is all about pleasing the customer, and this location falls short of this consistently. The staff is ever changing (including management), so I'm not sure what the story is here.

The food quality is still good, however I noticed today I had no condiment bag with my order that usually contains sauces and fortune cookies. It looks like Pei Wei is cutting back, and that is not what I would expect from this chain.

I hope corporate will take a look at this fledgeling location.
Not bad, not great. Went there for lunch with my gf; decent selection, she got fried rice, and I got the orange peel chicken. They weren't very busy (lunch time), but we still waited about 15 minutes to be served, however the staff was friendly. Ingredients were fresh.
I am sometimes baffled when someone tells me they have never heard of this place.  Get your head out of the sand!  Jees!  Pei Wei is a favorite of ours and we visit quite often.  This is a fast food - version of PF Changs and you are missing out if you are a PF fan.  From all that I have ordered from Pei Wei I can honestly say that alot of it is similar recipes.  Our favorite waitress RENA makes our dining experience just THAT much better.  She litereally knows everyone who walks through the door and greets them with open arms.  She is the epitomy of customer service.  We love her!!!  Make sure if you visit and run into her let her know you heard about her on Yelp!  ;)

Last nights dinner - on the patio mind you - (Love) starting with crab wontons which are always perfection sitting on top of a plate of a sweet and sour kind of sauce.  They are to die for.  The BF had to have the edemame which for some reason at this place they always seem to be on steroids!  They are huge.  It is served with a little cup of sea salt that you can sprinkle on as you see fit.  For the entrees BF had mongolian beef with steamed rice.  Very similar to PF....aws flav.  I usually try to steal a few bites when he's not looking.  I ordered the seseme chicken but instead of fried I asked for their "stalk velvet" which is a healthy version of cooking.  I think its kind of pan seared.  You can order most dishes this way but you have to ask for it special.  Their brown rice is alway cooked to perfection.  I dont know why it is that hard to cook brown rice but you'd be suprised.  

Food is ALWAYS great.  I dont think of all the years we have been coming here we have ever been disappointed!  The customer service-just because of the waitresses they have had has been simply amazing.  Enough to make you coming back even if the food wasnt that great. haha  So don't tell me you never heard of this place - you just did!
The GF has been very focused on her diet over the last 10 weeks.  Our "go-to" places so she sticks to Lean meats with veggies include Greens & Proteins, Jason's Deli ( salad Bar ) Terriyaki Boy or similar and  any breakfast place that serves veggie egg white omelets with a side a fruit.  Lately, her fav place is Pei Wei.  Surprisingly, I've come to enjoy Pei Wei, too.

Her standard dish is Chicken Curry ( sauce on the side ) , "stock velvet" with extra veggies, no onion and brown rice ( 7.95) - It's a very large serving for the price.

I usually get a bowl of hot and sour soup ( $4.95) - a little too "thick " from what i presume is corn starch but i like it and it's a very generous serving.  I then prefer the dan dan noodles with Shrimp ($8.50) - I've yet to finish it given the large portion provided.  Again, for what it is, I'm a fan.  Yes, it's "americanized" but i don't care.  It's freshly prepared, served fast, large portions, reasonably priced and above average taste.

pics included
Wow.
I'm very impressed with this Pei Wei. Everyone who works here are amazing. They are very nice and caring. The food is in wonderful condition. They never mess up our order; the food comes out quick and easy. I quite enjoy being able to watch the chefs prepare our meal at the "bar". The decor and theme is very relaxed and modern. Not to mention the feeling of being in Asia. It is a very nice experience and I would recommend it to everyone!
We were in the mood for some Chinese food one evening, and really didn't feel like hiting Panda Express again (although in hindsight, it would have been a better choice.)

We had tried a Pei Wei in San Antonio in the fall of 2012. I wasn't overly impressed then, but thought we'd give it another shot. We were over on the west side of town geocaching and this one was close to where we finished for the day.

We came in on an early Friday afternoon and the place wasn't very busy so we thought we'd be able to grab a quick meal with some decent service. We placed our order for two steak lo mein dinners with a side of pork rolls. We sat down and waited...and waited...and waited while our food sat dying on the pass. Finally the three busboy/waiters came in from their smoke break on the patio. They brought Brenda's food over and then the pork rolls. We asked about my dinner and said that was it. We pulled out the receipt and sure enough, even though the cashier repeated back that we ordered 2 lo meins, he only rang us up for one. Since I already had a bad taste in my mouth from our last visit to a Pei Wei, I declined to go up and order again.

I tried the pork rolls and they were so greasy the mustard wouldn't even stick to them. I tasted Brenda's lo mein and the noodles really didn't have much flavor at all. I suppose that having the food sit at the pass under a heat lamp for 15 minutes while the server was on his smoke break didn't help much. This place is really disorganized. While we were there, we watched a table of 4 get served. Three of the four people got their food while the fourth got served only after a 10 minute wait and finally complaining to the staff.

When the waiter came around to ask how our food was, he only asked me (the person who didn't have food in front of him). He ignored Brenda completely. Zero stars is way to high of a rating for this place. We could have had a much better meal at Panda Express at a better price with better service. 

In baseball, it's three strikes and you're out. This place won't even get the opportunity to see the third pitch.
Mixed feelings on this places. Reminds me of a Panda Express mixed with a pfchangs.

The cashier was not all there. she just couldnt understand our order and im not really sure why. after the third time she finally could understand and comprehend what we were getting. (sweet and sour chicken w/rice, monogolian chicken w/rice, kids honey seared chicken with rice, and lastly we wanted to add another combo of honey seared chicken w/rice) whats hard to get???

anyway, the food came out relatively fast. I like that they have chili and hot mustard by the drinks. also a good selection of fresh tea and fortune cookies.

The food was good, small portions and tasty. 

When we were finished we went and chinese to go boxes which are also located near the drink section. Didnt like that a woman came over to grab our plates, promised to bring me a bag for the to go boxes but instead went and chatted with a coworker for ten minutes. Clearly forgetting what she said she would do. In the end we just got up and left.

Considering the price compared to panda and their portions, i think next time i would rather go there.
I really don't know how this place has 4 stars. It is very expensive for what it is, not healthy, smaller portions, not tastier food than panda express (not that panda express has tasty food). 

I only gave this place 2 stars because the online ordering system is convenient enough, and service is efficient. If you want Chinese, I would totally recommend to drive a little further.  You can't really go wrong by not coming into this place.
Yummy! The go-to place when your wallet or time cannot meet P.F. Changs! They just recently discontinued the Bangkok Bowl (soooo PISSED!)  Instead tried the Dan Dan Noodles and OH. EM. GEE!  So flippin good! They also have some cut oranges by the drink fountains, which i throw in the to-go containers and eat for dessert. ;-) Not fine dinning but excellent quality for the price.
The best Pei Wei in town. 
This location is the cleanest and with a great, friendly staff. 
A favorite spot. 

Side note: 
For those who are unfamiliar with Pei Wei - I like to describe it as a blend between PF Chang's and Starbucks atmosphere. 
A corner store version of PF Chang's. Very similar menu. 
Definitely worth trying if you have never been.
Great place for fast Americanized Chinese food...think of it as a cross between Panda Express and PF Changs (which owns Pei Wei).
 
I usually start  my meals here with some pork egg rolls and/or a bowl of wonton soup. They also have lettuce wraps that are pretty good. I usually get some kind of chicken entree here with brown rice, and among my favorites are orange peel chicken and pei wei spicy. If you are looking for a noodle dish, I'd recommend the dan dan noodles.

The employees here are great even when they make a mistake. They messed up my order the last time I was here and they apologized for it before I even had a chance to ask why my order was taking so long. They re-made it right away and the manager even refunded my money before I had a chance to say anything. If that isn't great customer service, I don't know what is!
Cheap and almost as good as pf changs, quick service and the food is always hot and fresh, Mongolian Steam is the best.
Oh Pei Wei...how I DO love thee?...let me count the ways! 

DELICIOUS FRESH Asian combo food, prepared AFTER your order, GENEROUSLY huge portions, CLEAN environment, QUICK and FRIENDLY service, a management team that takes RESPONSIBILITY and truly CARES about your dining experience..ALL at an AMAZINGLY affordable price (ok...CHEAP by comparison to almost any other restaurant!).

Yes,I know this is a "poor man's" PF Changs (owned by the same company) and I've heard ALL the arguments from the snobby haters: "Oh, they don't have as big a selection as PF Changs." and "That's just a fast food place." or "Their food is too salty." blah, blah, blah. I've only had ONE unfortunate experience in the two years I've been eating at this location, and when i brought it to the attention of management, they practically fell all over themselves fixing it to make certain I was a happy camper.To all you haters; don't let me keep you from your pretentious little 4 ounce fillet of Mahi for $70 at Roy's with the orange-mango syrup crapped out around the plate edges. 

Ahhh, but the food! its ALL good here. Personal favorites include the lettuce wraps, Pad Thai with shrimp and any variety of Kung Pao! Be certain to try some of your dishes with their fried rice; it's only an extra dollar, but you gotta ask for it.

I eat here so often, they know me on a first name basis...can't be beat!

A really friendly, clean, quality oriented business with EXCELLENT food at unbeatable prices. Also a GREAT place to bring kids if you have a family.

Nom, nom, nom!
The Thai coconut curry is GREAT. If you like Panda Express give Pei Wei try. Better quality food for a few bucks extra.
Good menu.... Good food..... Good atmosphere.... all at reasonable prices.  In a nutshell, similar menu & quality to PF Chang's with a laid back atmosphere perfect for those casual (lazy) nights.  Also convenient if you just want to pick up & take home.
For the price you can't beat this place. Fresh, made to order Asian style food. Lunch specials starting at $6.95! One of the best deals in town in my opinion. And for you PF changs fans, this is a great place to enjoy similar items at a fraction of the cost.
This place is a step up from fast food Chinese food. It is pretty good for a quick bite to eat. The only entree I ever order is the Mongolian Beef. You can also see the kitchen from the dining area, I like that. The place appears to be clean.
Stopped by here on Saturday as we had about an hour to eat before an event.  We did not want to be late... I wanted to go to KJ's for some authentic chinese food and we ended up coming here as the event was starting and located in Summerlin.

Here we go...

a.  The Good - Ok, if you are not used to eating the real authentic chinese food, then you will like this place. It is like an upscale Panda Express with healthy foods choices and a really nice and inviting eat in environment.

- Choices - I like that they have a lot of spicy choices, and you can order many of the items on the list with Chicken, Pork, Beef, or Tofu.

- Brown Rice - Awesome that they have brown rice and this also adds to the healthy 

- Fresh - Everything seems so fresh.  We Had:

- Honey Seared Chicken with Brown Rice
- Thai Wonton Sooup
- Thai Dynamite Chicken
- Spicy Korean Chicken

b.  The Really Good - Their drink and condiment section is totally cool. I don't know why I liked this so much, but it is clean, they have a great deal of choices for drinks, some teas, plenty of cut lemon and orange slices, Fortune Cookies, chili sauce and hot chinese mustard!  Oddly, I did not look for, and I don't remember if they have soy sauce, and this would actually get a way from the healthy aspect of the food.

c.  The Ambiance - As I said, upscale atmosphere for extremely casual people. You really feel that you are in a well taken care of and top notch cafe.

d.  The Bad - The only bad I found was that everything was a bit bland.  The Thai Wonton Soup was not very Thai style to me. The taste was a bit off and uninspiring.  The Spicy Korean Chicken had a heavy sauce that created all the taste and the chicken itself did not have any of the flavor. Kind of like dipping chicken in kitchen.  The sauce was the overpowering flavor and that is not great to me at all.

e.  Comeback - I will come back to give this place a second chance. While it is not what I consider really authentic, I will also challenge the healthiness of the food here as even though there is brown rice and some really great looking stuff, it seems that everything is 800-1200 calories and there are so many other better choices for quality food for the same caloric intake. 

GK says, not bad, and as long as you know this is totally just an asian influenced cuisine and not really authentic, then you will be very happy.

I give it a 3 star because of the blandness and the overpowering sauces and under performing soup...
Total disappointment, food drowned in sodium!!! Soup, chicken dish, noodles... all tasted like it was saut in salt oil.
I'm not even a veg but I go here for the soy honey chicken. Pretty tasty, and they don't take too long to make it. The quality should be a little bit better for the price but considering how fast they make it and that the portion is good it's totally fair. Great lunch place, but call ahead to order if you're going between 11-1 or you will definitely be waiting.
I really love this "PF Changs Jr." and come here often. I order online using coupons they send to me via email. Last week they sent me a BOGO for the entrees and this week a 20% off my total order. When I walk in to pick up my food they always remember me and take the time to ask how I am and go over the order to make sure it is right. 

I order the pei wei spicy steak each time but change up having either rice or noodles under it depending on my mood and have them leave the veggies out. Just spicy steak and rice or noodles do it for me on that dish. The veggie spring rolls are damn good. It comes with a sauce for dipping that is very good but my wife likes to dip hers in their sweet and sour, so we pay .50 cents extra for that but it comes in a reusable/washable plastic container. The side of brown rice I ordered this time was not cooked right and still crunchy. It was intended to be mixed in my dogs food as a "healthy" treat for her but the spoiled girl ended up with some of the white rice instead. My wife had honey seared chicken and enjoyed it... I had a few peices and did too. I am always satisfied after eating here.
I eat here one a week. Personally, I have only ordered the Ginger chicken and Mongolian beef. Every time I invite my family there dish and they order something else its not that good .If you go there only order those two things!
I don't get why everyone loves this place. Food is not good. Staff is very polite and well trained, which I should give more stars for. Unfortunately, I give it 1 star to offset all the people who seem to get confused by popularity and chain sales. They shadow a terrible product with corporate know how. 

The hot and sour soup tasted like salted soy sauce with a bunch of corn starch. The dan dan noodles were over cooked with no flavor. Nothing like Chinese food. Sesame and orange chicken were overly sweet and salty. This is corporate knowledge that salt and sweet are addictive flavors. They're better off selling overly sweet salty product to get you to keep coming back. I guess it's working because they were busy
I like the food here but sometimes it's really salty. They have a healthy type menu now which helps a bit. Good prices and they are usually quick. Try the soupvif you are under the weather.
I hate to give this place 2 stars because I truly love the food!  But they were severely under staffed and it created a horrible experience. Management needs to learn to manage and staff accordingly. 

We arrived and the place was overwhelmingly packed the line very long which is to be expected at 7 pm on Saturday night. I decided to grab the only available table while my husband ordered our food. The table was dirty but it was the only unoccupied one so I asked to have it cleaned 4-6 minutes later the young man came back to clean the table. 

When our food arrived we weren't given silverware or plates. We went up to the counter and the silverware dispensers were all empty and there were no plates the hot mustard and chili sauces were all empty  as well . We asked for plates and silverware and had to wait a few minutes while our food got cold. I went to get some of the mandarin tea and it was empty and the chai was empty too! Due to the fact there was no clean tables, no clean silverware , dishes , the condiments were empty and we had no plates I have no choice but to give 2 stars.
Fast, friendly service.  Clean eating environment.  Delicious, reasonably priced food.  Great kids meals.  We love Pei Wei!  It's right across from Costco so we can eat before we shop!!  The crab Rangoon is made from real crab, not imitation.  Lettuce wraps are wonderful and large enough to share.
There's been a few noticeable changes here since my last visit to Pei Wei. First, they replaced the long menu board near the entrance to a smaller and easier to read electronic menu screen. Some menu items such as the combos have been removed and some new items have been added, mostly appetizers and salads. Simply choose your protein (chicken, steak, shrimp, or tofu), size (small or large entree),  then your sauce, and then type of rice or noodle (white, brown, fried, etc). I don't come here much and I always forget what I got last time, so I just choose what sounds good. I've had all different entrees here and seem to usually go with Pei Wei spicy, orange peel, sesame or spicy Korean. This time around I decided to try sweet and sour chicken with a cup of Thai wonton soup. The wonton soup is nice and light, and the sweet and sour chicken was good but they tend to oversauce their entrees so if you're sensitive to that, be sure to tell them when ordering. The small entree size was perfect and I typically have a hard time finishing a large size, but it's only 2 bucks more.

They also removed the old skool soda fountain and installed a Coca Cola Freestyle machine on one side of the self service counter and a water/ice machine on the other side. The seating is all the same and if you're dining in, you simply grab your seat after grabbing your drinks and they'll bring your order out to you when it's ready, which isn't very long and they'll pick up your empty plates when you're done. Silverware, boxes, drinks, sauces and fortune cookies are all self service here.

I would recommend this place when you're looking for a fast casual Asian fusion meal. The food here is better than places like Panda Express and a lot fresher but the menu items are fairly similar.
Consistently good Chinese with a fair price and fast service.

I personally love the Spicy Korean sauce and if you are a Tofu lover, they saut it great on the wok.

I recommend the spring rolls and vegetable wraps as well.

Great for a quick fix of PF Chang's style Chinese.
What's not to like about Pei Wei?!?  The food and service is always good and it's a quicker, cheaper version of P.F. Changs.  On top of that they are constantly offering coupons and promotions through social media and email.  I can't even remember the last time I paid full price.  Last week I even received coupons through snail mail.  I usually call in my order to avoid the wait.  I'm a fan of the honey seared chicken and the spring rolls.
"Did you change your menu?"

No

"Then what is this?  I ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps"

Oh, you ordered them spicy, so those are the *NEW* Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps.

...

Don't try to guess what I want, and give me an entirely different dish.  Also, I'm pretty sure if you are referring to a dish as new, it means the menu has changed.
Let's see... Where to start... This place has been around forever. I remember working at an ice cream joint next door (now L&L Hawaiian BBQ) when this place opened. It used to be our go to place during our lunch break. This place is located across Red Rock Casino at the Pavilion center plaza... 

I'll be honest, I'm probably going to be a little biased on this review since this is one of my favorite places to go grub when I'm around the Summerlin area. My friends, family and myself have been eating at this restaurant since 2004 when it opened. 10 years and I'm just now writing a review... Haha. 

Considering I've been a regular at this joint,  most of the employees know me and they usually have an idea what I'm going to get. This makes it a biased review simply because my experience is going to be different than someone who checked in for the first time... 

Just so you know, if you walk in this restaurant expecting authentic Asian food, you're going to be disappointed. This is more like an "Americanized" version and a little more casual than PF Chang, which by the way is a sister company. 

One of my all time favorite is the chicken Phad Thai. For the price you pay, you get a very decent portion. Sometimes I even have left overs. It's a little spicy but you can tell them how spicy you want it if you're not into hot stuff. Everything is fresh and made to order. You can actually see the cooks prepare your food behind the bar type counter and decor. Some of the other house favorites is also something I would recommend. The  "Pei Wei Spicy", "Honey Seared " and " Caramel Chicken" are all savory dishes. Some of my friends enjoy the "Mongolian" but I personally find it too salty for my taste. Mind you, all the dishes are customized to your liking. You get to pick what protein and what type of rice or noodles you want. 

With all that said, Pei Wei is a very simple conceptual restaurant. It's very casual. I don't consider myself a food connoisseur... As long as I enjoy the experience and the food suits my taste, I'm all for it.
Quick and good quality. I had the coconut curry shrimp and really enjoyed it - pretty spicy:)
I love Pei Wei. My first time visiting this location. My husband and I got the sesame chicken, pad thai and spring rolls. Fast service on a weekday and the service/food was great.
as a PF changs brand this place is good why pay PF changs price when you can come here and pretty much get the same thing would give 4 stars but the portions are small and I always end up hungry after eating here and no I am not a big person
So my girlfriend first took me to this place very recently. And I fell love with atmosphere & the food. It was a actually really good. This is my first time here & and I'm very picky about where I want to eat my Chinese food. But I was happy when I received my food & and it tastes delicious. It's not pricey at all. Regular dish will probably cost you around $10. A must try is a teriyaki bowl from this place.
What the hell happened here?? The service is slow, food is mediocre, quality is slipping, dining area is dirty and decrepit... This used to be an inexpensive alternative to PF Changs.. Now it's a half step above Denny's. You're off your game BIG TIME.
I really like that they have small plates now. The Honey Seared Sauce is my favorite :)
I love Pei Wei! It seems to be the restaurant of choice every time I want to dine somewhere with a good atmosphere and good prices. The food is really good too! What I like about Pei Wei's food is how they make it their own and do it well. I've been eating at Pei Wei for about eight years and still enjoy their establishment.
Pei wei is always good.  I like everything so far!  Their salad are really great.  The service is excellent.  And the location is so convenient.
Really like this place. Great selection of flavors. You select the staple, pork chicken or shrimp. Choose the flavors from coconut curry to sesame etc. Pick the type of rice, brown or white and the size of your plate. Delicious and under $15 with large portion of nice sized  shrimp,  2 appetizers and a drink.
Hooray! A new place to eat great food!  How can you not want that?  I had the god fortune to get t watch this diner built from the get go.  I have gotten to know the managers and the staff, all of which rock.  These guys are doing an amazing job.  I had never eaten at a Pei Wei prior to this one opening and have to say I'm now hooked!!  I have tried almost everything on the menu and have yet to find something that I didn[t like.  The food is always hot and fresh and ready when they tell me it will be.  Parking is a bit of a problem, but with Starbucks Coffee literally right next door, it's worth the trouble.  This place definately puts yummy in your tummy!!
Probably the best all-around every-day restaurant in Phoenix. It offers all 4 points: good food, great price, healthy choices, and fast service. 

And for those of us who live in downtown Phoenix...We finally have a place that stays open more than 20 hours a week! Thank you God, for giving us Pei Wei! 

And to all those other establishments in the downtown area that are only open Monday - Friday 11am-3pm, let Pei Wei be an example to you. There are people living down here, and we will come out and eat at restaurants that offer good food at good prices and stay open!!!
This place is way beyond average..Chop n Wok or Flo's is a must go.
If you have to have Pei Wei eat there and try something with scallops for a change
I feel bad for giving this chain location a good review, especially after displacing Emerald Lounge and Wings n Things.

That said.... it's down the block from my house, it's tasty and fresh, better than a couple local neighborhood non-chain places, and it's relatively healthy and fast. A good mix.
I think it's funny how a lot of people think this place is "healthy". If only they knew...

This place is alright. Once you've had a fair share of their menu it all starts to the taste the same. However, it is inexpensive, consistent, and a great place to go if it's a weekday night and you're just looking for a quick, relaxing bite. 

Also, this location's atmosphere blows all others out of the water. The floors and ceilings are amazing. Come here for dinner, though. Lunch during the week is outrageous, and good luck finding a parking spot in the ridiculously small parking lot Pei Wei and Starbucks share.
The Pei Wei on the corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue is always packed at lunch...go at 11:30 or not until well after 1 pm. The parking lot is tiny and narrow, but we discovered today that they don't tow at Zoe's kitchen, so you could try their lot if need be. We decided to brave Pei Wei today at the height of the lunch crowd (shortly after noon) and the line was out the door. However, in about ten-fifteen minutes we ordered, paid and were seated at a table.

I've been to this Pei Wei quite a few times with co-workers and I loved the lemon pepper chicken dish. I always ordered it; ate a little over half and was completely full.  The chicken was tasty and the flavor was perfect.  For that alone, I would have given Pei Wei four stars. But then my experience today occurred...no more lemon pepper chicken! They took it off the menu!!!!! So instead I ordered the Asian Chicken Chopped Salad...it was just OK. It was large with lots of chicken, but I didn't care too much for the sesame-vinegarette dressing...something about the flavor was off to me and I just can't put my finger on exactly what it was.  I'm not sure how eager I am to return to Pei Wei now that they got rid of my favorite thing on the menu!

The best thing about this Pei Wei is that it offers great people watching and at times can be a whos-who in state government. So if that interests you and you are nosy, you may overhear some good gossip!
This is a nice addition to the neighborhood.  They were able to take an existing building and preserve it, featuring the original brickwork and beams.  The building is shared with a Starbucks.  Pei Wei is no great shakes but there are not a lot of options in an area where everything opens for lunch and then closes at 3.  The potstickers are quite good, I like the Pei Wei Spicy Beef.  My wife tends to order the lettuce wraps, but has been disappointed with the quality of the lettuce at least once.  All of our visits here have been for carryout.  They handle phone orders very efficiently.  Parking is problematic here.  There are a couple of spots reserved for carryout but they are not respected.  There have been a couple of times when it looked like I might have to park across 7th Ave in the antique store, but I have been lucky so far.
Perhaps you know that guy who likes to talk in "quotes". Well, he would definitely be at home at Pei Wei, and especially at this location.

Set in Phoenix's "historic district" Pei Wei is supposed to represent a sign of "urban renewal" for the city's core. It's wedged on a very small parcel of land at the southwest corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue. As alluded to it's "parking lot" causes one to draw lots...because there's no guarantee of finding a space if you fancy eating a meal other than breakfast or dinner here. Nevertheless, the restaurant's architecture embodies a bit more "character" than one might be used to Arizona. Free-standing, it favors a "sophisticated" and "historic" look with brick-lined interiors.  

Inevitably, there will be a prodigious line awaiting you (and your money). This is actually a benefit to you trying to read the "menu' posted on boards along the entry-way. The selections are all "Asian fusion" which defies description probably as much as the term "electability". Don't be fooled, there is little or no guarantee that any person of Asian descent got within miles of providing any contribution to your meal. Nevertheless, the food has been carefully calibrated to appeal to the "fast casual" palette. 

And adhering to the mantra of "fast casual", you'll find all the service quality of Souplantation. You order your food, you take your number, they give you a table, they drop off your food and they take away your tray. This "forward-looking" and "innovative" human resource strategy doesn't seem to solve the wait for your food, but it probably does keep costs down.

The spectre of "gentrification" tends to raise prices...but in this regard Pei Wei still appeals to the rapidly disappearing "middle class". It's not possible to match the "value" of say In-N-Out here, but you can eat for under $10 easily. And even though the company has lost the role of culinary "vanguard" to say, Pinkberry, it's still one of the better options for lunch in the shadow of downtown.
With all the mediocore to scathing reviews, I've always said No Way to Pei Wei. I ordered for pick up and had a very friendly, helpful, if not Jeff Spicoli sounding, employee help me with my first ever Pei Wei experience. At 9pm on a Thursday night there was plenty of parking and I found the little Pei Wei place to be 1/4 full and actually a nice looking room. The surly person (manager type) who rung up my order, must have had to much MSG as he was irritable and I must say a bit puffy. But most importantly, after devouring our take out, Rickie and I voted four thumbs up (that's two thumbs for each of us, times two, carry the one...well you get the idea) for three of the four items. So spring rolls, potstickers and Korean beef....you'll soon be hanging with us again soon. Pad Thai? Yea. You're not invited. Unless you can sauce it up a bit and find it in your heart to bring along more tofu and veggies. But I'm not counting on it. Pei Wei? Yes way for this gay! OK!?
"Hi, may I take your order?"
blah blah blah I order
Then, I feel like they should have said:
"Would you like some food to go with that sodium?"
Gross.  Couldn't even eat it.
I pretty much don't care for any location of Pei Wei, but I'm reviewing this one as my office occassionally orders from this location. 
I don't totally loathe Pei Wei (hence the two stars), but if I had a choice to eat there I wouldn't. Anytime I have gotten chicken lettuce wraps from here they are always very greasy. 
Their wonton soup is pretty much broth with a couple of wontons. 
The blazing noodles are ok, but are a bit too spicy for me. 

The worst thing about this location is their teeny tiny parking lot. You can rarely ever find a parking space here. You can park around the corner in the neighborhood or across the street at the antique shop. If you plan to eat here on your lunch break from work good luck to you. You're better off getting take out. This place is so packed during the week for lunch you could probably spend your entire lunch hour and more waiting.
LEMON PEPPER IS BACK! I don't know when it got re-introduced on the menu, but this seriously made my day.

Just for that, I am bumping this Pei Wei up to 4 stars. Quick service even when the line is out the door; friendly service; and delicious lemon pepper chicken. Pei Wei can now officially be added back to our lunch rotation.
The building is very much an improvement for the neighborhood. It looks good but one might have a hard time finding parking during high hours. It did not take long to get our order taken by a gently speaking man. We each ordered a different dish and we all enjoyed that which we ate. I never mind if food fits or not a particular set thought, such as being Asian. If it is good is all that matters to me, it was all very fresh and well presented. So once again I had a very pleasant lunch with friends.
My wife and I have gave them two chances. I wish we hadn't. Both times the food tasted...off. I won't hasten to guess the reason of the "offness", but I had to stop eating the food both times for fear of becoming ill.
After spending a year in Asia, I understand that Pei-Wei is not authentic.  It boasts extremely americanized asian food.  This is an awesome place if your getting take out or dining alone. I would avoid large groups.  

Pei-Wei is what I call a Hybrid Restaurant.

You order as you walk in, and receive your drink from the cashier. You fill your beverage and have a seat.  The waitress brings you your food.   You will not get a paper cup.  You will eat off of real plates with real utensils.  If you need a refill, just ask!  Staff is more than happy to help.  It is very low maintenance and quick.  The management team is superior, the are always available.
Just because i feel like doing something different. :P
i'm just going to paste some song lyrics that i feel sum up Pei Wei on McDowell...

Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
I said the truth is here the truth is here

I want more
Give me more
We want more
God damn it I'm back to demand we get more
We want more
I want more and more and more
I want more
We need more
I want more
God damn it I'm back to demand we get more
Give me more
I want more and more and more

[Verse 1:]
I stand here naked as the day I was born
Face to the dawn and my faith in the song
Blood soaking the pages I painted em' on
And none of ya'll will take my place when I'm gone
I'm the pure raw uncut, who the fuck want what
Here to show you sucker ass mutts what's the fucks what
Brother Ali vow solemnly not to die while the music is still inside of me
It's got to be allowed to breathe
Got to let it out enough at least to let the monster flee
I want more than what your offering me
Songs that make me feel like I'm already free
I'm a rebel in my own right
Ya'll don't want to write or think or speak a rhyme standing next to me
When the game need it I'm exactly what it need
Put the soul in the speech, let it go, let it be

[Chorus: x2]
I want more
We need more
I want, god damn it I'm back to demand we get more
Give me more
I want more and more and more

I said the truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is

[Verse 2:]
Not nearly a single solitary soul
Still put the kind of passion to the mic that I hold
One day it'll have to be pried from my cold dead hand
Until then the big man is gold
Got one lone reason to go on breathing
Climb into the zone of the evening, keep reaching
Just to pull more out the core of the deamon
The people need to see them pure human being
Blood, sweat, love, hate, life, death, joy, pain
Little child running wild striped to the raw veins
Rugged junkyard dog off the chain, barefoot balls out marching in the rain
Sacred war dance suspended in the moment
We throw the fuck down like our lives depended on it
Jaws of the streets with our heart on our sleeve
Throwing shots at the law which is all I believe

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3:]
Our songs are supposed to be the voice of our soul
Not bought and sold, not all controlled
Bring a little fire when the world get cold
Let me shed a few tears and to me you went gold
People need more freedom
Children need to hear more truth when ya'll teach em'
Damn I want to hear a plan from the dude preaching
Got new seeds with true needs and who's leading
I truly believe every word I've ever uttered on a drum break
Right or wrong, life go on but it wasn't nothing fake
I demand you start listening to the crowd
If not - we gon burn this bitch to the ground

[Chorus x2]

I said the truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is here
Truth is here the truth is


the atmosphere is pretty hot here too..exposed brick always makes me Yelp!
I was kinda hungry, and on my way out for NYE, and decided to pick up some dinner to keep the stomach quiet.  I decided on pei wei, and enjoyed my experience.  I guess its supposed to be a low key version of PF changs, and the food and decor was just as nice as the PF changs resturants.

Service was quick, location was clean, dinner was tasty.  I got the sweet and sour chicken, and the servings were huge!  I was expecting some kind of comprimise on serving size, for whatever reason, but clearly this was not the case.

I enjoyed my experience here, and would probably return if I was in the area and looking for a reliable place to eat.
i wish i could find another place that made a dan dan noodle bowl (besides pf changs), until then, pei wei will just have to do. extra sauce and bean sprouts, please.
My brief review in haiku form:

Cheap PF Chang's fix.
Better than Panda Express
You can get beer here.

Thank you.
I swung by here a little while back on super bowl sunday. It was the only Thai place open after 9pm. Nice.  They have a nice east asian fusion menu with plenty of spice and brown rice to boot. Prices are spot on. Plenty of room for parking, dining-in and chatting it up. The Pei Wei has my vote.
I don't even care about authenticity issues.  I'd eat a sushi filled with a taco if it was delicious.  the food here is just criminally bland.
This is like a fast food asian type of spot. Its pretty good for what it is. Stopped by here one day because it was close to a golf course that i wanted to play at. Think i had the lemon pepper chicken, it was good.
The food is Okay. Not great, not terrible. But I think for what they are charging it should be better than okay. Also the tofu tastes wierd. I think it could use more flavoring. The orange chicken is very spicey, almost too spicey to not even enjoy it. The sweet&sour is good.
Pei Wei helped to prevent me from making a total ass of myself last night after a day of drinking off and on since noon. We found ourselves at SideBar and I was mixing drinks. Not the smartest thing to do after taking it light for eating lunch. But, I'm prone to making bad decisions so rarely surprise myself. 

I ordered the crab-stuffed wontons and edimame, took that back upstairs and both helped take the edge out of my hunger pangs. Enough to have another cocktail!
Pei Wei makes me sad.  Sad because it is literally the ONLY "Chinese" food a downtown resident of the 5th largest city in the country can get for lunch on a lazy hungover Sunday afternoon.

:-(
This location is on my list!   Let me give you a rundown of what happened last week.  Keeping in mind I have been to this location many times and have had a great experience. 

We were hungry, didn't know what to get so we did the old standby and went to Pei Wei.  We went in, place our order: 
-Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad
-Thai Dynamite Chicken with brown rice
-Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls.
We were handed a buzzer (#8) because we were taking it to-go and were told the order will be about 10 min....
15 min passed and I thought wow this is taking awhile, but I didn't want to be pushy so we waited, and waited, and waited and at 20 min, I looked at a table of people that placed their order after us. They were enjoying their meal... WHAT THE....?!?!?!
So I walked over and said, "excuse me we haven't been buzzed and the people that placed their order after us seem to be enjoying their meal."  She looked over at a bag just sitting on the counter (for God knows how long) and laughed and said in a "giggly voice" can I get you chop sticks or forks.  I thought to myself, it's not EVEN worth getting mad, just leave... So I said both please, and left.   
Meanwhile we get to our destination, open our bag to: 
- Coconut Curry Chicken
- a container with a plain salad
- a container of chicken that goes in a lettuce wrap
- Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls(that looked like they were rolled by a waffle cone maker. 
-and a sack of condiments. 

WHAT THE.....?!?!?!?!

So I am LIVID at this point, but my partner makes the call, because I would probably reach through the phone at this point.... Everything was resolved over the phone.  Unfortunately, for us our dinner experience did not meet our expectations on any level... 

I have been here when this manager  was working before.  I remember him being extremely helpful, very nice, and really knows his customer service.   Unfortunately, I think it was a result of one person that completely ruined my experience.  It will be some time before I go to this Pei Wei again.
For the price the food is great value, portions are good and the staff are very pleasant. Great thing is you can finish off your meal with a Starbucks from next door.
Good value, good location, good prices. But whoa!! you guys in the kitchen ... take it easy on the sugar! I do have a sweet tooth, but I prefer to have my sugar in my desserts, not in my entrees! I've eaten here many times, mainly because my swim team comes here often after evening swim practice, and I've ordered different things each time. And almost every dish I ordered seemed to have sugar as one of the main ingredients. I guess they figure that's what the American palate expects in food, even Asian food.
It is what it is.  I like this Pei Wei (WARNING) just do not come here between 1115am-1230pm unless you want to wait for the business crowd.  Its  a favorite location due to being so close to starbucks and right off of 7th ave.  Parking is terrible during these hours also.  If you do want to come here for lunch during your work day I would suggest try getting here at 11am at least you wont have to wait long.  I usually call in and go pick it up if I cant make the 11am window.  

The food is good.  As good as pei wei gets.  Its always fresh and the taste and texture is what I would expect.  My favorite is probably the curry chicken.  I ask for extra spicy.  The pot stickers are awesome too they are deep fried though.  They have this chilli sauce by the soda fountain that is killer.  I love it.  

Overall I would say not a family friendly place during lunch hours but anytime after the lunch rush is good.  Get your Pei Wei on.
Pei Wei is one of my lunch destinations.  I usually order Orange Peel Tofu and Vegetables or The Spicey Korean with Tofu.  The portions are huge and I usually get brown rice as my choice of rice.  Pei Wei is fast.  The orders come out of that kitchen very quickly.  Their ice tea is excellent.  You can choose from Mandarin Orange or Chai.  They have sliced oranges and lemons for tea. (A nice touch)

Three stars people.
Yes this is a chain created by Paul Flemming, however the food is decent, there are many vegetarian choices and this location adds a bit of local flavor to the chain's formula.

On my last visit I opted the the yellow curry Thai noodles with tofu. First i would like to say is that the Tofu at Pei Wei is some of the best, it is firm and has a skin with a different texture than the bulk of it. The noodles were standard floppy wide  rice noodles with with some veggies. the sauce did lack the punch you would get from a genuine Thai place however.

Some other nice things about this chain include:
*Order at the counter format: save on the tip
*Self serve fountain drinks: Faster refills impress the date by getting them for her
* Many condiments: Spice the meal to taste.
*All you can eat fortune cookies: Don like your fortune? Try another!

Parking here can be a bit of a challenge, but you can park on the next residential block south of here.

There also is only one menu, so lunch prices can be a bit steep, crossing the $10 line.
Good food for lunch, but I would not eat dinner here. 

I like the almond chicken, the cashew chicken and broccoli beef. Avoid the white rice. It is not as good for you as the brown, and Pei Wei tends to leave it in the pot too long after it is cooked. Which means my white rice was mushy and crunky at the same time. Bleagh!

Fast service from the time of order to the plate-slam on the table. Get in, get full, get out. 

This place is about 6 blocks north of the 7th Ave. exit from I-10, so it is possibly a rest stop for the through traveler going somewhere else.
I'm not too ashamed to admit that I actually *like* Pei Wei. Of course, this is also my favorite location due to the building they are in. 

It's a historic adaptave reuse that they really did a great job with. The menu is great because they really offer crowd pleasing food (uninteresting) at pretty fair prices. I spend less on take out here than if I go to China Chili, and the portions are about the same. They also give me the option of having brown rice which is great. 

Their mongolian beef I'm quite sure is filled with meth or crack or something. It's a very addicting flavor, and helps to make sure you get your years worth of sodium that day.
I know it's greasy. I also know that whenever I eat it, I get a feeling in my stomach like I swallowed a rock. Chinese food is supposed to be greasy, but there's often something a little off about Pei Wei. 

So why the 3 stars? Because they have the most incredible, firm, flavorful tofu ever. It's not a nice dark skin around it and it takes on the flavor of their oh-so-sodium-filled sauces without becoming a soggy mess. It really is tofu perfection. 

I also appreciate their awesome to-go options (order online or on your mobile browser) and the fact that they notate on their menu (with a leaf) which options are vegetarian. 

This place isn't the best Chinese ever, but I think it's decent if you're looking for something fast and very vegetarian-friendly.
I love Pei Wei because I love any restaurant that has a #glutenfree menu. However, unlike it's BFF PF Changs, this restaurant has very limited choices for their GF menu. I stick to the sweet and sour chicken. I usually order with extra vegetables and light sauce (the sauce is a bit intense). I also get the edamame. Seriously, I miss the crab wontons more than I miss bread. They JUST started offering #glutenfree soy sauce (tamari) packets! HOORAY PEI WEI! 

BUT this restaurant gets a 3-star review (honestly a 3.5) because of the AWFUL PARKING LOT. Add 10 minutes to your destination to drive around the small parking lot if you want a close spot - OR - park in the SE corner behind the antique mall and walk over. Also, the patio is great to sit at, but there's a big pigeon problem. They'll attack your food if you let them!

I always get to-go here and it's usually pretty decent. Today they a) gave me the wrong meal in my to-go bag and I had to call and ask them to come out and exchange my meal. However, when I got back and opened up the to-go container, they had forgotten the extra vegetables I requested. MAKE SURE you check what you're getting to-go, especially if you are #glutenfree!
A great place to grab a bite if you're out of time and happen to be downtown. Notable dishes which I recommend are the Spicy Korean and Tai Mango Chicken. I mean if you really wanted to try something spicy, healthy and delicious, you wouldn't be gnarling those Big Macs, would you? Plus, Zoe's is just going to take forever and I don't think you want to eat at a greek IKEA.

- Time is but an illusion--lunch time, doubly so
- Do tai chi or yoga before you find a parking spot
- Grab as many fortune cookies as you can without feeling guilty
If you are in the working vicinity of 7th Ave & McDowell Rd and have a craving for cheap and tasty ASIAN, this is the spot to grab lunch during M-F.  

First off, it is faaaar from being authentic Asian.  The menu comprise of Chinese, Japanese, and Thai inspiration.  For a full meal with drink, the average cost is $9-10.  The 'Noodle and Rice Bowls' is going to be your bang for your buck dishes.  My favorites are Pad Thai and Fried Rice.  Very tasty! No matter how big my appetite is, I always end up boxing it later, but it'll make a great snack later!! :)

My other favorite is the Mongolian Beef! Very tasty!!  The keyword is TASTY! not Authentic, but TASTY!  If you are not familiar, most dishes come with WHITE or BROWN rice.

The flavor and ultimate concept is to please the general taste bud who  adores Chinese and Japanese food without the exotic ingredients.  Simple Asian packed with TASTY flavors!  If you seek authentic Chinese or Japanese, then you need to Yelp else where! That is the only caveat! ;-)

Also, this particular location is ALWAYS packed during lunch time. ALWAYS!  So expect a line between 11am and 12pm.  Parking is going to be very scarce too during this peak time!
Asian food for white people.  Not terrible but very, very bland.
Nice setup, hard to find a parking spot, and the food, too american to be consider real Asian food especially the Pad Thai, terrible!  Need I say more. Other restaurants in the area that are so much better in so many ways.
Like it's big brother PF Chang's, Pei Wei really isn't anything special. I'm always perplexed by the way a lot people rave about it.  I eat at this location once in a great while because it's very close to work. I can order food online, and the amount of time it takes to get to my car and drive over is exacly the time it's supposed to be ready. But the truth about all these chain Asian places is that pretty much every meal tastes similar, and nothing is all that great. Overall, it feels like a slightly higher quality version of fast food. 

I ordered the Orange Peel Chicken. It has a little bit of a kick from chili peppers, but to label it as "spicy" on the menu is a joke. The sauce was okay, but like I said earlier, nothing spectacular. Like most chains, it kind of has that "out of box" taste. 

I'll give Pei Wei credit for good prices and portion sizes. I also love that brown rice is an option. The online ordering is also convenient and easy. The people who work at the take out counter are quick and friendly (although they never put napkins in the bag unless you ask, that should be standard). Pei Wei is the definition of A-OK, but if I'm looking for more than a quick meal, there's too many good local Asian restaurants that are worth checking out first.
i tried the thai river noodles. they will not replace the love i have for a dan dan noodle bowl. but the thai noodles, they were good.

i like this place because it has really opened hours compared to everything else around here. and the food in inconsistent. oh also, the new soda machines are very entertaining. just watch....

this is usually a last resort option (everything else in the area is closed). but it is a good one nonetheless.
If you have an oral fixation that manifests itself in the form of a diet coke addiction, it is worth going to this location for the beverage dispensers alone. I was very impressed by what they got goin on.
Just grabbed a Togo order from this pei Wei, defiantly the best one I've been too. The building is an old brick spot, located below Side Bar and sharing a wall with Starbucks (heaven on earth perhaps?). Legit city style complete with exposed wood ceiling beams and brick walls. The sode machine is intense though, user be warned. 1 spout, 100+ choice, all touch screen! this aint for your grand pappy!!! Great, fast and friendly service. Line moves quick. Togo has their own door/cashier. Only problem is parking. I come here for Starbucks sometimes and every-time vow never to come back due to parking. Maybe I just need a longer fuse? On second thought, Nope. Improve parking please.  Thanks. 4 stars only due to parking being such a pain.
Sunday afternoons at one require more than one cashier. Lined up customers for dine in, and a growing line for pick up and take out. A tad dysfunctional. Wound up @ Tokyo express...
This is my very mostest favorite Pei Wei!  Food is THE BEST.

I don't know why, but this particular location makes the BEST Pei Wei food.  Perhaps it's the incredible volume of business that they turn everyday~ they've truly got the magic touch.

I am a regular there for lunch, at least once a week.  It is almost always crazy busy.  They are efficient and friendly.

The food is always prepared well.  You THINK a chopped chicken salad is the same here as at other Pei Wei's?  NOT SO, my friend!   THIS one knows just how long to poach it, debone and deskin it, and the proper dice.  It is always a sublime salad experience.

Whatever your favorite PeiWei dish is, it will be prepared better at this location.  

Parking here can be a bear, but there is a lot across the street for overflow traffic- southeast corner of 7th Av and McDowell.

Go.  But go after 1pm, when I'm gone.
I concur with other reviews in that Pei Wei is overhyped... It's not bad, but it's definitely nothing to write home about. I had the Japanese ramen plate on my most recent visit and it satisfied my hunger, but I would definitely not be inclined to order it again if return. I suppose the appeal of this place to many could be that it is simply accessible in the sense that it's a comfortable establishment and not one that you might be hesitant about entering. So go ahead, try it out and then go find some good Asian food the next time you're in the mood.
What the heck?! My fiance and I eat here weekly, this is my neighborhood Pei-Wei and our experiences have been crazy bad lately! :(

Last time my fiance ordered Kung Pao Chicken. It came out with no snow peas. My fiance asked about it and the server says, "yeah, we just ran out of them". No extra peanuts, no "can I substitute something else for you?"...nothing. End of discussion, apparently. 

Tonight we go in about 7:30pm and my fiance was daydreaming a bit after he received his receipt. The cashier informed him, "you can leave now".  We receive our usual; his Kung Pao Chicken and my lettuce wraps. His Kung Pao noodles were so overcooked they were like chewing paste. My lettuce wraps tasted fine, but two hours later and I was incapacitated with stomach pains. Just finished expunging the remainder of the wraps, and I am starting to feel okay. And no, it could not have been anything else I ate. Or a virus. They don't come and go so quickly. 

Next time we are craving Pei-Wei, we will be making the drive to the East Phoenix location.
Love this place for lunch! there quick whether its take out or dine in! My fav. are the spring rolls & lettuce wraps!
In a hella convenient location nestled next door to a Starbucks, and facing McDowell Rd., you really can't go terribly wrong with this Pei Wei.  Of course you have many other opportunities to eat better food in downtown Phoenix, but let's not take away the convenience, location, an early opening time and the fact that a heavy rotation of cops and troopers keep the zombies of 7th Ave at bay.  We've all been to Pei-Wei so I won't describe the food, other than to comment that a every dish seems to be getting increasingly saltier with every visit.  My spicy korean bowl with tofu and vegetables seemed to be positively drenched with salty goo...  perhaps the kindly staff took pity on my tofu-ness and decided to compensate with every tool in their flavor arsenal.  Or perhaps I just was feeling salt sensitive.  Their salads are consistently flavorful and fresh, though I can't say I've ever encountered anything like them on my travels in Asia.  Pei Wei is a successful Arizona invention from the team that started PF Changs so we should be proud of what they get right, and keep them honest on what they get wrong.
I generally avoid any type of chain but decided to make an exception and was glad I did. The Thai coconut curry was exceptionally good, I was really surprised. Think I will have to make an exception to my rule and come back here again.
Chicken fried rice Yum. Friendly employees. Could have been cleaner.
I love the food here but its getting harder and harder to find a parking spot. They share a small parking lot with starbucks and a place upstairs called The Side Bar. I highly recommend you never go here after 5pm if you want dinner because you will NEVER find a parking spot. I would suggest going to one of their other locations in the valley.
I love this Pei-Wei location.  I've been coming here since they opened about 4 years ago.  Great renovation of an old building makes for a great atmosphere.  Service is pretty good; especially the sisters who work the floor and have been there since Day 1...very sweet women and always take care of all your needs...leave 'em a buck or two, they work hard!   

Yeah, parking is a pain if you eat right at high noon or between 5 and 7pm.  I often stop on my way home from the gym and pick up take away food; much easier.  

Everything I have tried on the menu is just great. Really love their Thai Chicken and their Thai Coconut Curry ... my fave main dishes.  All 3 salads are great, and the Chopped Chicken Salad is actually way healthy when I'm watching my diet.  They just came out with some small plates; my man tried the chicken lemongrass salad small plate last night and it was really awesome.  They have a good test kitchen to come up with this stuff.  

And I know it makes me sound like an idiot, but the really cool Coke dispensing machine is the bomb.  I usually just have the Lemonade Lite, but wow...6 flavors!   haha.   good stuff.
Pretty good. Your average Pei Wei. Parking is a huge pain in the ass here.
gotta try the carmel chicken just once, its bomb! 

I don't have any major complaints but the interior was really big and spacious, I was sort of surprised by this. The amount of food you get for the price is good , I don't think it was price unreasonably at all. 

Oh props for their drink machines they have over 107 different flavors of beverages. LOL 

4 STARS
Parking sucks and birds are fearless if you eat outside. Other than that, its your average pei wei
Nice to have downtown but hit and miss, inconsistent quality. Dishes are mostly too sweet. More savory options would make this place more appealing. Either quality at this location is slipping or I have gotten bored with average sweet-themed Asian dishes.
First time here and what a big disappointment!  I like Pei Wei, been to several branches but this is one that I will not go back to.  Our order was taken efficiently but when the food came, the beef dish we ordered was super salty!  So we hailed a server and told her that the dish was too salty.  All she could say was, do you want to have the dish changed?  So we decided to have only one order replaced since we were halfway through eating the other order which came with the fried rice (that we liked) we would changed just one order of the same dish.  We had ordered two.  So she took one dish away and also removed the other dish.  Maybe we had a communicated breakdown (she could barely speak English), but she replaced only one dish.  So why did she take the other dish away too????  She had an angry face and was not happy at all!  Guess my complaint is, we paid for a dish, it got taken away and there was no offer to refund us???  Yes, one order was replaced, which was still too salty but we decided to just let it go.  That's all I have to say about that...
We eat at Pei Wei quite frequently and this location was, by far, the worst.  We went fairly late on a Saturday night so, while they were busy, they weren't THAT busy.  We waited over 15 minutes for our food - which they brought out separately.  My husband's arrived.  Then mine.  Then my niece's.  These were not spaced out by 1 minute - we're talking 3-5 minutes.  That is a long time for food to sit and get cold if you are being polite and waiting for others to eat.

I ordered the diner select honey seared chicken like I *always* do.  When it arrived, I counted my chicken pieces.  That's right - there were so few I counted them.  I had exactly 5 little chicken morsels (about the size of a piece of popcorn chicken) for my $6.50 + drink dinner.  I think I could have done better at Panda, thanks, and your quality isn't THAT much better that I would turn my nose up at Panda to eat your 5 chicken bites.

DH was okay with his steak - although in my opinion there wasn't enough of that either.

Overall we'll keep going to Pei Wei, but the 7th Avenue location is off our list.
I occasionally order take- out from this one, so I will address the McDowell location specifically.  The parking lot is completely too small for the volume of lunch and dinner business they generate. It's in a bad part of Phoenix, so I don't recommend parking down one of the neighborhood streets. However, if you need a Phoenix cop, this place is swarming with them like flies. One day I counted (5) patrol units in the parking lot.  The food is good however, and they are amenable to changing menu items to suit your palate. Though a bit overpriced for what is essentially "fast food" it's still tastes better than other Chinese take-out joints.
Food was brought to table very quickly, staff was friendly and efficient, and my kung pao chicken was piping hot and enjoyable. Not top notch in the flavor department, but far from bad. Also, Pei Wei's has the coolest soda fountain around, with about 2 bazillion soda flavors. The place is clean, and the restrooms are well-kept. And despite all the complaining about parking space, at 6 pm tonite (a Saturday) there was a couple of open parking spaces. 

And this is probably the safest restaurant in the city of Phoenix - there was 8 uniformed Phoenix Police Officers (and god knows how many detectives!)  in the dining room this evening.
I have eaten at other Pei Wei locations and have been satisfied.  However last nights purchase of four entrees was very disappointing.  The Dan Dan steak entree was so overcooked I think they mixed up our order with the nursing home order, you couldn't eve bite the noodles, they just mushed in your mouth.  The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked, totally dried out and without any sauce on the meat or veggies.  To top off the insult, only 2 fortune cookies came with our order of 4 entrees, is the economy so bad we are sharing fortune cookies now?
This use to be one of my favorite places for lunch but it has gone considerably down hill since the chain was bought out by a non local investment firm.  Service is lackluster at best and thy do not provide a level of service the business use to maintain.  Staff act as if they are doing you a favor by being served and are not the least bit friendly.  On several occasions, I have been cut off by a staff member who was in a hurry to get somewhere.  If you order a combo plate, the bring your entree out with the soup so your entree will be cold by the time you finish the app.  Overall, the food quality is about the same.  They need to improve their service if they don't wish to lose diners.
I am conflicted between two and four stars, so logically I went with three.

I do love me some Pei Wei, for several reasons. They are usually very conveniently located, you can order online, everything is yummy, they are very consistent (what you had tasted last week will be the same the next), and their quality is very good. They even have some options for reducing the calories on your favorite entrees. 

That being said I am clearly a fan, however this location has let me down a few times. Nothing major, you just might want to double check your bag before leaving with your take out. 

I requested some soy sauce and sweet and sour sauce to go with my food, he assured me they were in the bag, I took his word for it, went on my way and was very disappointed when I got home, mouth watering from the smell that enveloped my car, and saw NO sauce, of either flavor.  I was out out of soy sauce at home, so my rice was a little sad. I am not a huge fan of their sweet and sour sauce anyhow, so that wasn't a huge let down. 

My faves are the lettuce wraps (DUH!), crab wontons (very crabby, fake krab but whatev), honey seared chicken (sweet), Mongolian beef (green onions are great), and Jon likes the sweet and sour chicken (good veggies).
I've been to other locations several times but this was my first and last visit to this location. I always order the Thai Coconut Curry with chicken and rice noodles. I placed my order just like that. The person ringing me up seemed very distracted as she asked me three times if I wanted brown or white rice. I said rice noodles a total of FOUR times. I got my order and brought it back to work for lunch. When I opened it up, the first thing that I noticed was that it was made with regular noodles, not rice noodles. The worst part, though, was that EVERY SINGLE PIECE of chicken was chewy and fatty. Disgusting!! Never going to this location again.
This place can never get an online or over the phone order right! I don't know if its because they can't read or they don't care!
I eat at this location pretty frequently, but usually get take-out rather than dine in. This time we dined in. The parking there continues to be a nightmare. Not sure why they chose this location but if you don't go super early or super late, you will play hell trying to park.  The food we ordered was tasty like always and the serving was good sized. HOWEVER, a manager or someone in a position of authority, really needs to walk the dining area and move the high school crowd outside who are only having a soda. We sat at a table close to them and the profanity they were spewing was outrageous and they were quite loud. I looked around many times, hoping a staff member would notice and re-direct them, but to no avail. I actually saw one couple who sat down by them move to the other side of the dining room. I'm sure it was because of the X-rated filth coming out of their mouths.  It was like a low rent version of the cast of "GLEE" without manners or boundaries. It was enough that we ate quickly and left. I would have enjoyed staying longer and maybe even having another glass of wine, but not with that crowd ruining the experience. This place is nice and can really be a good dining experience, but someone really needs to monitor the high school kids. If I had brought my grandchildren along, I would have certainly sought out a manager and demanded they be made to leave. Not cool Pei Wei. Somebody needs to step it up in that department.
Ordered online and my food was ready, hot, and delicious. Cute girl behind the counter was very sweet and efficient. Love Pei Wei every now and then they are a bit pricy for the amount of "protein" to rice equation. Other then that. Its Fabulosity.
Its the fast food version of PF Changs
Pei Wei Combo!  Need I say more?  :)
I don't know what's going on with the management of this location, but it seems to be going downhill quickly.

We stopped in last night for what should have been a quick bite on our way to the theater. However, what would have been a quick bite turned into a long time waiting for our food. And it wasn't just us, everyone around us was commenting on how long it was taking for food to come out of the kitchen. Now, since it's open, I could that there were plenty of people back there so I'm not sure why it took so long, but it certainly did.

Now, if you're going to compete in the fast, casual, restaurant market, you need to nail the fast part. When this Pei Wei was new, maybe they could get away with it, seeing as the only nearby competition was the (now gone) My Florist Cafe, but now that there is a Habit Burger, Chipotle, Pot Belly Sandwiches, and On a Roll within walking distance the management of Pei Wei need to get their act together. 

Also, the last time we were at this location, they completely screwed up our order and brought us the wrong dishes.

Get it together Pei Wei!
My husband really likes Pei Wei's, but the floor in here is very red which makes me uncomfortable.  Are they trying to make me feel mad?  Other than that very good food.  I got the sweet and sour.  The futuristic soda machines are confusing though and added with the blood red floor I got very heated.  Fix the color scheme please I will be back frequently.
For fast casual made to order really not bad. Asian fusion NOT Chinese. Got the Thai Dynamite Chicken w/ brown rice. Pretty tasty and twangy (perhaps because of some vinegar in the dish).   While I actually enjoyed it I don't think I would get
it again.  In other words, I liked it but didn't love it.
Tried something new today... first a Roast Pork Egg roll and then Spicy Korean Chicken. Now perhaps I am a bit of a Chinese (Asian) food snob being from NY NY however one thing you can take to the bank is this... DO NOT GET THE ROAST PORK EGG ROLL. Hands down the weakest by far I have ever had!  So surprising as I have never known Pei Wei to have anything terrible and this my friends was terrible. 

OK, now the Spicy Korean Chicken.  Really just OK. While beautiful looking and presented, flavor wise... just mediocre.  Left feeling that something was missing... like perhaps a tinge more sweetness. 

While tonight's meal will by no means preclude me from coming back, I certainly learned tonight what Not to order.
This place is back to being a normal Pei Wei for those who are concerned. With that said, I'm not really sure what niche Pei Wei occupies. If I want Asian fast food, I'd rather get Panda Express which is simultaneously cheaper, tastier, and healthier. If I'm willing to spend more is rather just go to a normal Asian restaurant.

I was never a fan of Pei Wei in Tucson but decided to give this location a shot since I had a coupon for a free meal. I got a cup of the Thai wonton soup, which was fairly tasty but for 1.99 it looked like enough to fill maybe a tea cup. For an entree I tried the spicy Korean with shrimp and white rice. The whole meal was basically a flavorless morass. Two stars for good customer service and fortune cookies but would not go back on my own.
Ok it is getting better but needs some work. They run out of stuff way too often. The food is consistent quality though.
My dining experience today was fabulous! The Asian-fusion menu was fun and colorful to choose from. The parking was tight but the meal was worth it. Service was great and efficient. The food is worthy and cost about as much as Applebee's. I will return - Solid!
Good food, but the parking situation is horrible. Try to avoid lunch time during the work week, but if you need your fix during the rush it's best to call ahead or place your order online.
I love, love, love this place!  I randomly found this bakery online while searching for a bakery to make gluten free wedding cakes in Arizona.  I called them up and they were the most accommodating and helpful people ever.  They took on the challenge of making my gf wedding cake even though they had never attempted to make a wedding cake before and they made the best gf cake I've had.  The guests at my wedding were clamoring for my cake even though we had a regular one for everyone else!  When my husband and I visited GF Creations they had a tiny 3 table bistro just off to the side of the bakery.  I'm not sure if they still have it, but it was cute and we were able to sit down and eat.  I had a burger on a gf hamburger bun and my husband had a gf reuben.  Very tasty.  I would also highly recommend picking up a pie if they happen to have any when you visit.  I tried their cherry pie and it was awesome.  Overall I think this place is a dream come true for any gluten free person out there (they also cater to other allergies as well).  If you ever find yourself in Phoenix you must check it out.  You will not be disappointed.
Gluten Free Creations is amazing. It's a bakery that makes an enormous amount of gluten free pastries, breads, doughs, buns, etc. If you are allergic or intolerant to gluten, do yourself the favor and check them out. 

The gluten free bread at Sprouts supermarkets in AZ is supplied by Gluten Free Creations, which is very good. Also, the gluten free pizza dough for Picazzo's restaurants comes from this bakery. 

Most importantly, GF Creations sells gluten free breadcrumbs for turkey stuffing!!!!!! Make sure to get your order in early as I'm sure they're super busy around Thanksgiving and Christmas. Two years ago was my fiance's first Thanksgiving being gluten free and we figured he'd be royally screwed in the stuffing department. Lo and behold, Gluten Free Creations came to the rescue! They sell breadcrumbs just for the occasion! The stuffing came out so good that no one eating it (including wheat eaters) could tell it was gluten free! 

It's tucked away and can be hard to find. The front makes it look like a small operation but it's anything but tiny. Unfortunately most of the pastries have eggs or dairy in them so if you have multiple allergies, make sure you look at all the ingredients. 

Their hamburger buns aren't all that great, kind of like 2 lb. hockey pucks if ya know what I mean but I wouldn't hold that against them. Everything else has been amazing. The staff is very helpful and you just can't go wrong if you have a gluten allergy or intolerance.
Wow... just wow.  This place is heaven for non-gluten eaters.  Up until about 30mins ago I was getting a little depressed over this whole cupcake craze.  Not anymore, I just ate one of the best cupcakes I have ever had and it was gluten-free and dairy-free!

They have everything here:  cupcakes, cookies, pizza dough (they supply the gf dough to all the pizza joints in town that do gf pizza), pasta, hamburger buns, rolls, twinkies, cakes, pies, thanksgiving stuffing, bread crumbs to make your own stuffing, bagels, white bread, baguettes, I mean everything!  Oh, and it all tastes amazing.

The location is a little hard to find the first time being behind a barber shop and, like all gluten-free products, is not very cheap, but if you avoid gluten and dairy, this place is a god send.  They are very knowledgeable about their products, make everything in house, and have their products listed by allergen.... so if you don't eat dairy, eggs, or nuts, or any combination, they have it all under an easy list.  They can also special make anything for you... birthday cakes, whatever.
i have two words for you: herb baguette. I'm not a bread lover but this baguette doesn't need anything to taste good. Forget butter and don't bother dipping in olive oil. How is it possible that bread be so moist, dense, airy and flavorful all at the same time? I have no freakin' idea and that's why I have to buy from Gluten Free Creations, because there's no way I could replicate that. 

Okay okay I have no qualms with gluten. I don't really care what it is because it doesn't seem to affect me negatively, but why should only the celiac kids get the good stuff? And yes, I have tried to find this place twice before and failed (are gluten eaters stupid-er? possibly) but third times a charm when I stopped in this week. I'll admit it, I was looking for a cupcake. I think we all know about my cupcake addiction. GFC sells cupcakes in a 4-pack, which I can't support because that means I have to eat 4 cupcakes and I'm already killing myself at the gym for my one-at-a-time habit. But seriously, they had gluten free banana cupcakes! I was so sad they didn't have a spare to sell me...so sad I bought the mini herb baguettes and a brownie. 

The brownie was a two-person affair, a big frozen delight filled with thick chunks of chocolate. I couldn't tell the difference between it and a gluten-full brownie and that made me very happy. I think it may be time to start the "what makes a good brownie" debate; I feel like it will be a volatile one. I like them chewy with chunky bits. But the fluffy ones are nice too. 

 Truly though, the hero of the day was the herb baguette, which is a little smaller than a 6-inch sub, takes a long time to toast, but is worth the wait. I topped one of mine with farmer's cheese, roasted garlic and roasted red peppers. And I sat at the table crying because I knew each bite I took meant there was one less to take in the future. 

I love you Gluten Free Creations. I'm feeling smarter already.
Recently I gots the allergic to wheats and the soy (teh suck!)

Last week was my birthday and Michelle, my wife, bought a cake (and some other nifty creations) from these guys. I have had so many different "attempts" at gluten free stuff over the last couple years and let me tell you, most of it all tastes like CRAP!

NOT THESE GUYS!!!

I was so relieved biting into my chocolate cake, doughnuts, and bagels. Oh my gosh! It tastes good and pretty darn close to the original. I can't tell you how amazing it has been to have "good" baked goods again. Big props to GFC Bakery. I love you guys and I'll be back OFTEN!
It's the only place in town for everything gluten-free, and it's good. It's so good, thankfully I'm starting to find their products in other stores like Granola's on Shea near 70th. They have more of the bakery's stuff than say Whole Foods which has had their bread for awhile. Get the chocolate doughnut. Get it.
This place is not easy to find, as Erin and Julie have noted. It shares the same commercial lot with a barber shop and a Midas, and is hidden in the area behind the barber shop (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/F6rZDgYtqfjs9sQC6bv81w?select=KMbAAeCHFwhNwGFcIhc2NA). No wonder a banner over the store's door proclaims, "Congratulations, you found us!" (http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/HXAvT8Xse-4WmBZsS-Mjtg/l). The store space itself is small, and the products are quite pricey. Why the 5 stars then? Because they sell really good stuff! And it's understandable that gluten-free baked goods would be more expensive, because the necessary flours needed for such creations are more expensive than wheat flour and are not as readily available. Also, working with these alternative flours poses a challenge; my experience is that most gluten-free baked goods tend to be dry, overly dense, and tasteless. But the folks at GF Creations have managed to make baked goods that are moist, tasty, and with good texture. I enjoy their breads and muffins a lot, and I like their bagels better than regular wheat-flour bagels! Glad to know that we who try to be on a gluten-free regimen have this great source for yummy baked goods. It definitely is worth the effort trying to find this tricky-to-locate store.
The Gluten Free Bakery has inspired the mothers' day gift basket I'm making for my step-mom this year. I just returned from a quick lunch hour visit and stocked up on English muffins, everything bagels and snicker-doodles. Each of these items is frozen so I don't have to worry about them spoiling by Sunday -- so long as I keep them in the freezer. Total cost so far: $23. 

Thanks to Yelp and Kym C. (http://www.yelp.com/topic/phoenix-gluten-free) I'll be grabbing some finishing touches to round out the basket at Sprouts 25% off sale. 

Put it all together in a pretty basket with fliers from Gluten Free Creations that list restaurants that use their product (possibly a gift certificate to one of them) and retail outlets to purchase more - I think my step-mom will be really happy with her gift!! Can't wait to give it to her on Sunday!!
This weekend my roommates told me they were making hamburgers for dinner, not just regular hamburgers, but Habanero, Jalapeno, Serano hamburgers.  EFF YEAH!  anywho, I'm gluten sensitive so I most times have to forgo the bread on a good burger, but no more! 

As I was looking up places to find gluten free breads as I was extra lazy and didn't want to bake my own, I stumbled upon Gluten Free Creations through Google.  Only 15 minutes away, I figured I'd give it a shot.   I saddled up and headed into town.

If you're going there your first time, you'll probably miss it.  I did and had to circle back around and pull into the Midas repairshop that does a good job or hiding the bakery (it's right behind the garage).  

The staff was very friendly and helped me get exactly what I came for.  I also picked up a loaf of cheese bread that i've managed to eat about a fourth of the loaf today.

The thing I love most about these GF creations is that they aren't super heavy like most store bought tapioca rice breads.  The hamburger buns, although looking like oversized bisquits, were actually very moist and flavorful, not like a 2 pound hockey puck as they were previously described.

I'm almost afraid to try the donuts and cakes because I fear they'll become a habit!

I'm also looking forward to the GFC store opening soon on Miller and McDowell in Scottsdale!  yay!!!!
GFC is absolutely a heaven sent treat from above!

For those of us with gluten intolerance, it is incredibly difficult to find bread, bagels, pizza dough, pastries, etc that do not have the fateful binding agent, but wonderful places like GFC save the day!

They are located behind an auto oil changing shop (I think Midas) at 30th street and Thomas. They close at 5pm during the week, but if you call them and let them know you are on the way, they will wait around for you! Nice service!

I'm vegan so I am limited with all the items I can try, but I can tell you the vegan gluten free chocolate chip cookies are amazing AND loved by regular eaters. I don't think Brad E could get enough!

This time around I also discovered they have veggie burgers in buns! You can throw them in the microwave, but I put mine on the grill twice; both the buns and the patty. DELICIOUS!

I love the onion bagels, especially with some vegan cream cheese! I also really enjoy the herb baguettes.

Really cool news is that they just purchases Lulu's Cupcakes, so they will be opening in about a week (McDowell and Miller) with a small deli where they make sandwiches and they will have a retail area where you can get products from the bakery!

Really really amazing place that I am incredibly thankful for!

Oh, and if you live by Luci's (16th St and Bethany) they carry GFC items there too!
I was recently in Phoenix for the day and stopped at the bakery (the cafe location FKA Lulu's Cupcakes) for lunch and to get some baked goodies to take home. I'd heard a lot about this restaurant (there aren't a ton of choices for us Celiacs) and couldn't wait to try it. However, my first impression wasn't great. The cafe is in a hard-to-locate dingy shopping center. Interior of the place isn't much better. Its clean, but atmosphere-free. Although they have seating and advertise themselves as a lunch spot, the clearly don't expect people to eat there - the bathroom is used partially as storage, and the only beverages available are a small selection of canned sodas and bottled water.
And the food was...ok. My Reuben sandwich was tasty and on a very nice mock-rye bread, one of the better gluten-free breads I've had. But it was small (smaller than a normal sandwich I'd make for myself at home) and extremely expensive (a $9 sandwich? Really?) I also sampled the cheesecake while I was there. It was fairly tasty, but reminded me of those frozen Sarah Lee cheesecake you can buy at the grocery store; I'd accept a piece if it was offered to me again, but certainly wouldn't search it out. I also took a chocolate muffin and a chocolate "whoopie pie" home with me. Those treats again were ok, but nothing to write home about. They had an identical texture (muffins and cakes should feel different from each other) and left me with the chemical aftertaste so common to gluten-free foods. Since I can make brownies from a mix that taste better, I won't be buying any of those desserts again.
I won't be going back - I can make better treats at home, and the gluten-free faire in my home town (Tucson) puts this place to shame.
Amazing! Everything is SO good and they have let me in when they weren't open so I could get my pumpkin cream cheese muffin fix!
One of my favourite places to go is Gluten Free Bakery Creations when I need an emotional fix or some comfort food. Today was no exception. I was in need of some maternal nuturance and doughnuts is the food of choice to satiate the desires. Of course a gluten free doughnut is no substitute for a hug, however my family is too far away and this is a quicker route. 

The bakery is not the easiest place to find, in fact I usually pass it and it is on the way back that I find it. Look for a yellow building tucked behind Midas Muffler and the blue Mid-city Barber Shop. The front is not inviting, but once you open the door the wonderful smells mesmerize and put you into a complete trance.  There are a couple of freezers full of delectable tasty delights ranging from breads, bagels to cookies, pies cakes and mmmmmmmmm doughnuts! My favourites are the vanilla with white frosting and sprinkles. The down side is they are always frozen, the upside; I live in Arizona, a couple of minutes in my car and they are ready to be eaten! There is also a fresh made-that-day section, if you want that you need to go early as it sells out fast. They are open Mon-Fri 9-5

I gathered up my favourites, the doughnuts, the Everything Bagels and what's this? It can't be! Beef Pot Pie? I grew up eating pot pie and would case the grocery isles frequently putting my intentions out to the Universe for someone to come up with a gluten free piece of heaven and there it was! My prayers have been answered. 

I got up this morning in excitement with Pot Pie on my mind. Two choices are to microwave (not!) or pop it into the oven at 350F for 30 minutes. 

When the timer went off I was over come with excitement and yet a little fearful it would not live up to my childhood expectations. I carefully took a piece of the crust and it was like I was transformed back to my childhood listening to my father's Scottish rogues of child hood adventures. Wait is this gluten free? How can this be? The crust is so flaky and smooth that it almost melts in your mouth. I did not know it was possible to create a flaky pastry out of gluten free grains. 
As my fork pierced into the middle there was a burst of beef, potatoes, peas and carrots. It was all so perfect. 

I would have liked to have seen a little bit more beef, but that is the hunter-gatherer ancestry blood talking. I would love to see a larger version of this delight, and I am sure I could have one made to order. Over all it was worth the purchase and I will go back and get more. 

Whether you are gluten free or need to accommodate a guest Glutenfreecreations.com is the place to go. They have an extensive list of creations, and they will also accommodate any dietary restrictions as well. 

They are a certified dedicated gluten free facility, meaning they only deal with gluten free grains, which means you can trust there will never be an issue with cross contamination. 

If you go here, please drop me a line and let me know what you think..especially if you have the doughnuts or pot pie! 

Oh and by the way, if you are craving pie, stems from an urban-hermit, feeling lonely. Well Thanksgiving is around the corner, and I did go for doughnuts too right?
Atmosphere is warehouse, but the food wins the stars. You take it all home or eat it in the car on the way home. 
Prices are really good for fresh gluten free food. We think it is actually better than Mariposa in Oakland, CA. That says a lot.
Thanks GFC for the great quality.
THE BEST CAKE EVER!!!

I had my wedding cake made at GFC, because I am allergic to wheat and milk.  The cake was beautiful and the best tasting frosting I've ever had.  I have been craving that cake ever since!
*Please note that this location does NOT serve food in spite of the pictures of delectable sandwiches!!! To enjoy prepared food, please see their other location at: 7607 E Mcdowell Rd # 108, Scottsdale - (480) 990-2253. Their kitchen hours are: Tues-Fri 10am-4pm and Sat 10am-2pm. 

As other reviewers mentioned, this location is a little hard to find. It is located behind the Midas shop in a bright yellow building. Very limited space when you first walk in. They are very helpful when pointing out vegan items!
LOVE this place!! They have the BEST bread period, ever. It's called Wunderful Bread, they're chocolate chip  cookies are amazing too
This place has been a God-send for me. Being diagnosed gluten intolerant was a hard pill to swallow. But it goes down a lot better with delicious iced donuts with SPRINKLES!!!!
Wow.  I went on the hunt for a place to get bagels and GFC screamed out from YELP to come visit.   The location is back-off the (Thomas) road; you have to drive between two buildings to get to.  Early in the morning I was the only customer.

The " store" is more of an oversized storage area where the products are in a refrigerator.  This is not a restaurant nor a bakery shop!  3 bagel types all pre-packaged, 4 of one kind, no mix and match and no spreads (let's put it this way they don't know what a schemer is).  I left.  

Truly they don't cater for walk-ins and are probably well suited for pre-orders and customers with special dietary needs.  The stars may be from customers with either of those needs.
Gluten Free Creations is amazing. They have literally saved my life numerous Thanksgivings in a row for their superb gluten free bread crumbs so I could make my husband gluten free stuffing! They have provided me countless cupcakes, desserts, and tastings. They really are great. The service is fantastic and most notably-  they offer MANY multiple allergen offerings. 

Since moving to CA and frequenting a few bakeries both in SF and in so cal, I've been so impressed by other business, that I'm I'm docking them a star. But not because they're not fabulous for Arizona, only because I've had mind blowing, out of this world GF, DF, and EF (egg free) doughnuts, pastries, cupcakes, and  other baked goods in California and other parts of the country. 

I'm sorry Gluten Free Creations...It's not you, it's me! Thank you for all the wonderful products and service you gave for so many years. You're fabulous, and I wish you all the very best! 

One thing I do have to say is that even though I live in the land of gluten-free living (San Francisco) I have yet to find a GF bakery that competes with Gluten Free Creations for offering egg-free baked goods. It's easier to make a superb tasting GF bread with egg than without, trust. Gluten Free Creations has that down, for sure.
Hard to find, but painted all yellow, so once you see it behind all the other buildings on the lot, you'll know it.  Would highly recommend the simply pizza crust...a vegan gluten free creation and yummy!  The cookies are decent as are the bagels...altho' they are more like english muffins than bagels.  They always have samples out to try...each day's a different theme.
I have been by this place several times now. Also now that I am far more aware of what I am eating, I pay attention.
So today I went in. I found out this place has been here for 10 years.
It is a bakery, as well as an Eat in or to go dinner.
So much to choose from in here as well.
Bread, cookies, bagels,Pizza dough,muffins, etc, etc, etc...

I also really like that you can buy your own mixes on everything and make it your self if you so want to do it.
Menu for meals is great and when you see all the food places they supply to you will be surprised as well.
The even sell all types of cakes. You can order them form the book complete with decorations.
It is not all too cheap in here. But, A little extra effort is worth the extra price ,I think.
When we are all swelling up like Balloons changing your diet can do wonders.
I will be happy to come back here. Yeah, for a great find!
Gracious, I'm reading all of these 5 star reviews and I must say, I very much disagree. 

1. The location is squeezed between two buildings, and is really dumpy. 
2. You literally can't fit more than 5-6 people inside.
3. They offer about 12 things that are sitting in grimy refrigerators.
4. There is nobody there to help you...I came in and five minutes later a lady popped her head out from the back, said "ring the bell if you need anything" then went to the back, never to be seen again. (Even though I rang the bell like 5 times...and called for her) 
5. It smells god awful in there. 
and 
6. It's much too expensive. 

In short, I wouldn't waste my time.
When I decided to give up wheat I quickly found out how hard it was to find an even remotely palatable wheat free bread... much less bagels, muffins, cookies, etc.
My daughter got a coupon from Gluten Free Creations in her mail and we visited today. The place is very small but WOW! I now have a great selection of all of the things I mentioned above and more and best of all, judging by the delicious jalapeno cheese bagel I just had and the slice of bread I tried from the loaf I bought I have found my wheat free heaven!
The place is very clean and they were there to show us what they had to offer and answer any questions. 
A very clean and very friendly place with a wonderful, delicious selection for us people who want gluten/wheat free and even for those who need dairy and egg free. 
We'll be back and we'll be telling our friends. (I just posted a pic of my tasty bagel on my FB page.)
I am NOT a celiac, but eat gluten free by choice.  My son has nut and egg allergies also but eating disgusting Udi's GF bread was not an option nor something we needed to do but we do try vegan baked items for my son ....but I definitely feel eatging GF helps my IBS....so i was shocked to taste the amazing delicious Awelicious bread, pumpkin choc chip cookies and even ordered a GF birthday cake.......yes, it's drier, but who cares, it still tasts AMAZING!  Try the GF brownies too, they rock!
I am in love with the herbed baguette ! Finally I can have a bread that tastes good ! I love that there are now 3 locations in the valley for those of us who have a myriad of food allergies. All of the breads and etc. are frozen. But yummy, nonetheless. THE only thing I have not loved is the plain baguette. I got one for a Jeep outing with my boyfriend, and it was crumbling in our hands when we made our sandwiches on the trail. The herbed baguette is awesome. As is the herbed pizza crusts; calzones and cinnamon rolls. MMMMM.. such a treat for a food allergie'd person like me. The staff is so helpful and there is also a punch card for your purchases. I am just happy to have this bakery for options!
Let me start by saying that the address listed above is not the actual address, the little bakery is just around the corner on 30th St & Thomas, I think it may actually be attached to the back of the address listed here.
So, now for my review...my husband & I decided to try a wheat free diet & as you can imagine there is a lot of "crap" out there that is just nasty.  Gluten Free Creations Bakery is a gem I am thrilled to have found, and bonus, it is just a couple miles from my house!   When I pulled up & took my baby out of my car the young man working there came & opened the door for me, huge points there!  He then asked if I had been in before & I told him no, he proceeded to give me a menu of everything they have to offer & let me tell you, it is extensive.  He also showed me where everything was & offered suggestions.  I purchased the simple pizza crust & the Italian pizza crust as well as the Awelicious bread, we have tried the simple pizza crust & the bread and let me tell you, we are impressed with the quality & flavor.  I'll be heading back there again very soon to get more bread & maybe try some other things.
A friend of mine tipped me off to this place and being a soup- lover, I had to try it. 

The selection is minimal- 3 soups per day at the moment. Today's selection was chilled zucchini, real chicken noodle, and Caribbean black bean. I opted for the black bean, and I was not disappointed. 

The beans were perfect- not mushy like some bean soups can be. The flavors were all very distinct but blended together perfectly. Yum. 

The soups come in different sizes, with an 8 oz. bowl for $5.25. (that would be the small size) Saltines, lavosh or bread (from Simply Bread) with olive oil or butter come on the side. Everything is organic, and extremely fresh. No cans here. 

Beverage options include a few different bottled waters, a selection of hot or iced teas, and seasonal smoothies. A BYOB liquor license is in the works. 

The dining area is sparse, with three tables, but it seemed like quite a bit of business was done for take-out orders. As an FYI- they take orders for soup pick-up, and will even arrange to be there if you want to come after work. Pretty cool, considering they're currently open from 10-2. 

I would love to see a bigger selection of soup, but the place is only a few weeks old and the owner assures me that there is much more to come. I can't wait to find out what it is.
When my co-workers both had that blah feeling today, I decided we should try The Art of Soup. I had heard about from Amanda B. (thanks Amanda!) at a recent Yelp event, and had I not known where to find it, I probably wouldn't have found it!

The three soups being served today were an Asian Mushroom, Chicken with Spinach, and a Persian Yogurt soup. Jacquelyn had the Mushroom. Erin had the Chicken. I was the super-star who had ALL THREE!

No, I'm not a big piggy - I had a flight of soup! Instead of one 8oz cup/bowl of soup, I had three 4oz cups of soup, so I got to try each one. My favorite was the mushroom, but each was fantastic. The mushroom soup was today's vegan option, and it was incredibly flavorful without being over seasoned or salty. The mushrooms were the perfect consistency .... Yum!

What I loved most about getting the flight was I tend to get bored of soup. I have a few slurps and then it just gets old. However, with the flights, right when I was feeling done with one taste, I had an entirely different taste waiting for me.  

And, I honestly would have never selected the Persian Yogurt soup, but I was glad I got to try it. It was very refreshing (I saved it for last), especially on a hot day. The combination of dill and mint was fragrant and fresh, while the sweetness of the raisins complemented the bitterness of the radishes and walnuts sprinkled on top.  

Janet, the owner, told me all about where the recipe for the Persian Yogurt soup came from, and she also shared with us that all of the ingredients wer purchased at the farmer's market that very morning. 

For dessert, we indulged in amazing chocolate chip cookies from Urban Cookies .... Yum ..... But perhaps that's another review!
I went here on my lunch break today because I'm sick, and tired of Campbell's crud soups. I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness of the ingredients in my roasted-garlic-and-potato soup. Very hearty, along with the baguette and olive oil. The take-out process was easy and Janet was extremely nice even over the phone. I also found it to be moderately priced. Hey, I feel better already! My throat doesn't hurt anymore and I stopped coughing! Garlic is miraculous. I'll come here the next time I'm sick, or just want some great soup. This is a terrible review, but perhaps Janet's soup will cure my cold and I'll be back on tomorrow to write the best review of my life. Only time will tell. Or.. will it?
I finally made it here this past Friday.   The problem for me lies in the fact that Michael is not a big fan of soup like I am so I will just have to stick with this place for solo meals:).  With that said I really like this place.  I decided on the potato and swiss chard soup (i think) and the tomato basil frittata that they were featuring that day.  They both were very tasty and I cannot wait to come back again to try something else.  A couple of things I like about it is BYOB and that for the chicken soups you can choose which ingredients you like ...
  with noodles
  with escarole and little meatballs
  with orzo
  with vegatables
  with spinach 

Also a positive side note... I accidentally left my wallet there and luckily I had signed up for their newsletter so they emailed me to tell me that they had my wallet and I could come back at dinner to pick it up.  I was so thankful that they got a hold of me... I might not have noticed my wallet missing till later that eve.  Thanks!
I am in love with this place. Everything is delicious. I have been in a few times now and hands down the best thing there is the asian mushroom soup. The portion size is perfect for lunch. They offer a sampling of 3 soups with bread, which is perfect since I can't ever make up my mind. Last time was in Janet was serving roasted red pepper and sausage frittatas and bacon and egg soup both of which were excellent.
I think my problem might lie in the fact that I went to The Art of Soup for breakfast, not lunch. They had two frittatas and a couple of soups up for grabs (Including a bacon and egg soup). I had some coffee and the goat cheese and carmelized onion frittata, which came with a little bread.

The coffee was rich and delicious, but not quite enough to save my experience. The bread came out cold with cold butter that wouldn't spread. My frittata also came out fairly cold and it was TINY. About 1/3 inch thick and cut into a 3" x 4" rectangle. Which might not have been a big deal if the thing had ANY flavor. They skimped big time on the goat cheese and there was only a wee sliver of carmelized onion in the whole serving.

I plan on going back sometime soon to experience the soup, but this visit was definitely meh.
Really? The Art of Soup has 4.5 out of 5 stars? 

I visited here the other day for lunch with my father and husband. The place was super cute. Just a few tables that gives you the coziness that accompanies soup. The menu was a little difficult to read though, as it was scribbled in a grey-ish chalk that blended with the erase marks from previous days. 

After deciphering the menu we decided that everything sounded delicious. We asked to try the Roasted Butternut Squash before ordering it, and were less than thrilled. There was absolutely no flavor to it. I love making butternut squash at home and dressing it up with spices, so I guess I expected a little more. It was bland and grainy. Pass.

The hubby decided he wasn't hungry so just my father and I ordered soup. I decided on a cup of Cannelini with Kale and my father went with a bowl of Chicken Rice. From here, let's just say the only nice thing about the meal was that it was served hot and fast - go figure, it's a soup restaurant. Both of the soups were, again, bland and absolutely flavorless. The kale was chewy and the broth left a god-awful aftertaste in my mouth. My father's soup was a little better, but still horribly bland. We had to salt and pepper it, which just made it taste like, well, salt and pepper. Both soups were served with small slices of bread and cold butter that was impossible to spread. I enjoyed the bread more than the soup, sadly. 

We ate what we could quickly and asked for the check. $20 for one cup and bowl of soup, with tip included. Bummer. 

I appreciate the attempt at an all organic soup cafe, but I think the soup should be more than stellar if that's all you're marketing. Sadly, I can make much better soups at home. Next time I'll pass on The Art of Soup.
Back from holiday and had some amazing soups that made me reflect back on my experience here.  I have to preface this review with that the owner here is quite lovely and I'm sure has the best intentions, but unfortunately the soup was sorely lacking.  As a proponent of organics, I had my hopes way too high.  Well, first of all it was a bit confusing if we were to order at the counter from a very smudged, unreadable chalk board or if we were to be seated.  The owner appeared from the kitchen and said to have a seat eliminating our initial confusion.  To keep this review to the point, we ordered a smoothie, bland.  A frittata, very small and actually strange as if it might have been cooked in the microwave, need I say more.  Two bowls of soup, one was a bean with kale, unfortunately the beans were not thoroughly cooked and the flavor was not allowed to develop.  The other a red pepper concoction, that another diner suggested, was one dimensional and needed copious amounts of help sprinkled with some love.  
When paying these boutique prices one expects and should get a better quality, culinary creation.  These soups needed proper development and herbal infusions that the kitchen obviously lacks.  I would like to offer a suggestion that may help her, so she can spend more time with the soup prep and less time running around the table up front, and that is to consider a different style of service.  The place is so small that she could have customers order from the chalkboard, if readable, and then deliver the orders.  I wish her the best in her endeavor.
We each had a different soup so we could both have a taste of two soups, the Asian mushroom was excellent. the Broccoli was really good the only negative thing, (and we diden't ask) is  we could have used a little more bread.  The cup was a good serving for one. The dessert was yummy. it's a fun atmosphere Good service a nice break from the usual lunch. P & C
I love soup.    I would say I am a soup maven.     I shop at the same Farmers Market, so I appreciate the fresh, local, in-season produce they use.     I am also a vegetarian, so having so many non-meat choices was terrific.

I went there with my son.    We each had flights of soup.     

The service was odd.    It's not clear whether it is counter service (not unusual when the menu is written on a chalk board behind the counter) or table service.      It is the latter.      It disturbed me that when I prefaced my question by stating "it's our first time here", the owner snapped at me, saying "well we don't bite."     Not a good joke.    A simple "welcome" would have been much better.

That said, the soup was really good.     Like another reviewer I thought they needed salt and I am thrilled that they under-salt.     

Our only other objection was that the hot soups arrived lukewarm.    I suppose we could have asked to have them reheated, but after the snippy welcome we received, I thought better of it.    

I'm generously giving it 3 stars, but I'm really thinking 2.5.
Five reasons I like The Art of Soup:

The moxie: Soup, in Arizona!?! The idea is so crazy... it works! My favorite soup is the red pepper gazpacho. It will be refreshing when the summertime comes.

The atmospere: This is where you want to go if you are looking for comfort food and relaxation.

The integrity: They change the menu every week because it depends on what veggies are in season! Every thing is very simple, yet full of flavor.  

The Soup Flight: Your choice of three different 4oz. tastes of the day's soup, it is perfect for the incredibly indecisive people such as myself.

The accommodation: They have a no noodle option for their noodle soups for all the gluten-free people out there. And they always have AT LEAST one vegan/vegetarian option.
A business partner and I stopped in while in Phoenix on business- we were looking for a quick lunch spot that was healthy and unique to Phoenix.

Best words to describe this place: cozy (only a few tables), specialized (small, fresh, organic menu), successfully quirky (great mish-mash of flavors)!

The BEST SOUP (out of 4 soups that I tried): The Red Pepper Gaspacho. Not for those who fear spice, this zesty take on the chilled soup was outstanding with simple ingredients wielding a complex taste. Garnished with crisp, fresh vegetables.

The owner took great care with her creations and made us feel like old friends. We will definitely stop back in when in town again!
We had a terrible experience.  It was a rainy day, of course the  place was crowded.  They only had "bisque" left and they had 2 options.  My husband brougth home the medium size which is really pricy.  It tasted like slightly flavored water with a few veggie chunks.  I would not have bothered to take it back, but it was so pricy and since we love downtown places, we wanted to the owner to know.  The woman was very rude went I went to return, she did not offer to give my money back, but only the other "bisque"  this too was not good.  We put in the garbage and were sad that we will not have a soup joint in the downtown area we will ever return.  The woman was rude and did not seem glad we were offering feedback.
What can I say besides...Foodgasm!  I could not make up my mind so I chose the flite of soup (they had at least 7 soups to choose from!).  Three little bowls of deliciousness that you get to pick from the soup of the days.  Chicken Noodle, Potato Arugula Leek and Cucumber Avocado were what I chose.  Absolutely delish !  The owner is fantastic and delivers personal attention.  Oh, and they have these awesome tea contraptions which they use for serving and steeping loose leaf tea.  Loved it so much that I bought one to bring home with me and now I am enjoy a fabulous cup of Tulsi-Ginger tea in my new Adagio tea infuser.  They also have desserts...the cardamom cake is to die for!  Didn't have room after the soup so I took it home for later.  Fantabulous!

Looking forward to enjoying soup here again soon and trying some more of their tasty looking options.
let me start off by saying this place is extremely difficult to find/see on the side of the road. better signage would be lovely...or if someone trimmed those fucking trees in the front of the place so you could actually see it.

feeling rather down in the dumps with a cold today, i thought nothing would be better than a hearty cup of soup. after nearly missing it, i parked illegally at the contractor store and walked inside to a quaint little shop. the owner (janet) greeted me and suggested i try the chicken with orzo pasta. i got whole grain bread and a black iced tea.

the chicken orzo soup was probably the best version of chicken noodle soup i've ever had. the vegetables nearly melted in my mouth, and the chicken was shredded (just how i like it) and tender. the orzo noodles were the perfect pick for this delicious soup and added a nice twist to traditional chicken noodle. the bread was fresh, soft, and delicious and came neatly packaged in a bag with a side of butter and utensils wrapped in a napkin. very nice to-go presentation. the iced tea was fresh, cold, and delicious.

my only complaint...$2.50 for a 16oz iced tea? that's insanity.
You would think that the warmer it is in Phoenix the less you are likely to drink or eat something HOT. It is a proven fact that hot beverages cool off the body ( I heard this, really I did) I stop for soup here often but not as often as I'd liked to. I am crazy for the Bread that accompanies the soup. It soft and fresh and terrific. Elizabeth try using SALT. I expect organic foods to be original and The Art of Soup does not let me down. I just finished my bowl of celery root and potato soup (the bread did not last the car ride home) The owner Janet is always kind and I have NEVER had a problem with the service. TERRIFIC ALL AROUND................ JANET I DIG THE CELERY / POTATO SOUP
Thank you
Beats pizza any day
Not my style of soup. Very watery, not enough flavor, lack of veggies. Somewhat pricey !! The owner is very nice though.
Nice place for what a pizza place has to offer.

$8.95 for a Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad (that can feed 2 if your ordering pizza etc.) You can get the $14.95 plate. Maybe that feeds 4?

$9.95 for the Margherita: Roma Tomatoes, Garlic, Fresh Basil.
Tasty good. Asked for extra garlic didn't seem to make it on this order. Or it could be the Garlic Cheese Bread ($5.95) was head & shoulders more "garlicy" so the pizza paled in comparison?

Before, I have tasted some left over Thai Chicken pizza that was in the fridge at home, it was very tasty. Will try it fresh out the oven eventually.

 The Messy Sundae ($8.50)
My visit was for a B-Day. (FREE they said on B-Day) 
This is a Very Tall (stands what looked like 1-1/2 ft.) sundae glass cascading with chocolate over a couple of scoops of icecream.
It was fine finish to the stay!

Mixed bag as far as customers go, the retired, the first date, the small family, even a table of kids babysitting themselves. 

Kids Menu available.

Wait staff is on it. 
Lets call this a Pizza Restaurant with polished details and an upscale menu. Check it out. 3 other Las Vegas location with another opening soon S.Rainbow. And 10 more in SoCal.

Only thing I noticed, at least for this time of year, the Sun crashes through the windows from off to the left. So be aware. They have blinds but I noticed that those annoying little streaks still get through for some time.

I'll check it out again and get better layout details. for ya'all.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/10/08

Back again.

Kids wars. Cell Phone wars. wtf!?
Salad was nice again.
Thia Chicken Pizza was good indeed.
Of all things to order someone got a Pepperoni. Looked like shit. Kinda pooled up some oil. Yay, lunch tomorrow. 

I guess if you stick with things that you can't get at Pizza Hut your ok here. Duck Tacos for one.........next time, next time
I have been to this location 4 times, and each time have had a great experience.  Their happy hour, from 3-6, includes half-price tapas, beer, and wine, so we make a meal from their extensive (18 items) tapas menu.  They have a great wine list, with a description and rating for each wine.  I made a reservation for 12 once, and they had the table ready and were expecting me when I arrived 10 minutes early.  Attentive wait staff, great food, relaxed atmosphere.  

Only complaints:  A little hard to see if you're sitting in the sun (welcome to Vegas, though).  Crab & spinach dip has too much onion.
When I'm in Vegas, I always make a point of stopping at Sammy's. the balasamic grilled chicken salad is out-of-this-world. And don't forget the big messy sundae to top off all those greens at the end of your meal. 

Good stuff!!
I had a craving for pizza. So this is where the review starts...

We decided to go to Sammy's and I was pleasantly suprised at the outside seating area. Unfortunately, I get cold easily so I stayed inside. However, there is a nice little fire going with booths and tables surrounding it. 

I opted for the Tuscan pizza while my bf chose the New York. I secretly liked his better and was jealous that I didn't chose that one. But we share so I did get a piece of the pie. 

I choose Tuscan because of the arugula and prosciutto. I know prosciutto is salty but it didn't seem to fare well on my pizza. Plus, I didn't know that it was fresh arugula on my pizza... It was a suprise. But I ate the pizza with no complaints...

However my friends.... the NEW YORK pizza was delicious.  MEAT! MEAT! MEAT! Could have had more salami but I guess all good things in moderation. 

Would I go here again? Possibly. But I think I'll try out other pizza joints in the area first.
Came for Happy Hour which is 4-6 daily now. Half off tapas and drinks (wine and beer)...only beer that was sounding decent was Sierra Nevada so skipped out this time. One nice surprise too is for the month of April Favorites and New Stuff are half off also (4 kinds of new pizza- tuscan, caprese, sicilian, diavola and 1 artisan type- feta, ahi sliders, chicken chile tacos, kobe chili, white tuna salad).

Had mini duck tacos- these were so cute! They were good too though...nice bbq flavor on the duck and like the feta with it.

Tuscan pizza- prosciutto, artichoke, olives, arugula. It was pretty good but with prosciutto and olives it made it a tad too salty and kinda made all the rest of the food salty.

Ahi sliders- one of my favorite things here...3 sliders and comes with seasoned fries and a pickle. Pretty good patty, slightly spicy.

Not too much beer selection, but they do have some Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Decent, fresh, goes with everything we're eating.

Service was good..never had to ask for another drink and I'm a thirsty one needing several refills of ice tea!

 Best all- this is like a few blocks away from the house so good to drop in for HH.
My boyfriend and I went here just to try it out since everyone that we knew said it was good. He ordered the Mini Burgers (Kobe Beef) with fries which had 3 mini burgers. It was delicious! I ordered their pizza, it was good but just really oily. But the best thing of all is their mini duck tacos, they are so small and cute and oh so fantabulous! Totally recommend it. It comes with 6 mini tacos for only $9.95! 

Over all I've been here about 6 times and always try something new...
I recommend:
Mini duck tacos
Pastas are delicious (they are pretty big so you can actually share with someone) Shrimp with angel hair is my fav which is $14.95.
Lebni with flat bread is oh so mouth watering! Only $8.95 it's a great starter!
Kobe burger $10.95

I've tried more but wasn't a big fan like the mahi mahi tacos, not the best I've had! Lobster bisque is okay not the best I had!

Anyway, this place is really small but the staff is friendly and lots of parking!
This is really good Pizza!  The gourmet special with truffle oil is awesome, my other fave is the BBQ chicken but all the pizzas are good so good that I have not tried the pasta dishes and we have been here at least 6 times.
Picked up take out from Sammy's today.  It was pretty good.  It may have even been better if we had eaten in the restaurant because the pizza did sit for awhile and the salads were in plastic containers.

The pizza really reminds of CPK.  Same small pizza and similar flavors.  We had the Margharita and Pepperoni pizza.  The dough had a good taste which is important to me.

The salads were ok- like I said probably better in the restaurant.  The hummus was delicious, but the flatbread was a little dry.

I ordered the donuts and they looked fantastic, but I did not get to try them.

The restaurant is cute, the servers were nice.
Had lunch here with some people from work and as always its great.  The service was a little slow, but what isnt in Vegas.  
I had the Grilled Shrimp Salad with a extra shrimp.  It was awesome.  The shrimp if full of flavor, and the salad had just the perfect amount of salad dressing on it.  Would recommend to anyone..
Had a house salad, prosciutto pizza, glass of Malbec.  Delightful way to end a busy week.  The house salad was one of the better house salads I've ever had - very well-dressed and I loved the kalamata olives.  Good stuff, i would definitely come back here.
I've come in a few times for Happy Hour tapas- they're pretty good and you can't beat the price. 

One note I wanted to put is that I had the Lebni cheese tonight. I like their flatbread and I like soft cheeses and Mediterranean spices... they put a spice mix on the cheese and all over the bread. I shook the bread and a lot of spices fell off so I would maybe recommend to just get spices on the cheese and tell them to skip the bread since apparently it is the norm to throw on that much spice mix. They replaced it with a new one right away. 

Got some duck tacos which are always good. Braised asparagus with Romano shavings, balsamic and prosciutto- perfectly cooked veggie. I eat a lot of "real" Italian food and this is something we definitely would have at dinner since it's clean fresh, simply done flavors.

Service has always been decent here so I don't have any big complaints about this location.
Service is great and always with a smile. Big fan of both their salads and their pizzas. Try the Thai Chicken Salad - one of my favorites in town! Great happy hour with appetizer and wine specials. Ask for Jamie. Both of them are great!
I was pleasantly surprised in coming here.  I had passed by for years and always thought that for some reason it would have bad quality.  Boy was I wrong.  The pizza crust was just right, nicely wood fired and not to thick.  They had a good selection of toppings, so I didn't feel like I was stuck with a plain jane pizza.

We came during happy hour and were able to try a variety of tapas  at half price.  I admit some of our choices were odd to go with pizza (hummus).  But they were good anyways.  I will come back.
I must say I was happy for the most part with this place.  I had the Sun Dried tomato pizza which was an all around good pizza.  The service could of been better, but hey I've had worse.  The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars and not 4 is merely because of the food.  Don't get me wrong the food was great, but I think I can find better pizza.  I'll try my luck with some other pizza joints before coming back here though.  Definitely worth the try, next time I will have to try the tapas everyone seems to be raving about.
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the restaurant was because it was my first time going. I ordered the pepperoni pizza & was disgusted with how greasy it was! when my waitress finally came back over I asked her for extra napkins. Her immediate reply was, "for your pizza? It's always too greasy" I couldn't believe she would say that, number one, & number two that they are aware of the problem and still serve pizza that disgusting. Safe to say I won't be returning, papa johns as better pizza than them & that's saying something.
Had to send my food back, pasta was tough and sauce tasted like a can of chef bouyardee...
Finally a place in the Centennial Hills area that has good food AND good Happy Hour specials. I've ventured here with the family on more than one occasion and have never been disappointed. The last time I visited we had a rather large group and aside from some timing issues on delivering the entrees and the appetizers we all enjoyed it. They have a huge selection of appetizers ranging from duck tacos to coconut shrimp. It's all delicious! My personal favorite is the garlic cheese bread, which is simply a cut up cheese pizza without sauce. It is cheesy yummy goodness! The brie cheese pizza was tasty but spicy! I let my Mom try it and it burned her mouth. The waitress said that it's the oil that they coat the dough with prior to putting on the topping. I have tasted several other of the pizzas and all were delicious. The beet salad is also a fave. My girls like to eat the huge ice cream sundae. Not only is it huge, it is an undertaking fitting of 3 or more appetites. I'm not a huge dessert eater but the Sunday is a chocolate gooey masterpiece of indulgence that I just can't pass up! 

Their Happy Hour is half off apps and drinks!
Best place in the northwest!!  The staff is incredible! Jaime is hands down the best anywhere!! The food is amazing and if you want something a little different, they will create something for you! The truffle pizza is to die for!! They remember you and you always feel at home.  This is a weekly institution!!!
My son and I had dinner here for the first time and we will go back. The food was good and service was good, my only complaint is they only have bottle beer and not very many. They should have a few on draft :) I wanna go back for happy hour that is only from 4 to 6
Their Pizza is OK.  Tried it several time but have nothing good or bad to say ... just ok.
I am a fan of their Balsamic grilled chicken salad.  Chicken is marinated and it tastes great, love the cheese and the walnuts as well.  I can taste the basil in the salad and I like the flavor it brings.  I would strongly suggest asking for dressing on the side.   Couple of times I forgot to ask for dressing on the side and my salad was drenched in dressing...
I will be back but just for the salad (with dressing on the side... lol) not the pizza.
We got Pork pot stickers which are fantastic here. We shared a greek salad...Was fair.....then a thai pizza ...Gross I do not recomend this one....
Being new to the neighborhood we were delighted to discover a great pizza place.  We have ordered take out a few times and dined in once.  All the food and service has been great!
I have eaten at the Sammy's in San Diego lot of times, I love it. Tonight we felt like having pizza, I suggested a place in Summerlin that we love, but it is a bit to far from our house. We order take out from Sammy's and became very sad when we arrived home. We ordered the New York pizza, and the Balsamic chicken salad. The pizza did not live up the 13 dollars that it cost and the salad was wilty. I hope I don't wake up at 2am vomiting out of control.  :(
Really good pizza place my wife and I have eaten at five times. The Pizza Diavola and the Five Cheese pizzas are favorites of ours. My wife's favorite dish is actually an appetizer. It's hummus with ground kobe beef that has been seasoned with cinnamon. Sounds strange at first, but is delicious. Sometimes she orders it as her actual meal.
My wife must eat a gluten free diet. We ordered a gluten free garlic chicken pizza for my wife and a New York Style pizza for me. The best pizzas from NYC always have olives so I asked for them to be added. My wife was very happily with her pizza; I thought mine was nothing short of how pizza should taste. Excellent food, excellent service.
Had Sammy's for the first time last night. They have a huge menu. The hubs got a pizza (which looked amazing) I had the London Broil (I was craving a steak),The London Broil smelled amazing, looked amazing, and was SO tender, but had ZERO flavor. Im not even sure how that happens, but it did. Even with the mushrooms, and garlic... They  didnt help. 
The hubs said his pizza was "Eeh" but that the crust was amazing. For the prices, we expected better.
Besides a tasty menu using fresh ingredients and prepared fresh each day, for those on a tight schedule late afternoon or early evening, from 4 to 6 PM the happy hour half price tapas selections can't be beat. 

Ask Jamie the bartender for recommendations based upon your health issues or palate preferences, and he'll be happy to help you out. My friend who goes with me when I'm in town can't eat mayo or fries so Jamie made a great tasting healthy selection as a substitute. So, when I come to town, I try to stop when I'm in the area at least once. Don't forget the wine discounts included during HH 4-6.
One of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas. I love the BBQ chicken pizza. It is my favorite. They have tapas happy hour from 4-6pm 7 days a week. My favorite tapas: Crab&Shrimp dip, mini duck tacos, and coconut shrimp. They have the best spicy crackers.
The service is great! I love their duck tacos!
While I've reviewed several other Sammy's locations in the Valley, I've never written one for this one, though we've eaten here before.  The occasion tonight was for a "milestone" birthday party for a friend, and we were able to order whatever we wanted. 

There were about 16 of us, and we were seated at two adjacent tables.  If that was the restaurant's decision, I applaud it, since it broke up that awful big-party long table that has some people invariably stuck, with no way to exit.  We had just one server who worked her butt off, but never once lost her cool or made us wait for anything.  I wish I knew her name, but never did get it.  

Since this dinner party was called for 5:00 pm, which for us is really a late lunch (!), we weren't all that hungry.  Besides, we had an Oscar party to go to later, and expected to be able to nosh there, too.  So hubby and I shared the Mini Duck Taco appetizer, which is fantastic, and our mainstay Thai Chicken Salad.  The salad seemed bigger than usual, and was its customary delicious combination of romaine, shredded zucchini, chopped tomatoes, peanuts, and other goodies, complemented by a slightly spicy dressing that we get on the side.  We had enough left over to share as a side salad the next night.  My one complaint was that the chicken was overcooked and way too dry, but overall, this is a winning dish that we order over and over again.

All in all, this Sammy's is not unlike all the other Sammy's, and the terrific service made for a very pleasant experience.
Oh man, our house loves Sammy's. We used to go every Thursday but we've been really busy and haven't been able to make it over- so now we get takeout. ha
Food:
Our favorites are their salads and the pizzas.- Notably the chinese chicken salad, bbq chicken pizza and the vegetarian pizza. Ask for the balsamic dressing to dip the vegetarian pizza in. mmmm
The steak sandwich is also pretty stellar. 
We've had most of the menu at some point and have never been disappointed. 

Service: 
Service is always great. Everyone who works there is nice and friendly. We do request Janae (Junae?) though. She knows our order and is AWESOME. 

Also, the ambiance of the Sammy's is nice. Spring/Beginning of summer it's really nice to sit out on the patio around dusk and hang out with friends.

Overall, we love this place, and can't say enough good about it!
Love this place!!!!  Great food and great people! Our favorite is Jamie C. he is excellent and we get the best customer service from him!  Ask for him the next time you go and I promise you will be astonished!!!!
Sammy's is one of my favorite places to eat!! They have an awesome wine selection and an awesome chopped chicken salad! I always request Jaime when I go into the bar. He is such and amazing bartender and friendly person! A+++
I love how their server's personalities are consistent. They really like to connect. :)
The happy hour half price tapas from 4-7 PM are an outstanding deal.  Duck tacos, hummus and crab dip are great.  Service was also fantastic.  Join their e club and get a free sloppy sundae on your birthday which is HUGE.
We only went there because we had a gift certificate. The caesar salad had been sitting in dressing too long and was wilted, and the croutons were so hard I nearly broke a tooth! My daughter, who is 13, said her basic alfredo pasta was "disgusting", and I have to admit that it was pretty gross, swimming in milk and completely lacking any seasonning. My husband's tequila chicken pasta was very bland. But my fish tacos, surprisingly, were very good! The menu is all over the place...Pizza? Lebanese? American/? Mexican? We don't know! WIll we go back? Probably not.
Just got a very nice email from the GM apologizing for our bad experience and explaining the whole "global cuisine" deal, and also to ask for a second chance. OK, I'm impressed. I might just do that. Stay tuned.....
Love this salad and usually order it to share with friends.  The dressing is just spicy enough, and the fact that the veggies are julienned, including sprouts makes this a great summer salad.

Also, the Margherita Pizza (fresh tomatoes atop w/basil) is a delightful selection, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese!

A tip if you are ordering take-it - make sure you allow plenty of time at this location, if your time is limited.
Try it!
This place rocks! Try the barbecue pizza, yes lawd; definitely hit the spot! Our server was attentive, funny, and on point. Will definitely revisit. Oh, don't sleep on the shrimp pizza. Their menu is diverse, and the one off of Durango is worth the visit.
What happened to the Daiya Cheese?  I didn't see it as a substitution option in the pizza section on the menu so I asked our server.  The menu was redone a few weeks ago so now there are only 3 options for vegans.  Not even the fried tofu with ginger miso is a vegan option - really, vegans are usually the only people that will consider ordering tofu from a non-asian restaurant and Sammy's isn't going to make that an option for us?

Well, one order of hummus for me and a vegetarian pizza for my husband and here's the review.  (BTW, he asked to omit the eggplant from the vegetarian pizza but was told that the toppings were already mixed together.  What?  Are the pizzas  pre-assembled now?  Well, our order was up in less than 5 minutes which solidified my theory - total chain restaurant.  I know there are a lot of Sammy's locations but I honestly thought that freshly prepared food was still the norm.  

The hummus was smeared on the plate with a sloppy dowsing of paprika and served with 8 wedges of flat bread.  I seriously wonder if the flat bread was vegan friendly because it tasted like butter was spread on it rather then olive oil.  I had to generously season the hummus with red pepper flakes for some taste.  

The vegetarian pizza had no flavor.  Husband had to season with both salt & red pepper flakes.  We also deconstructed the pizza looking for any sauce which we could not find.  It did appear that the cherry tomatoes on top were fresh.  

We ordered one glass of wine and one beer and that was all we had.  After consuming all of the red pepper flakes water would have  been welcomed but for some reason we were not offered it.  The other 4 occupied tables in our area all had water, including the other table our server was waiting on.  On the way out the door we made it a point to take water inventory on the rest of the occupied tables and confirmed that we were the only ones without.  

After this experience the all too familiar conversation that we have in the car on the way home is titled:  This is why we never go out to eat.
Great food but slow service. Wouldn't have been such a big deal except while our food took over 30 minutes, the managers friends had food in less the 5 minutes!!!  Very disappointed.
This is my favorite Sammy's location in town. Even after moving across town I will still make the trip if I am in the mood for it. Has a nice atmosphere and great customer service. Management has always treated my family excellent, very attentive!

I usually choose boring pizzas like pepperoni, but I do enjoy the duck tacos.

Great place for something different.
Sammy's is:
- A relaxing place for happy hour (4-6)! 
- Drinks, $2 OFF; Tapas, Half Price; Excellent Service.

OUR HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:
- My wife and I had an enjoyable happy hour experience at Sammy's yesterday evening (Monday) over delicious food and drinks! 

- For drinks, we had Cab ($5/glass), which was pretty good. For Tapas, we had: (1) Mini Duck Tacos ($5.25), flavorful and great presentation; (2) Garlic Cheese Flat Bread ($3.50), tasty, good texture; (3) Lettuce Cups ($5), deliciously flavored finely diced chicken meat filling (though a bit too salty), with butter lettuce leaves for wraps!  They all tasted heavenly! 

- The service was outstanding! Our young lady waitress, Samantha, was extremely friendly and efficient! By the way, we got in the restaurant just 10min before the the happy hour was over. Samantha made sure that our drink and food orders went in promptly, and assured us that our second drinks would be at happy hour price, too. She was attentive, always keeping an eye on tables she served. - A great waitress, indeed! In fact, some guests came in a few min AFTER 6, and Samantha was still able to get them the HH prices! This is a good restaurant practice, also. Customers would appreciate that!

We will definitely go back to Sammy's, and try out other dishes on the menu! 

THE RESTAURANT DECOR & AMBIENCE:
- This Sammy's is in the large Grand Montecito Plaza; at the corner of the circular court yard. At the entrance is the bar area with an inviting bar counter and several bar tables. Both wings of the bar are 2 nice dining rooms. It also has an attractive medium size patio seating area by the court yard. One can enjoy HH anywhere in the restaurant. The windows along the entire front wall privides a pleasant view of the court yard. This restaurant has a relaxing ambience. 

Peterskis, Sept 2012
The service was slow we had to remind the waitress to bring us our water the food was okay. With no leadership taking action , we had to go up to the counter ask for Parmesan cheese and also give them the check and the credit card so we could leave. The food is mediocre at best for the service to be so slow, especially in Las Vegas given all the competition a great places for places to eat. It's okay you have all the time the world. I don't plan on returning any time soon
Went for lunch and had a great experience. We were immediately greeted upon walking in the door, and seated in a booth as requested. Our waiter was great, he has been our waiter on multiple occasions. He moved the table at the booth so I could place the car seat with my daughter in it down. 

We like ordering a bunch of tapas and sharing. We had the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes, Pork Dumplings, Baba Ghanoush, Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers, and Garlic Cheese Bread. 

All of the food was fantastic, the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes are a must if you have never tried them. The Pork Dumplings are great and the Ponzu chili dipping sauce they come with is absolutely incredible. I would also recommend the Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers if you want something different. Very light, with a lot of flavor. 

The Garlic Cheese Bread is absolutely heavenly!! Bottom line is you have to try Sammy's, and this is the best location in town.
Consistent quality in quiet surroundings.  Great salads and pizza for lunch or dinner and nice wine specials
Great bartender/waiter.  Don't know his name but he has taken care of us every time I have been in there.  Great server and always kept the beers topped off and was very friendly.  The Kobe sliders and the NY pizza was amazing.
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill has the healthiest food this side of Las Vegas! I highly recommend it for people on a Gluten Free diet. They offer very tasty dishes.
This is one of my favorite places for tapas n wine! Half off tapas and spirits from 4-6pm and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their wine. If you ask them nicely they will give you a heavy poured "taste" of the wine of your choosing. I love the duck tacos, chicken lettuce cups and pan fried peppers. Their pizzas are all great and their salmon dish is very tasty. It's quality food on the cheap.
The lobster bisque and lettuce wraps are amazing.  Especially love the happy hour appetizers.
Yummy food and nice atmosphere with wonderful service.
This place is just okay, pizza is a pizza just gourmet style. Atmosphere is pretty laid back which I love alot! Did not really run through the menu because I except it more of a pizza joint. 
I will visit again but not in a top 10 of choices around my area! Staff were very assisting and checks on us at great intervals.
UPDATE! Since I've written this review (2010 incidentally...just recently dug it up and posted it, I'm sure a lot has changed since) Sammy's has changed the Fish Tacos to a tempting Grilled Hawaiian Ono served with a Chipotle Aioli Sauce. I'm sure any negative elements of my experience have long since been addressed. 

Here's my previous review. I'll update it as soon as I return! Thanks to General Manager Jay Hartwig for his quick insights!

The Review: So it was Mother's Day and due to some illness with the kids, we decided to order out for some fancy foodstuffs. We finally decided that maybe we'd give Sammy's another shot after writing them off several years ago due to not being too impressed with our experience.

After perusing the website (the kind of website with annoying music that doesn't give you an option to turn it off) we were excited to discover that Sammy's had FISH TACOS! Specifically Mahi Mahi tacos. Described as follows: Crispy Mahi Mahi Tacos with creamy tomato cilantro dressing, lime, guacamole and salsa with your choice of flour or corn tortillas.

Well I couldn't pass up this opportunity to further my explorations of the plane of existence that only fish tacos are privileged to permanently inhabit. But I digress. Let me tell you about my experience...

So after getting a busy signal a few times, I was finally lucky enough to get through only to wait about fifteen rings while worrying that they might be closed on Sunday following in the footsteps of their fellow local eateries. Upon eventually answering the phone, I was quick to order 2 orders of the Mahi tacos to go. My mind reeled momentarily when they asked if I wanted flour or corn, as this was a to-go order and I am no stranger to the short life span of a corn tortilla, when combined with fish and other assorted edibles. Yet I had to see....I had to know... so 2 corn and 2 flour, if you please. I was then asked if I wanted coleslaw or french fries with those. I know, right? Not exactly what I expected to hear, and honestly sent a sliver of dread up my spine for fear of my making a huge mistake. I then continued with ordering a couple more things off of the menu irrelevant to my literary endeavor, was told it would be ready in twenty minutes and bid adieu.

Twenty minutes later, I find myself looking for a place to park. Fast forward to standing in the bustling lobby, anxiously awaiting my wife's beet and arugula salad while my fish tacos (2 on corn tortillas) threaten to decompose by the minute in the huge clear plastic container that they mock me from. Salad's here! See ya....time to haul my ass home!

Aside from the environmentally catastrophic presentation, these things looked pretty good. It was also obvious that these were, for the most part, of the "Do It Yourself" variety. Fair enough. If they put salsa and guacamole in there and no chips to speak of, then apparently the condiments are intended for the tacos themselves. I felt inclined to oblige. I did notice something was missing though. The advertised "creamy tomato cilantro dressing". Bummer. I was somewhat looking forward to what they might have had to offer in that category. Needless to say, this posed a situation for the fish. Because now there was no hiding under some fancy sauce.

I started with the corn tortilla taco first, due to the fact that the disintegration had already begun and because I didn't want to be forced to use a fork (For a taco? Bastards. Never.)

Every bite of this particular taco was delicious yet awkward. The corn tortilla barely made it. I found it hard to focus on the particulars of this one due to all my thought processes going to keeping that thing together. On to the flour tortilla taco...

Guacamole, pico de gallo, red cabbage, a squeeze of a juicy lime, a crunchy perfectly cooked piece of Mahi Mahi and a not too crispy, not too soggy flour tortilla equaled easy to handle deliciousness in every bite.

Well done Sammy's, well done.

Although how can I rate this first experience with this establishment's fish tacos when an apparent crucial ingredient, that was so proudly included in it's description, was neglected to be added to these tacos at all? I believe I have to review these again, which I don't think I'd mind. Although with being so impressed with the sauce-less tacos, how will I enjoy them when they do decide to add sauce? Will the sauce ruin them? Or will they just take those things to the next level? I'm not sure I like being in this position. Either way, part 2 of Sammy's will most likely be shorter.

I would definitely recommend these for the people who like a fish taco with breaded fish. The corn tortillas would be sublime for dine-in, but for take-out I would recommended the flour. Actually, I don't think I'll ever order corn tortillas again for my fish tacos if I'm ordering to-go from anywhere. 

3 thumbs up for the sauce less version...
I had a very good time when I was here yesterday. I happened to be there during their happy hour, which is Half Priced Tapas and $2 off beer & wine daily from 3 - 6pm, so I ordered the Oak Roasted Asparagus and my friends ordered Hummus and Chicken Lettuce Cups. All three of them were delicious and came out quickly. I would also like to mention how professional our waitress was. She asked me after we ordered our Tapas whether or not we minded having them come out when they were ready or if we preferred them to come all out at once. I said to bring them out when they were ready, which she did. I ordered a pepperoni pizza for an entre and it was delicious. The patio seating was wonderful and the prices were reasonable. For four people our bill was $65. I will be back.
Good food!!! But the service was slow...
Friendly staff, good atmosphere.  Inside or outside seating option is good.

Small portions sizes, high price, compared to most pizza establishments.  Taste is average.

They ran out of a gluten free menu item when we were there, so my wife got a menu option she did not prefer.
We like to go here for Tapas happy hour!  Fun little plates of deliciousness that are great for sharing.

It's a good family place and our picky eater can always order pizza (there's a kid's menu).  

Service is usually pretty good.
Came here because of the reviews, but wasn't expecting this place to be as nice as it was. Upon walking in, I almost felt as if my girlfriend and I were a bit underdressed. The decorations here are top notch and you immediately feel warm and welcome once you're inside. The host was extremely nice and asked us our seating preference before bringing us to our table. He also reassured us that were dressed appropriately as they aim to bring an "upscale casual" dining experience.

Our waiter came by shortly after we were seated and took our drink orders of water and Blue Moons. We were partial to the tapas because they all looked awesome. He let us know that they were definitely worth a try but told us we need to come by again during happy hour where Tapas are half off and beers are $2 off. We were disappointed that we missed it by no more than an hour but ordered them anyway.

While heading for the bathroom, I saw that there was a basketball game on at the bar. It's NBA finals so I couldn't miss it. When I saw the waiter come by I asked him if he minded us catching the end of the game at the bar instead and he agreed and moved our stuff from the table to the bar.

Sitting by the bar was actually an excellent choice because we were able to watch the kitchen as they worked on our food. We ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese, Pork Dumplings, Crispy Tofu, Crab & Shrimp Dip, and Mini Duck Tacos.

ALL OF THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT. The mac and cheese was packed with flavor and each bite of crab was fantastic. The pork dumplings came with a great sauce that added just the right amount of punch to it, but the dumplings actually held their own without sauce. The crispy tofu was only lightly breaded, and was a large portion than imagined (Would cost only $4 on happy hour), the crab & shrimp dip was to die for and came with well seasoned Pita bread. There was actually so much dip that we ran out of bread and weren't even halfway through, so we shared the bowl...delicious. Then the mini duck tacos were piled with massive amounts of feta cheese and packed with a good amount of meat. Our only complain with them is that we dusted them off pretty quickly and would've of loved to have more.

The staff managed to hang out with us, rant and rave about the basketball game, and still maintain fantastic service. It was effortless, almost like we were all just hanging out. I loved every second of it. We got the bill, it was a little under $75 for 5 tapas and 4 (bottled) Blue Moons. We would've been around $40 had we come during happy hour. (5 tapas is also A LOT of food for a couple). 

All-in-all, I think I may have found my new favorite happy hour spot. $20 a person gets you 2 bottles of Blue Moon and stuffs you full of amazing food. All with incredible customer service.
Duck Tacos FTW!!!!  This is a great chain, great location, and great kitchen.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The restaurant has remained clean even know it has been here for some years.
this is one of my favorite local restaurants! we visit this location at least twice a month and every time the staff is so friendly and the food is always great! they have a great variety of appetizers but we still have not tried them all. the woodfire pizzas are a great alternative to mainstream pizza places. the new york style pizza is great every time. even when they are busy it doesnt seem like its too crowded. they are also military friendly which is a plus! :)  i would definitely recommend this place to others!
First time at Sammy Pizza and Grill on a Double date with our friends. Best Service in Las Vegas Excellent waitress She made us feel so comfortable and are Drinks was always field If you haven't been to Sammy Pizza and Grill I highly recommend you Check it out. Number one in my book!!!!
I love me some pizza!

I have been going to Sammy's for years now and I am always pleased after each meal.  I really like this particular location.  It usually isn't super packed and I have never had to wait for a table.  The service is always really good and friendly.  

And the pizzas, oh the pizzas!  I am absolutely in love with the 5 cheese pizza.  I have an ongoing love affair with cheese, so I of course had to try this pizza the very first time I went to a Sammy's location all those years ago.  It has been about 5 years now and I am still ordering the amazingly delicious 5 funky cheese pizza.  I mean it has smoked gouda, raclette, romano, mozzarella, and gorgonzola...what isn't to like?  My second favorite is the Goat Cheese Pizza with it's lovely spinach and sauted mushrooms, it is simply a thing of beauty.   If funky pizzas aren't your thing, they also have the "normal" pizzas like pepperoni that are also delightful.  Yum.

On top of the pizzas, they also have a huge menu of salads, pastas, wraps, and steak.  I am also rather found of their tapas and appetizers like duck tacos, hummus, dumplings, satays, and lobster mac n' cheese.  Everything I have tried has been awesome.  It is so fun to be able to get a little bit of Asian, Mediterranean, Italian, and American comfort foods all in one setting.  This is the beauty of America, our great melting pot of wonderful food!  This is also why I am not a size 2, I love food wayyyyyyy to much.

And the perfect way to end a meal is Sammy's Messy Sundae.  It truly is a hot mess, but oh so good!  It will make anyone happy with the chocolate, caramel, whipped cream, and ice cream.  Oh la la!  It does come with nuts though, so if you are anti-nut, order it without the nuts.  I actually think it is better sans nuts myself.

So get on over to Sammy's and have yourself a fun culinary tour of the world.  Your tummy will thank you for it!
Well this was a nice surprise. Cute little eatery hiding in Smith's plaza. I got the Flat Iron Steak. Hon got the Oak Roasted Chicken. Daughter got the Kobe Beef Sliders. 

I was good, daughter was good. Hon broke out the salt and pepper. Not bad just not what she was expecting. Clean plates though. Def going to be back. There's a whole pizza menu waiting!!! Can't wait to get back.
Love this place!! Food and service is always topnotch. I especially love the new kale salad from the Mediterranean menu.
Very good experience! The service was great.The server made suggestions! We ended up ordering the Greek salad and the sun dried tomato artisan pizza. The pizza was awesome! Loved the pine nuts ,and my boyfriend loves thin crust pizza and it was super thin! The one thing I didn't like was the tables were too close together!  And the beer selection was seriously lacking! Other than that it was perfect!
My sister and I call Sammy's "the usual" simply bc you CAN NEVER go wrong!
Usually when she and I go we get and split the goat cheese pizza and Greek salad..... Or the vegetarian pizza (add goat cheese).
I'm so obsessed that I go on weekends to get the Greek salad or my NEW favorite the chicken chopped salad with kalamata olives & a tropical iced tea! 
It's casual w/ upscale flavor ..... I don't find their prices high.... It's just too damn good to consider. Ha. We take family here when they come to town and it's a good spot for business meetings too!
Good ol' faithful Sammy's......... I think I might just go pick up said salad tomorrow for lunch!
I had Sammy's for the first time at a meeting today. I called in the order and Jim was super friendly and helped me choose the perfect dishes for our group. The food was amazing! My fave was the vegetarian pizza. I've been wanting to try this place out, I will be going back with my family, not only because of the great food but also because of the great service.
"Healthy Global Cuisine." I like healthy food. I like food from around the globe. But I wasn't a huge fan of their global cuisine offerings. At first glance I thought this restaurant was having an identity crisis. Not quite Italian, not quite Asian, not quite greek, not quite fusion... so it just came out not quite good. 
I ordered the Oak roasted salmon filet. It was cooked perfectly which I give them credit for however it was sitting a top an "Asian edemame salad" which was swimming in a pool of ponzu sauce. The Ponzu flavor just completely overpowered the dish. They should call it Ponzu soup with some edemame. Ruined the dish for me.
My husband got the pizza, can't really go wrong there. But there are many other restaurants that can fire up a good pizza.
We were in Vegas for a wedding and had some time to kill. Stopped in to have some drinks and snacks and we just had the nicest experience!
The wine selection is very good, service is super friendly and attentive and the pizza was so good! After the bartender found out this was our first time there, he sent us a free hot fudge sundae and told us he hoped we would come back again!  I stopped in again on my last visit, because it stuck in my mind how good they were to us! Their service has gained my loyalty....great job, great food, a classy place with a laid back feel and really nice servers!
Gorgeous day to sit outside and enjoy lunch w my family. I haven't even gotten my pizza yet, but the service has been prompt and professional. The place is clean, although maybe (ma
Enjoyed a low key visit to Sammy's tonight. Started with a Ceasar salad for two and then had their pineapple pizza. The salad was ok and the pizza was ok because the crust a bit over baked. Service was fine as always. Over all a decent time. If you go to the Durango location, ask to sit in the dining room to the right as you walk in, it's much quieter there and the ambiance is nicer too. Have fun
Amazing food, tasty and creative pizzas. One of the hidden gems in las Vegas. I think the best meal since I moved here. A must stop and a new fav place!!!
Delicious food, but very expensive.  I ordered a Caesar salad with the whole breast of chicken and a beer that totaled out to 24.82 before tip.  I am guessing that the half of breast of chicken would be $3 instead of the $6 for the whole, but still $20... that place should be rated with $$$ not $$.
I have never had a bad meal here. I appreciate the variety but love my fav! Always pleasant service. You can even come with friends who need to be gluten-free and enjoy a pizza together. A good choice for group meals :-)
Fast service.  Beautiful ambiance & decor.  I often call in a balsamic grilled chicken salad to go.  It's hearty, healthy and the balsamic dressing is one of the best I've had.  The chicken is always very tender & juicy.  I would say its a bit pricy for a salad though.  It's $12.00 so it's a splurge for me.
Not stoked at all especially after the build up. Didn't get pizza. Actually turned my bolognese dish back. Overall, not happy with the entire experience.
The food is pretty good. I would recommend eating here for sure. The bad ~ the grilled chicken is always dry. Someone needs to explain to the cooks that your not supposed to slice meat the second you take it off the grill. No one EVER greets me when I walk in, even managers stare with blank faces. Aside from that, the happy hour is decent, wine selection not great, but the salads and pizzas are pretty good.
Four Words: Happy Hour and Tapas!

Everyday, from 4-6pm, Customers can enjoy half-price Tapas (appetizers) and $2 of beer and wine (by the glass).

On my first visit to Sammy's Woodfire Grill, I was confused because I didn't understand what the deal was about a woodfire grill. Ummm, let's just say I was impressed with the environment (pretty classy for the location). Wine, business attire and meetings and the occasional pizza on the table. I enjoyed my initial exposure (I had salmon and a salad) but it was over two years before I returned.

Then I discovered the half-off tapas and reduced price beer... Sold! Their tapas range from meatballs to Fries, potstickers and many others. It's easy to end up with a table full of empty tapa plates and an overstuffed belly. The environment is quiet and the service is elegant and friendly. I have yet to visit the restaurant during busy or peak hours but my experiences this far have been consistent  the same: thoroughly enjoyable!

Five stars for presentation, performance, taste and a happy hour deal you can't beat!
Service was very nice and sincere. Food was amazing as usual! I don't go there very often but ever time I do it's great!
I would rate Sammy's a 3.5 but I'll be nice and upgrade to a four star rating. I'd describe Sammy's Woodfire Grill as an upscale, modern pizza joint.  Upon walking in, I was surprised at how nice the restaurant was. The decor was pleasing to the eye and the dim lighting contributed to the overall ambience.  

The menu items were more expensive than I'd anticipated ($6 for fries). The hubs and I both ordered pizzas at $11.75 each. I was happy to learn that the pizzas were more than enough for 1 person. Neither of us finished our pizzas and we each took home two slices for leftovers. The pesto pizza I ordered was loaded with cheese and tasted great. The pizzas were oily but I didn't mind one bit. 

Service was okay. We used a coupon from the Entertainment Book for Las Vegas and scored $9 off, so for two people the bill came to around $20. I would come back to Sammy's- I hear their happy hour is pretty epic.
I had lunch here on Mothers day after discovering they had Gluten Free options from the Find Me GF App. It was slow and not busy at all (at first), which I was worried could be because of the food (it picked up mid service) They have Vegetarian, Vegan, GF options on menu which has identifying labels. I wanted pizza and was happy they offered GF crust and Vegan cheese. The waitress was very helpful in making sure I was making choices to fit my allergies. Once the order was placed the manager came over to let me know they already had some "specialty" pizzas in the oven and my food would come out before the rest of the tables as to not cross contaminate with the gluten food. I was so pleased that they were tentative to my allergies and did all they could to handle my food with care. 

The food was delicious and didn't taste any less than what a normal pizza tastes like. I had a fresh salad and had them hold the mozzarella. The dressing was balsamic so no worries in the GF department. 

The rest of the table (who has no allergies) had normal items from the menu and raved about how good they were. The 5 cheese pizza was a hit and so was the BBQ Pizza. Everyone was very pleased with the service and the quality of food. 

For my Vegan/GF/Vegetarian friends- you will be pleased with the menu options and the taste behind them all. After eating here I did not experience any reactions so it is safe. As always please let them know so they will handle your food with care. 

This is yet another choice for my "complicated" allergy that allows me to feel normal and I appreciate that.
Overall, I really enjoy Sammy's. I normally stop in for a late lunch during their happy hour (2-4pm), but anytime is a good time!

I wouldn't recommend ordering online. It seems like there is some issue with their system...call in the order instead. 

The duck tacos are so amazing! And the chopped chicken salad with kalamata olives is also a regular treat of mine.
My fianc and I have loved Sammy's and me in particular since they have great gluten free pizzas but when I decided to throw a surprise party there, they really blew me away with how helpful they were. I had to plan the party from the other side of the world  since I am deployed and their GM Julie was so incredibly helpful. They allowed me to pre order the food and pay for it as well as write a special message on a pizza for me! The let my friend drop off a cake a couple hours before the dinner and stored it for us. Everyone who came to the party said it was a wonderful experience and I know that is because of the great staff that works here!!  I cannot wait to get home and  have some Sammy's pizza!! (And the amazing quinoa salad)
Was seated and waited 15 minutes here without as much as a hello. So we left and will not be back.
Chakra 4 used to be the herb stop but the same people are there they have just expanded that's all. If you are into natural remedies this is the best spot one might ever find. When I lived in Phoenix it was always my go to if anything was going on with my body. It is nestled right behind Trader Joe's  and next to LA Fitness, in the Town & Country shopping center. Forgive me if I am wrong but I believe the guru is named Kita, she knows everything about herbs and how they can help you. I now am in Tucson which has nothing that comes close to Chakra 4 so we ordered on line, what a relief. They have a huge selection of bulk herbs, the best pre-mixed herbal teas ever, herbal capsules, tinctures, oils, extracts, incense, books, and from what i hear an all natural cafe. If you have never been a believer or are a believer a visit here will make you more of a believer, love this place!
I picked up a copy of a natural remedies book a few months ago but was dissuaded from trying any of the more complex recipes for facial cleansers, moisturizers, and home care because I had to order herbs online and I really like being able to see what I'm purchasing. Now that I live in Phoenix I am blessed to have found Chakra 4 Herb which holds a cornucopia of herbal concoctions. I went in with a list of herbs that frankly I've never heard of and they had all of them and dozens more. 

The store is tucked on the interior path of the Town & Country strip mall and even though it's small it is well organized and spacious and they have even opened up their business with a cafe! The menu seems limited but delicious, I didn't stop to eat as I was on a shopping spree through the area but I will definitely be back for a meal and an infusion! 

You can buy herbs by the ounce and they are somewhat expensive...yet less so than having to buy in bulk online and pay for shipping. I would say the range was about $2 - $4 for each ounce of herby things I got yesterday. Really friendly staff too, I am so excited to try out making my own natural beauty products!
As a vegetarian, I will tell you that this place is one of my favorites! I am in love with both their Massage Salad and their Kaleidoscope Salad..both of these have kale as a base..they also have 'heartier" fare for my non-vegan/vegetarian boyfriend such as sandwiches and wraps My boyfriend loves the Basil Pesto Focaccia. Unfortunately, the cafe is only open for lunch but I am holding out hope that they eventually extend their hours..
I love going here for lunch!  I have been there several times because it is close to work and I have to get out of the office!  I love the soups here. Just had the vegetable and the ingredients were so fresh.  The salads are also very good.  I have tried the blueberry wrap and that is one of my favorites.  I have heard from the owner that she will even be delivering to office buildings in the area.  This is the best place to go if you like everything fresh.  Perfect vegetarian spot!
The restaurant is vegetarian heaven.  My wife and I tried a couple of wraps, one with side salad and one with quinoa pilaf, and a salad with chickpeas and tomatoes with tahini dressing, and a large batch of hot herb tea, which is served in a French press.  The salad came with some amazing bread, an olive bread and a cranberry/raisin bread, which they said is from Simply Bread (I asked, it was that good).  It was all very delicious and inspires me to try to make some similar dishes at home.  The total was just under $50, but it was way too much food; next time we will probably just share one wrap ($13) and one salad (varies).  The tea is a good deal, $6 for a large or $2 for a small, and they put such a large quantity of herbs in it that I think at their prices for herbs, the cost would probably be about the same if you made it yourself.  There are many varieties to choose from, which they mix up themselves, with various therapeutic properties.

As for buying herbs, they have everything, and as others have mentioned it's probably a good place to get some herbal advice, but the herbs are quite pricey.  After the Gentle Strength Coop was kicked out of their old digs and subsequently failed, there hasn't been much choice, but you can get a few bulk herbs cheaper at Sprouts (much fewer, actually).  I wish there was a cheaper option in this area of town, with a comparable selection.

An example... my wife likes to make tea from linden leaves ( in Russian).  In her home town, these trees line the streets; they are as ubiquitous as oleanders are here.   At Chakra 4, the leaves are sold for multiple dollars per ounce.  It's hard to believe they don't grow in abundance nearby too, perhaps in another state.  Somebody is making a lot of money from something which is not a scarce resource at all.  But not enough people are into such diverse types of farming or collecting/packaging, so that's what we have to put up with.

I really like the old Town & Country mall, and I hope it continues to survive.  Chakra 4 is also a valuable resource in this neighborhood.
Tucked in the back of the Town and Country shopping center in Phoenix, is one of the best places for gluten-free foods, especially desserts, called Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House.  This unique store is a favorite among many healthy foodies and is the source for all things herbal, and the home to wonderful vegan and raw foods.  Every time customers enter the store they are greeted by the wonderful aroma of herbs and spices; and the view of a display case filled with petite delectable chocolate desserts!  

The list of menu items is quite extensive, but my favorite menu item it the Mother Earth Fudge Bar!  OMG, this chunky, chocolate bar is a chocolate-lover's dream!  This bar is so rich and yummy that you cannot eat the whole thing in the same day.  I typically divide it into thirds or fourths and eat a little bit every day.  Fabulous!!!  Apparently I am not the only one whole loves these bars because as soon as they make these, they sell out quickly!   Below are the ingredients:

Mother Earth Fudge Bar (Ingredients:  acai berries, cacao, spirulina, beet powder, coconut flakes, mineral salt, walnuts, cranberries, goji berries, almond butter, cacao nibs, and agave nectar syrup).  

Though majority of the menu items are gluten-free, please note that this restaurant is not a 100% gluten-free environment, so be sure to tell the waiter if you have gluten or other intolerance/allergies.
Finally got to go here for lunch today.  It was so delicious.  The food tastes very fresh and super healthy.  They have whole and half wraps....very glad I went with the half wrap because it is humongous!  Also came with a side of quinoa pilaf which was tasty,   I treated myself to one of their chocolate truffles afterwards.  They have a selection of hand crafted chocolates for each chakra.  I had the 6th chakra truffle which was infused with blueberry and lavendar.  

The staff is super friendly and helpful.  Looking forward to visiting again when it's a less busy time to browse the store and get a tea leaf reading.
We actually plotted this lunch place as a destination as an excuse to ride our shitty crusiers and 1-speeds from Tempe to Phoenix on a lovely day.

My friend is a hardcore vegan, I am a lactose intolerant vegetarian so most lunch places are a straight-up bust for us. But after wandering through Washington St and the awesomely bike friendly Campbell for almost 2 hours, we were thankful for this place being open.

I had never been to this plaza before, a very cool old school strip mall courtyard with unique tiled storefronts, interesting lunch places, well maintained desert landscaping with lots of seating around cobblestone and places easily to lock up our bikes. Entering the herb shop, the sight of sage brushes and herbs may be vaguely Gremlins like, but don't let its pure hippie-ness dissuade you! To the left is a display case of all kinds of small ornate chocolates (how exactly does coconut curry work as a vegan truffle?) with very 8th dimension names of the Chakras. Here is where you may start to panic. BUT-still don't! This place is busy! Mostly hippie moms who want their organic tea w/organic local agave sweeteners and feeding their croc-ed footed little girls in hemp sweaters blueberry salad wraps, power lunches b/w women with asymetrical haircuts and Ellen Fisher cardigans and the random hot guy who probably does a lot of yoga and watches feminist porn. BUT-enough of the crowd!

Settling into outside while lots of adorable United Colors of Bennetton children ran around in ironic t-shirts (Lock your Girls up!) and playing with wooden toys, I think the waitress simply didnt see us. So we went in, got our menus a little grouchily (dude, if you have been riding your bike a long while, you get ravenous) and our waitress answered all our questions about the pumpkin soup, if the green tea was available decaf, if the bread had egg in it, etc. The food came much quicker than I thought it would. My soup (which I thought she gave me a bowl instead of a cup, that is how large the serving was!) was the Pumpkin special, dairy and meat free and absolutely perfect texture. It went well with their homemade walnut and cranberry bread as an accompaniment.  My friend got the Cowgirl wrap, half size which really is large! Trust me, it is the size of a regular wrap and came with spicy lentils and fresh greens and so many kinds of good stuff and she got the side of Quinoa which is truly savory and warm and good stuff as another reviewer stated. I had to help her with her wrap and I couldn't finish my cup of soup. So while her wrap was $11 and my soup was $6, we still had food left over and had to force feed each other lunch. Our special Mango Green tea, the iced tea special of the day, was refilled at no extra charge and refilled pretty often. She even indulged in a sunflower nut butter filled dark chocolate cup (like Reeses but hippied the fuck OUT) for $2.50, which seemed kinda steep but she loved it, so, there you have that. All the salads looked fantastic, but this is very strictly lunch affair of salads, soups, sammies, and wraps so keep that in mind when you come here.

We were able to bring our bill over to the spice store since my friend needed to get herbs (and organic cat nip) and add it to the bill so she didnt have to keep pulling out her debit card. The ladies working the counter had unfortunate tie-dyed shirts on but were very friendly without being Stepford about it.

As a lunch stop while you are at work, unless you get speedier recognition than we did, I wouldn't recommend it. This is a leisurely lunch spot (or take home). There were at least 8 kids running around in the court yard screaming, so that was a little jarring. While we talked, I realized our neighbors could acutely hear everything we were saying which made me slightly more self conscious.

A little more proactive-ness would get this place another star and some nice outside seating for the restaurant.
This review is on the store side, not the restaurant side, of chakra four. 

I love coming here for their loose leaf teas because they have so many, probably over 100 and you can smell all the jars and open them all up to your hearts content. Every one of them which I have smelled and then purchsed, tasted exactly as it smelled when I got home and brewed it. They are not cheap, but what you get is a high quality product and the people who work here are very nice. 

They also offer many medicinal herbs and suppliments with creative and sometimes humorus names.
Very nice little shop.  I love the teas and the truffles.  I haven't had the time for lunch, but after glancing at the menu I might just have to make time.  Everything sounded SO good.  

Very friendly and helpful staff.  I love looking around on my lunch break.  It's great to get out of the office and walk around.  And when I do, I always find myself there!
i have only tried one thing on the menu - the black bean sunflower wrap - it is awesome!

i am not vegetarian/vegan & i tend to grab-n-go so i have never been in the cafe for the full dining experience.  but in my opinion, the wrap is good enough to negate all other things.. they could honestly sell it to me from the back of a pickup truck in an abandoned parking lot and i would still come back time & time again.

tip - the half wrap is $11 & the full wrap (which is really 2 half wraps) is $15.. to get the best bang-for-yer-buck always get the full and save the rest for later or share with a friend :)
This was my second outing to Chakra 4 Herb and Tea House. I just love this place. I got there 30 mins before lunch. So I decided to get some tea and people watch. Well it is a good thing I got there 30 mins prior because it took me just about that long to figure out what I wanted. The menu is small but the choices all sound heavenly. Choices, choices, choices. I got the black bean sunflower wrap and it was great. Not to mention huge and that was the 1/2. I got the quinoa pilaf as my side dish. I love quinoa. It was the best I ever had. Very simple with mint, dill, pumpkins seeds a little lemon and oil. I could eat this all day. A must have if you like quinoa.

I also had the chance to sample the soups of the day. The lemon potato soup was nice and creamy and with a zest of lemon. 

This is of course a tea house. I love tea. The varieties there are just awesome. You will not be disappointed if you are a tea lover. But don't get offended if they offer you sweetener. No sweetener for me. I just want to enjoy the flavor of the tea, which btw was An Elephant Never Forgets. According to the description this tea was for mental clarity and focus etc. However, I was so sleepy after lunch I could barely keep my eyes open on the trek back to the east side.

The service is great. Very attentive and knowledgeable.

I would give it 5 stars if it was not so small. But other than that it is all good.
I haven't eaten at a Vegan eatery, but being hungry and wanting to eat something good for me and a friend picking and driving got me to Chakra 4! I was very impressed, we started with tea, a Black Tea flavoured with Summerfruit. Perfect! I had the Bread Plate and my friend the White Bean and Saffron Soup, my plate came with Basil Pesto/Sundried Tomatoe CreamChees/Sunflower Butter, I loved the Pesto and Sunflower butter, the bread was very very good too!!!

I did try the soup, it was delish! I had the Golden Hummus 1/2 wrap, a substantial and tasty beast I must say, and my friend had the Rawsome Avocado wrap, and wow, that was amazing!

I am pretty cheap right now and I will say that I got my money's worth for sure, the food was great. The atmosphere is really delightful and welcoming. I would go again and indeed probably will!
Had lunch here yesterday after hiking Camelback. My friend and I wanted something tongue-tickling and refreshing and grounding. So after a drive-by True Foods I remembered that I'd wanted to Chakra 4. Friend, "Oh cool, me too!" So we headed on over. After considering nearly every wrap we finally decided on a full-sized blueberry wrap. It and the accompanying side salad were the perfect size for the two of us. So we ate every morsel and sipped green tea outside under an umbrella. Service was quick and friendly.

And I popped into the herb shop to search for a desert plant that'd moved me to "feelings of high joy" on my hike earlier! Well instead of urging me to just buy something, the knowledgeable shopkeeper advised me to pick the plant/flower that so called to me, from the desert myself. Finally we determine that it was creasote. I love herb shops and this is a sweet one.
(For those not aware, a chakra is one of the seven centers of spiritual energy in the human body according to yoga philosophy. The fourth chakra is the heart chakra.)

Tucked away in the Town & Country Shopping Center is Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House, a unique establishment that provides herbs, teas, advice, a specialized diet menu (vegetarian, vegan and raw) as well as scheduled events.

The Store:
I first found Chakra 4 when searching for teas and herbs on the Internet to accompany my raw food diet. Upon my entrance I was greeted happily by the proprietor and offered immediate assistance. Upon request, advice was given (for they had three versions of the tea I was looking for) further suggestions regarding preparation, and quick checkout. This has been the standard for service whenever I visit the Store

There are _walls_ of herbs and normally two to four staff to assist the many customers. Check out their website to see the depth of their product selection and knowledge.

The Cafe':
I have eaten here a few times over the weekend (weekdays they close at 7). The food is excellent, tasty and oh, so good for you. As I said, I have been on a raw food diet and have found plenty to be had on their menu. They also have a separate menu for teas and infusions to address any number of health issues or moods.

The only problem I have with Chakra 4 is the cafe's service. Unlike the store, the cafe' is not as attentive. I have witnessed people confused about the outside seating because when they sit down, no server approaches them. I have also had to come to the counter a couple times to ask for my bill.

You should also check regularly for their hours, as sometimes they close the store for events such as a solstice celebration or cooking classes.
Chef Justin Berry is a genius. His wraps are the best. I absolutely love The Cowgirl and the Black Bean Sunflower. My husband's fav is the Nutty Rawvocado and he also enjoys the Blueberry Fields Forever. The half-size wrap is plenty big. I wouldn't get the whole unless sharing. The soup of the day is always very creative and interesting.
Cafe Review

I can see why raw foodists adore this place. It has a lot to offer. 
If you are huge into vegetables, raw foods, fresh tea this is a fantastic place for you. Its about a fresh as fresh can get, and tastes green.
Its good, portions are large, you can split a wrap easily. 

If you're looking for cooked dishes this really isn't your place, they don't really seem to have much to offer on that. However their soup was good.
Great vegan and vegetarian food!!!  The tea selection is also of course awesome.  The black bean hummus wrap was excellent and the salads are very tasty. Everything is organic and fresh. After the meal I had a very satisfying feeling knowing I ate healthy and it tasted great! We will definitely come back for more.
This place is phenomenal. Even if you're not a vegetarian, the food is fantastic. Today, I had watermelon gazpacho and the cowgirl wrap, both were amazing. I ordered the allergy fighting tea off the menu, which had TONS of different teas, for all different kinds of things. The service was excellent, and afterward, I was able to buy some tea in bulk and it was very reasonably priced. I definitely recommend visiting this place. If I lived in Phoenix, I would totally make this a regular stop.
It's been a while since I ate at this cafe, but the experience was so good that it stays with me. My friend and I were traveling through Arizona on tour and met some girls at a bar one night, I asked them where one should go for great vegan breakfast the next morning and this was the suggestion. I remember the decor seeming like an intelligent use of low-budget furniture and decorations (read: IKEA), the bathroom had a toilet featuring full flush and half flush buttons, and there was a crisp use of contrasting colors and mosaic stones to add to the modern hip feel. I felt like there was some actual caring behind the design of both the cafe as well as their menu. The staff members were all super friendly and the waitress we had was excellent at suggesting the perfect tea. The food was scrumptious, and if I had more money I would have still spent it all there. So worth it!
The food? Absolutely amazing.

And that's where it ends.

As a vegetarian, I am always looking for new places to eat. I work near Chakra and a co-worker and I decided to head over there on our (hour) lunch break. We walked in and saw a sign that said "please wait to be greeted!" so... we did. For almost ten minutes. A few employees glanced at us and didn't say anything. Finally, an employee told us we could "sit anywhere we wanted" - why did we need to wait to be greeted, then? Oh well. 

The food isn't cheap. A tea and the Nutty Raw-vacado ran me nearly 20 bucks with tip. Our server was all right, but it took ten minutes just to get her over to get our drink orders. Another 25-30 minutes passed (we were looking at around 1:45 and we had to be back to work by 2PM) and our food was finally out.

And it was REALLY good. The plate was overflowing with greens and my sandwich was delicious. We stuffed our faces pretty quickly - I didn't get to enjoy my food half as much as I would've liked! My co-worker mentioned that last time he had eaten at Chakra, he had ended up having a nearly 2-hour lunch because of the slow service. 

I hate to say it, but, for almost all raw food, what the heck is taking so long in the kitchen?

As delicious as the food was, I have to say - I probably won't be back to Chakra.
Chakra easily gets 4 starts in my book because if I try to access the website at work it is blocked - "The Websense category "Supplements and Unregulated Compounds" is filtered." You know it's got to be good stuff if it's filtered at work, all the best stuff is filtered at work.

Onto the cafe...

I should really visit Chakra more often. It's actually healthy Vegan food, usually when I head out we are going for more of the junk Vegan food variety but for 2011 maybe I will make some changes.....maybe not. 

The food is great, I had soup and the their version of a quesadilla. Everything had great flavor and wasn't heavy on anything besides the good healthy stuff. Place is very chill and waitstaff was great.

My only complaint being that when I entered I was not sure if I was supposed to seat myself or wait to be seated. I stood there for a few minutes like some protein deficient vegan moron and subsequently got ignored a few times till I finally just asked and was seated. Also, everything appears to be healthy here and they make it a point to tell you on the menu, yet they also make it a point to exclude ALL soy products but they have dairy products??! What?! Ok, not all soy products are created equal and there isn't much concrete evidence surrounding this great soy debate anyway. You won't lose me as a customer but I wouldn't mind if there was some organic tofu or tempeh on the menu either. Just know I am laughing inside that you are including dairy products but excluding soy and I will drop it. In total I guess that is two complaints.

Don't let my minor annoyances discourage you (most of my annoyances are relateable by .5% of the population), this place is solid with solid healthy food. I would not give it 4 stars if it wasn't. Go eat and enjoy.
I have eaten here several times and always enjoy the food.  The food is always very fresh and with a great deal of flavor.  My favorite wrap is the black bean sunflower--the half wrap is very filling and a symphony of tastes.  I love being able to get a pot of tea to make ice tea with as well.  on my recent visit--I had a nori roll with a great peanut dipping sauce--it was again a wonderful blend of tastes.  if you are in the mood for vegetarian done right--try Chakra.
I have wanted to eat at this place for a while. I am vegan and my boyfriend insists on eating at the Cajun restaurant Baby Kay's just a few doors down which only has a house salad to offer me. After checking with both restaurants, Baby Kay's was nice enough to allow me to order from Chakra 4 while dining on their patio. I ordered the Rawvacado with quinoa side salad and a tiny caramel filled , heart-shaped chocolate. I really, really wanted to love my food experience, but it just tasted too earthy (gasp!) to me. Everything tasted a bit too healthy. Perhaps if I had chosen to eat here after a good run or intense yoga class I would have been happier. I will return again Chakra 4 and I'm sure you will woo me with something more delectible.
love this place. i go here after a workout for a healthy dose of nutritional good eats. the wraps, soups and elixirs are fresh and the stuff dreams are made of.
The food here is tas-teee, and all vegetarian to boot!  I would come here more often but it's pretty pricey.  I've also always hungered for those delicious-looking vegan chocolates in the display case, but I've never been able to bring myself to spend the money.  Maybe on a special occasion I'll suprise my boyfriend with some.

I'm not crazy about the atmosphere; It's a little too frou-frou for me.  I'm a vegetarian, but I don't buy into the whole new age thing, so their decorations and ads for tea leaf readings, ear candling, and all that pagan stuff strike me as a little hokey.  That's no problem though...I'll get my food to go.
AMAZING! Food is outstanding. I can't believe i haven't come here sooner. I guess i had the impression that a "tea house" wouldn't sell much more than tea, but boy was i wrong. The menu is huge here, and i was very impressed with all the vegan offerings. Food was incredible.  I will be back!
Chakra 4 is most likely the best place in town for tea, tea infusions and herbal desires.  While I've never eaten at the cafe, the treats and plates always look yum.  The dried herbal goods are very reasonably priced.  The extracts are a little on the pricey side, but being the best place to find obscure things, it makes sense.  The actual tea (camellia sinensis - not herbal infusions) leaves (pun not intended!) a bit to be desired.  I can respect that there is actually a decent selection of teas in store, but the broadness of them leaves a picky tea aficionado like myself less than impressed (that's why I give Chakra 4 four stars instead of five).  Green tea goes much deeper than "Green Tea", as does Darjeeling, white, oolong, black.

If you are in need of something in town, this is the place to go (for instance, I needed some herbs for a tea remedy today - I could not wait).  If you want to talk to a knowledgeable, friendly person, this is the place for you.  If you are looking for strange and highest quality estate teas, you won't find a place in Phoenix...move somewhere else.
I really liked this place! I had an iced chai drink and the sweet potato chowder with a black-bean sunflower wrap. Everything tasted like love was put into it. I hope that love is organic. :)
Although I am impressed with the herb store that is part of this establishment, the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.

Let's start with the tables & chairs:  very tiny (like for children's tea parties) and rickety (although it adds to a sense of excitement and paranoia -- to compliment the sense of inferiority they attempt to engender with their "we will wait on you when we feel like it because we are more elightened about veganism than you" treatment).  

A few of the items that interested my husband on the menu happened to be unavailable and apparently this is not ucommon at Chakra 4 according to some other reviews here.

I ordered the watermelon gespacho (sp?), which was very good.

Their bread / toast is another matter.  It was very hard (think thin patio paver).  Although it was drenched in olive oil, I broke the corner of my lower left tooth completely off (I think I must have swallowed it) when biting into it.  Since I didn't realize it until about an hour after leaving the restaurant,  they would not refund the meal or offer to pay my resulting dental bill.  They have a very limited and uncooperative refund policy when it comes to having issues with their food.  I think the only way they would have refunded the meal was if I were accompanied by a camera team who filmed the entire meal and the broken tooth incident, as well as a forensic team who could analyze the contents of my stomach/bowels for the tooth chip, and a cement engineer to test the hardness of their bread/toast versus that of my tooth, which doesn't seem cost effective...  At least I got my calcium when I swallowed my own tooth chip -- I literally got "my calcium"!

If you have any old, stale bread that you are considering throwing out, or that has sat in the sun for a few days after accidentally being left on your back patio table following a meal outside, by all means send it to Chakra 4 so they can then TOAST it, then drizzle a little EVOO on it and serve it to their customers -- RECYCLE PEOPLE!  But don't expect any sympathy or cooperation if you leave their restaurant with your smile looking like Wil-E-Coyote's after he accidentally missed the Roadrunner and instead bit down on an Acme metal plate.
I recently read somewhere that Red Raspberry leaf tea is beneficial during pregnancy, and that it specifically helps to strengthen the pelvic and uterine muscles so that once labor does start the muscles will be more efficient.  Hmm... considering I'm past my due date, I figured it couldn't hurt to get some of this stuff!

I'd dined at Chakra 4 Vegetarian Restaurant once before and had a lovely experience... it's not my typical meal as everything there is vegetarian or vegan, but it's healthy and almost like a unique escape from my usual rotation of restaurants.  So, when I decided to search for Red Raspberry leaf tea, this place came to mind, and they delivered!

Jared joined me for lunch here, and I was pleasantly surprised that he really liked it... Maggie was our server and couldn't have been sweeter.  Jared started with an iced chai tea and ordered a wrap / soup combo for his meal.  I went with the Red Raspberry leaf tea and had "Chef Justin's Special Raw Living Raw Living Garden Burger" for my meal.  (See pic of menu description).  

The food here is pricey but I guarantee you will feel super healthy no matter what you order!  We opted out of dessert both visits, but there were plenty of delicious looking options to choose from, so save room if you'd like to end your meal with something sweet.

I took some of the Red Raspberry leaf tea home with me and have been drinking a ton of it in hopes that I will have an easy labor/delivery real soon.  The tea was very moderately priced when taken to-go by the way, which was a pleasant surprise.  

Regardless of what happens in the next few days, I do recommend Chakra 4 Vegetarian Restaurant and their tea room, and I will be back!
My parents took me to Chakra 4 for my birthday and it was fabulous!  First of all the Town & Country shopping center where it's located is absolutely charming in itself!  The restaurant is small and cozy and has a lot of character.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  We had a large press of the "joyful" (i think) tea which we also got 50% a discount on because of my yelp "check in".  I also ordered their special water carafe which had muddled oranges, mint and some flower I can't remember.  Super yummy!

My parents are both currently eating raw so my mom got the "noritos" which were amazing!  So fresh and yummy!  My dad got the "tacos carnivale" which were also incredible!  I ordered the "veggie-dilla" which was very good too, but after tasting both of my parents dishes I really wish I would have ordered one of those.  I definitely will next time.  For dessert we split a piece of the "raw chocolate cherry cheesecake" which was incredibly rich and satisfying.

I highly recommend this place and can't wait to get back there myself to try one of those raw dishes!
Chakra has a very cute little cafe which I really enjoyed my first time there.  The day before, I had a steak for dinner..shhhh..however, really wanted a veggie filled meal for lunch.  I ordered the Pesto Basil Focaccia (tomatos, olives, peppers, feta) with a mixed green salad with a zesty lemon dressing. I loved it.  Lots of flavor and the bread itself was moist and light with a crispy bottom.  Cost was somewhat high I thought ($15) when ordering, yet it was really good and what I wanted so I was ok with the price . It did take awhile for it to come out, however, I wasn't in a hurry though.  The tea of the day was a strawberry green tea.  Very good, light on the strawberry so it didn't taste like a juice.  I did purchase some Vanilla rooibos tea and a cherry black tea.  Only complaint and being a Tea Snob with over 3 years working in the Tea industry and 80 hours of training, the teas should be in air tight light tight containers; keeping the air out keeps the teas fresh (green teas will go badly quickly!)  Chakra staff was very helpful and friendly.  I will go back to purchase herbs and teas in the future.
This little tea house and herb shop is a healing oasis of healthful, hippie goodness. 

Lots of teas, tonics and elixirs to choose from. Food is vegetarian, mostly raw, vegan and organic. Super pure and fresh, great flavors. They will work around your dietary restrictions. Wonderful scents from the tea and herb shop. Yummy chocolates. 

Yes, the service is slow, this is *not* fast food, take-out or Starbucks! It is a place to slow down, relax and enjoy your meal or tea. Whenever I come here, I leave totally refreshed and revitalized. 

Open only for tea time, not for dinner.
I must begin this review by stating how sad I am that I waited so long to discover this place. Really. OK, I'll be honest- it does have a little bit of a hippie-ish feel to it, but I am partially a team of that squad anyway so I really do not mind. It just makes me feel healthy to be around it.

We were seated right away, no air headed employees made us wait. I quickly decided on the Kaliedescope salad and my mom had a wrap with a side of the quinoa pilaf. My salad, at a whopping $15, was not nearly what I expected given I was trying to use it AS the meal : / Honestly, kind of a rip for that much but, it was a damn good salad. A little bit to salty but the mix of different ingredients was amazing. My mom's wrap was indeed quite large, but the quinoa pilaf that accompanied it was *amazing*!!! So, so flavorful.

We did not order dessert, mainly because their dessert portions are TINY and, well, I make raw vegan desserts at home myself. No need to buy them. Overall though, I will certainly return!!
The fact that there's a hippy-dippy herb and tea house that seems like it's straight out of Sedona, smack dab in a shopping center in Phoenix, never fails to surprise and impress me.

Chakra 4 offers a totally unique experience. It's not strictly vegan, but everything can be made vegan. Unlike every other vegan restaurant in the area, it's not about comfort food or proving that vegan food tastes like "normal food". They don't do fake meat and sauces, but instead, focus on vegetables, legumes, nuts spreads, and herbs. 

If you're unaccustomed to raw food, the menu may seem pretty foreign to you, but still allows for exploration of more nutritious food without any flavors that are too out of the ordinary (unless you only eat fast food). For health aficionados, though, an eatery that leaves you feeling better than when you walked in is gratefully received and appreciated. 

My currents favorites include The Hercules, a black bean burrito with sweet potatoes, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, guacamole, and vegan or jack cheese, and the Mediterranean Wrapsody, a sun dried tomato wrap filled with greens, tomato, olives, walnuts, feta, red onion, and raw sun-dried tomato cashew spread. Definitely the more health-nut tasting of the two, this hearty wrap leaves me fully beyond full, but never sick.

If you start feeling like you might not have room for dessert, buck up. The chocolates are amazing. All the truffles are naturally sweetened, dark and rich. If you're feeling adventurous, try a raw dessert. Warning: the raw desserts are so filling that they can actually serve as a meal. If you want to try a few things, either go with a group, or prepare to take a lot home.

While Chakra 4 may not be suited for everyone's tastes, it's definitely a must-try at least once.
Yeah, it's a great concept, as there are more and more people becoming vegan. They also have an extensive selection of herbs and such. The place is clean.

But the 3 most important things to me in a restaurant are: the quality of the food, the value for the price, and the service. Chakra failed on all 3 counts.

The service: awful. I waited and waited at the counter, and I was ignored, even by the woman at the register who's evidently doing some kind of accounting. Fine, I can understand the need for business processes, but she could at least have LOOKED UP and smiled and told me she'd be with me in a moment. I had to be standing there for over 5 minutes, more like 10 - and ignoring me for that long was beyond rude. Or one of the staff could have checked on me. Nope. I actually felt like I was bothering them for being there.

The food: also awful. Granted, I only went there once (but once was enough for me). I  forget exactly which one I ordered, it was some sort of wrap or burrito. It sounded really good on the menu - a delicious mix chock-full of greens and various crunchy veggies. Well, I got to my car and took a few bites and gave up. It was almost entirely some sort of greens with very paltry portions of other vegetables (a couple of string-like shreds of celery) - I actually opened it up in my car to look for them. What made it even worse was that the greens were wet, and the whole thing was water-logged and the tortilla got soaked through. And there was absolutely ZERO seasoning! Appalling. Disgusting and unacceptable. I threw it out.

The value: I cannot believe I paid $13 for this piece of garbage. Not only that, it was supposed to come with a side of salsa, and wouldn't you know it, it did not. It's rare for me to get so angry about an establishment, and I would have returned it had I not been on the go & headed to an appointment.
I tend to become stressed when I visit family for the holidays. Not only because of the tight enclosed homes that as the days get shorter and chillier, more people with similar DNA pile in and everyone gets claustrophobic from hearing the same stories they've heard since they were young...for the fourth time that day. Visiting folks in Phoenix, I got nervous about what I would be able to eat, what would be safe for me to eat, to be totally honest. It was like a gastro-zombie apocalypse, and my stomach was grumbling. 
And then I remembered Chakra 4 Tea House. 
For the time when I briefly in PHX, I would come here for their wonderful herbs (unaware of anywhere other than a garden to acquire what I was searching for) and teas. They have a beautiful and vast selection of dried plants, spices and teas. Nom nom nom. What great medicine!
This time, I went for their food medicine. 

Service is wonderful-they let my friend and I chat without being intrusive with their service, didn't try to kiss our butts, and were generally very friendly and chill. This place also does the all organic thing/no GMOs and supports local farms, so I felt safe eating what I wanted to eat here...I am not a raw vegan or even a vegetarian-I just like to eat healthily and responsibly. 

I got their nutty ravocado...which was pretty darn tasty. It made my taste buds, body and brain feel really happy, though I wanted more!! My friend got the Hercules-this vegany burrito-I had a divine bite. So did the dog. Everyone had a happy tummy. The Johnny Apple Wrap sounds like a party-I think I may have to replicate one in my kitchen! I also got some tea, a couple raw macaroons, and a booster/shooter/something.

This place is a gem tucked away in a strip mall in the city where strip malls go to die. My distaste for PHX aside, Chakra 4 made my trip heaps better, and tastier. I am so glad they are still goin' strong!
I've gone here twice with family.     The food looks and tastes very good.    Very fresh, very vegan menu.    Staff were good.      The only 2 things I didn't like were 1.  it took awhile to get the order.  I understand though that everything is made fresh and hence the wait.   2.  kinda overpriced.  not a cheap lunch.     with that being said it was still very good.   staff very knowledgeable.   

So  it'll be a long somewhat expensive lunch but worth it......
Good Place to eat
This place is great,  but there a few things that keep it from being 5 stars.

First off, the hours, they close at 3 on some days at at 7 on others, this makes it hard to even get here for me as I do not work near by.

Secondly the prices. $15 for a salad and $18 for a large wrap is pretty steep considering I don't get table cloths.

Those two issues aside I like it, Great smells from the herbs, many healthy items in salad wrap or entree form and a extensive herbal tea selection.

We had a cow girl wrap large ($18) yes it was large, it was a bit burrito like with the beans, spicy mayo and avacado.I t was good, the quinoa salad on the side was nothing too special. You decide if that is a good value or not.

We also had a quinoa salad, topped with many fresh veggies. ($15) this was good too (not great). 

Service was sporadic as all of my refills on my iced tea came at the end of the meal

I would go back but not too often as the prices are roughly double what I think they should be.
I have found my new favorite veg friendly restaurant!  First off, everything is organic and as local as possible.  They don't have any mock meats, just pure food.  They have salads, wraps, soup, desserts, starters, and entrees.  Everything is vegetarian but can be made vegan, and a good portion of their items are raw.  They have a wide variety of loose leaf teas (can be ordered in a small or large press), they have healthy shooters (I love the Alkalize Now), elixers, house-made almond milk (tastes divine with the Vanilla Rooibos tea!!), iced tea and more.  As for the food, whoa mama! It's a culinary slam dunk in my opinion.  I have had several dishes here, including: The Rawvacado Wrap with the nut cheese substitute, the Nori Rolls (I drool), The Kaleidescope Salad (seeds, nuts, fresh herbs, kale, carrots, celery, lemon vinaigrette, side of bread), and let's not forget the amazingly vegan/raw desserts.  My favorite is the vanilla bean cheesecake! So good we had to order more!  This place is a tad pricey for some, but for the quality of food you're getting, think of it as a tiny investment towards good health.  The vibe is super chill and laid back and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  When the bill is presented, they even give you a small bowl of fennel seeds to "help cleanse your palte and aid in digestion"!  Will definitely continue coming here for great, healthy food!
This is really as good as it gets for a vegetarian. (Well I have been to better, but Phoenix is not Manhattan.)

I wish I could have ordered about 5 menu items. Many good choices.
Love the food... Love it. When you can walk-in to a restaurant and feel cleaner walking out, they've done a good job. I had the carrot-coconut soup, golden hummus, and I had pesto foccacia with nut cheese, and a gorgeous salad with yellow bell peppers, mint, tomatoes, carrots, cucumbers, and spring mix. This was fresh and wonderful.

The raw vegan shooters were tasty! Try them. I forgot which one my fianc got, but I stole a sip and it was lovely. They sub in nut cheese for any dairy cheese, and serve teas and a lot of raw foods. My fianc got the raw zucchini alfredo that was amazing (you know I stole some!!).

Then we went to the market that it's adjoined with... For items you can buy at Whole Foods and Sprouts, they GOUGE. 2 ounces of goji berries for $14!? I can get them at a health food store for $20 for a POUND, 8 times that!

Go there for the food, specialty teas, and maybe some tinctures. But don't get your normal stuff there.
Message salad of Kale
Glad Kitchen only open thurs - sat or i would be there every night
Great selection of teas, but didn't seem all that knowledgable or helpful in selecting them.  I expected a little more from a place not competing on price or convenience.  The experience was pretty standard hippie meh.

I expect specialty stores to command subject expertise.  I thought it was a bit lacking.  I might go back but not in the near future.
I enjoy eating here. I look forward to it every time. I love the teas, the desserts, the soups... 
Not great for a quickie meal but delicious food and healthful...
I'm not a vegetarian.  In fact, vegetables and I have only recently made friends.  In the effort to spur on my fondness, my friend Meschelle introduced me to Chakra 4.  

Walking into the place, I was instantly struck with what I can only describe as a cacophony of wonderful smells.  I know I'm mixing sense-descriptives, but just go with it.  We sat down, and a server (though I suspect she was much more than a server!) greeted us warmly.  We started with Noritos, which are chips which are not chips.  They are made with seaweed and cashew then dried and they are really, really good.  The pico di gallo with it is super tasty and the guacamole rocked my taste buds.

I tried a salad, which was amazing, though the name of the salad now escapes me.  It's also full of natural stuff I'm not used to eating and also can't spell.  Next time I visit, which will me next week, I'll try the Moroccan stew.  I am looking forward to it!

On a side note, they also sell a variety of tea and herbs and spices, but also crystals and vials for homemade tinctures and potions. Walking around, it felt a little like I'd just eaten lunch in a Wizard's study, except way more well-lit.  It's my new favorite place to get my healthy on.
If you are a vegetarian or vegan - you must try this place.  I am neither - but loved this place.  

The "noritos" were awesome - wonderful colors and flavors.  i will never eat nachos again!  The roasted cauliflower soup was also delicious along with the Black Bean wrap.  Of course, we had to end the meal with some homemade dark chocolate with hemp seeds on it.  Very tasty!

If you are looking for clean, healthy food - this is the place.

Service was good and they have improved on the length of time it takes to get in and out of there.  i can now fit this in as a lunch spot.
Another one visit review....  Well I'm not sure when I will get back and I really liked this place so I will give them a shout out.

If you close your eyes and picture a Vegetarian Restaurant it's pretty much exactly like that.  The best way to describe it is very "Granola" with bright purple.  Since they sell tea the whole restaurant smells very much like a Chai Tea.  Which is very inviting and pretty nice.  The waitress I had was very nice and even though she was running around to all the tables was very efficient. 

My lunch consisted of Water Melon gazpacho which when I was informed it was the special for the day I figured it would be really bad or really good. Luckily it was very good. Pretty much the perfect food for a 108 degree arizona day.  The Rawvacado wrap I had with it was very tasty and super fresh.  I highly recommend them both.  I also had a very cool Iced Chai Java tea.  I had never heard of it, but it is the wild cousin of and Iced Chai Tea with coffee thrown in.  I had one there and one to go it was that good.

When I am back on this side of town I will definitely stop back by.

Try:
- Rawvacado Wrap
- Iced Chai Java Tea
- Watermelon gazpacho
Had the zuccini linguini. Great! Heathy, made me full fast. They have raw and vegan options. The chi tea was a coffee flavored caffine free tea. Also very good. Will come back.
Good variety. Some "weird" dishes, such as the zucchini alfredo, which is served cold. Yes they mentioned it was cold, so I wasn't surprised, but it was still an odd dish that isn't for everyone. I understand many people want raw foods, but give the option to have something raw or warmed/cooked. Good service, great variety of teas, and cute retail shop with tons of herbs/spices.
Chakra is a great option for people looking for genuinely healthy food. They local and organic produce and have many raw options. When you first get there, don't let the new-agey vibe turn you off. Relax and enjoy it, it's an experience.

I love that they work with you if you are gluten-intolerant and they even offer nut cheeses for the vegans! 

I've tried the rawvacado dip, noritos, their daily special mushroom soup and a few of their wraps. Their specials can be a little pricey: ordered their gluten-free mushroom pizza and it was $18 -- so watch out for pricier monthly specials. You'll see that their items range from $8-16 -- which is very reasonable considering they use all local, organic and seasonal produce. 

It's a guilt-free treat to eat at Chakra 4, and everyone that works here is very helpful and will be glad to work with you to make your dining experience worthwhile.
The Moroccan Nomad stew over quinoa is my favorite dish with the smoked red lentil soup a close second. I have brought carnivores here who gave this place the thumbs up and are happy to come back again. I love the vegan options, that I don't have to watch people chew on dead animals while I'm trying to eat and that they use organic ingredients whenever possible. The atmosphere is comforting and all the dishes I have tried are flavorful and satisfying. I eat here whenever I am in this part of town.
Aaaaaaaaaah. Take a deep breath and absorb the calm ambiance of Chakra. It is a small but truly pleasant place. It smells delightfully fresh and it is decorated in a thoughtful, New-Agey sort of way. The dishes are pricey for the portions served; the only reason it gets 4 stars from me instead of five is the price point. But, I admit that they are worth every bite. Healthy, nicely presented, and unabashedly delicious.  It's almost like a food spa, if that makes any sense. You go in hungry, you come out blissfully satisfied. It's a raw vegan Shambhala!
Love place! The food was great (both my dish and what my friend got) and very healthy. This restaurant is particularly great for anyone who is vegetarian, vegan, gluten free or all of the above. The teas and deserts are great, too... which is a real treat for those of us who are GFCF. The restaurant was a little hard to find- it's nestled in the back of the plaza somewhat off the beaten path, but it's worth finding. If you're into the natural health/ herb scene there is plenty to purchase- they have a wide variety of teas and herbs in their store... but off hand they looked a little on the pricey-er side. Overall a wonderful experience- I will definitely be back!!
Imagine you are hungry, really hungry. 
Then imagine you are not really someone that eats meat.
Then imagine there is a vegetarian restaurant right by your house that is reviewed well. 

Then fast forward to the point were you visit the restaurant and imagine the waitress to be acting preoccupied and treating you like you are inconveniencing her yogi swag.

Then imagine that the food was only OK at best. Then imagine that there were 8 employees there and you had to wait a considerable time for refills and extras.

Well you just imagined my experience at Chakra. Attitude goes a long way with me... And their vegetarian elitist attitude is hardly inviting or hospitable. There was an older lady there that was very kind, however the other employees were just abrasive. Won't be back.
I love vegetarian and vegan food.  I do not love this place.  Maybe it is the pretentious wait staff that are too preoccupied talking to one another about the latest herbal teas.  Maybe it is the food...it's not *that* good.  (Tho' some of the desserts are fabulous.)  Perhaps it is the exorbitant prices.  I don't know.  I just know it's not my favorite place to go when I want to eat veg or raw.
Let me tell you that I was very impressed. Very impressed. Try the sushi.
What a great place. The location is tucked back in this little strip mall area. The creamy broccoli soup was wonderful and I really enjoyed my Mediterranean wrap. Will keep this on my list for future lunch spots.
I've been here several times for lunch and also for a b-day part of 8 or so and they accommodated us immediately. The food was soo yummy every time. I eat primarily vegan and dealing with food allergies and it was so easy to eat here. I love the fact they are vegetarian and not bombarded with soy! I will make a point to stop in here anytime I'm in the area. The vegan chocolate grenache cake was amazingly delicious! To the best of my knowledge should be GMO-FREE.
Good food, and tea, service is okay, need more seating, especially outdoor.
It's not easy finding good gluten-free dining in Phoenix. Since the closing of Mandala (about a week after I discovered it, natch) I'd come to the conclusion that I'd just have to deal with the few GF-friendly chain restaurants with their limited options. Then, I found Chakra 4.

Not only do I love the food - try the Nutty Rawvacado Dip - but the ambience is casual and relaxing. Perfect for a long weekend lunch. I love their selection of hot and cold soups, and they even offer gluten-free bread (locally baked at Gluten-Free Creations). 

They are a bit on the pricy side for what amounts to soup, salads, and sandwiches, even if you're not ordering gluten free, but knowing exactly what's in the food I'm eating is important to me and well worth the extra few bucks.
Simply put, I love this place. I met a friend here last weekend for lunch, my first time coming here except for one time, when I just went in to order a hot mint tea to go. The moment you walk in, you are greeted with the scent of herbs and spices, coming from Chakra 4's extensive selection of spices and loose leaf teas for sale. Adjacent to the spice store is the cafe itself, joined by an open walkway. The cafe possess a nice, earthy ambiance, and the atmosphere is relaxed. The service is welcoming and attentive and the food is fantastic. My vegan Moroccan Nomad Stew was flavorful and aromatic. They also serve one of my favorite flavored black teas, orange spice, and their blend is nice and balanced. I was happy to see that they serve agave as a sweetener. This is a gem of a place, with good food, nice people, and a nice eclectic vibe. Chakra 4 is definitely worth the visit.
LOVE, love, love this restaurant!!  Their food is exquisite. I had a world class kale salad and my husband had a veggie burger. We also enjoyed every taste of our soup and gluten free bread. I normally don't drink tea, but I tried theirs and it was delicious. Everyone who works at Chakra 4 is open-hearted and sweet.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! My only wish is that they'd offer freshly squeezed juice.
This place is a great lunch spot for vegans, vegetarians and healthy folk alike. The variety of prepared  teas is incredible and they offer most of their teas loose to take home and brew as well. As a bad vegetarian that eats fish on occasion, this is a favorite place of mine to enjoy a purely vegetarian meal packed with fresh flavors. 

 My absolute favorite is a wrap and cup of soup. Usually I opt for the Black Bean Sunflower Wrap, which has black bean sunflower hummus, with mixed greens, jack cheese, red onions, carrot, celery, cucumber, bell pepper,
heirloom tomato, and spicy chipotle salsa. I have discovered that no matter what their soup of the day is, it is always perfect! Last time the watermelon gazpacho was perfect for the warm weather and today the french onion and mushroom soup hit the spot. The staff is always helpful and seem to know the menu very well. Thank you Chakra 4 for filling up my belly with healthy goodness!
I'm going to give this place a strong Decent. It has potential, but needs a little fine-tuning...mostly in the service department. 

This was my first visit, and I wanted to place a to-go order.  I stood at the counter waiting for one of the three employees to greet me.  I finally had to say I wanted to order some food and ask for a menu.  Not a bang-up start, but the woman who ended up helping me was very, very nice.  (She was also brand new.) The other two continued to chat behind the counter. 

The interior was a little cramped, and the seating didn't look real comfortable. While I waited for my food, I browsed the teas, seeds and herb selection.  I remembered I needed some chia seeds, and asked about them. The lady helping me couldn't find any, and asked someone who appeared to be a manager, or someone with more experience. "No. We don't carry those in bulk. If we have them, they're packaged up by the counter." And she literally waved her hand in the direction of the counter and turned her back on me.  Hmmm.  Not rude exactly, but I'm not singing customer praises either. And no chia seeds by the counter.

Because no one seemed that excited to sell me something, I did my own google search on my phone and found I could use flax seeds as a substitute for chia seeds. I wandered over to the counter-waving employee to ask about flax seeds, but decided to abort this mission when she started complaining about the break schedule in front of me.  I think I'll just go to Whole Foods. Sale lost for Chakra. 

After a reasonable wait, I got my food and left.  I had been informed that I had to pay $1 extra for to-go orders because of the packaging.  I'm ok with that in concept, but was a little miffed that this expensive packaging was a paper bag, butcher paper for my wrap and a small plastic container.  Really? That little plastic container cost $1? And they threw in a fork and spoon, which I didn't need.  If you're going to be eco, start asking people if they need utensils.

The food? Good. The $3.50 iced tea? Not good. After the to-go charge for the plastic container and utensils I didn't need, I spent close to $20 for a wrap, side of quinoa and iced tea.  The veggies were fresh, the spread on the wrap was great, and the quinoa was pretty good...just not $20 good.  I did tip the woman helping me behind the counter because she was nice and the only one doing anything. 

Phoenix has a need for a vegan / veggie place, the outside area is great in nice weather, and the food was a 7 out of 10. If they could bump their service up a notch,  they'd do ok.  I'll try them one more time, and hope for better.
The most amazing vegan foods and teas BUT the worst service EVER!  It can take an hour or two to see your food and because of that I can't go. And with the food running so slow you would think they would be apologetic but the waiters are stuck in a meditation trance of rudeness and don't acknowledge it or you. I've gone 3 times hoping a different waiter would help or a different day but no luck. Unless you have all day to kill don't go
The BEST veggie pizza I have ever has in my life! I'm not a vegetarian. The flavor is nice and strong, not wimpy like most. Teen son tried it & asked to keep the rest of the slice - crazy good for anyone. His black bean quesadilla & side salad was delicious & neither of us love black beans... Our service was great, red haired younger woman, very friendly & helpful. Great world music playing. LOVED IT. 

We felt energized by the good quality food, environment & company.  Wish they were closer to us!

No, it's not cheap - but that quality of ingredients isn't cheap for them to buy.
First thing first - I love steak. 
Whew. I said it. 
But I like to think of myself as a vegetarian trapped in an carnivore's body. 
Salad is legitimately my favorite food!
That being said - I really liked this place!
I met up here with a girlfriend of mine for lunch. 
Great location. It's almost garden-esque, the way it's tucked in the back of a Trader Joe's under a lot of trees. 
The food was great - I got the avocado wrap which was different and delicious and very satisfying. 
I got some pomegranate tea to drink, perfectly brewed. 
I do have to agree with other reviews, the service was rather slow. 
But we attributed it to the complexity of preparing fresh food, and used it as an excuse to keep our girl gab session going :)
Our sever was VERY nice - she kept checking in on us and letting us know what was going on. REALLY enjoyed our lunch here. 
Will definitely be coming back!
the tea is nicely priced and is to die for. although the food is a bit pricy, it is well worth it. basically, everything that you get there WILL taste like love... and you'll leave pleased with yourself. the staff is also very nice and very attentive. i would recommend trying one of the chai teas... they are fantastic.
I keep coming back, but havent been lately. I would rather go here over any other place in the metro
Our lunch was so delicious and we were both energized the rest of the day.  I had the Johnny Apple wrap and my lunch date had the Cowgirl wrap - both were so good.   As a gluten-free eater, there were so many options on the menu, that I will definitely be back to try more.  If you're on a budget, stick with water....the drinks and elixirs are very good, but a bit pricey. We split the cheesecake (raspberry/chocolate ganache): incredible!
Very nice & delicious food. The aroma of the place itself sets the tone for what you're gonna expect. The Nutty Rawvocado i had was yummy & filling. The soup served along with it was not that great though.  
The restaurant is a little expensive but definitely worth a try or two.
I went to this place for lunch. As soon as I entered the place, i could smell all herbs and tea. so refreshing!! I ordered fresh ginger lemonade. perfect cooler for the heat! Also loved their cow girl wrap with quinoa salad on side. Super tasty and healthy. Definitely i am going back for their salads.
 Four star because just for lunch this place is bit pricey! (as they have everything organic )
Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.....but I liked the walnut "meatballs".  For transparency I'm far from a vegetarian, I prefer a juicy burger.
I love this place.  Every meal I've ever ate here is excellent and I'm a meat and potato kinda gal.  But truly, I crave this place.  Today I had the Cowgirl wrap (in a teff wrap) and mushroom & onion soup - so good.  And the naked iced chai,  refreshing.  I couldn't have been happier with my lunch.
Not really a fan, and probably our experience was tainted by the service. We happened to go on a day when the weather was gorgeous and sat outside. It was our first visit as I was excited to try a new restaurant. There seemed to be a good number of regulars there at the same time so I thought, great, people like this place enough to keep coming back! 

Unfortunately for us, we probably won't be regulars. For one thing, if you have questions about their menu or just don't seem well versed in the world of vegan dining, the staff seems to look down on you. Whether it was intentional or not, the fact is, that is how they left this customer feeling, so NO GOOD. Then, food was expensive for what we got. Iced tea wasn't very flavorful. My husband got a drink that I now can't remember the name of, but he thought it was okay. My spaghetti squash was fine, but not spectacular. I don't even remember what my husband got, because he was still hungry after this lunch and needed to go next door to the Greek restaurant for a gyro to satisfy his hunger. 

All in all, an unsuccessful restaurant outing.
SUPER great food. We were in town for Spring Training and stopped by multiple times just because it's AMAZING! I loved everything but especially loved the roasted vegetable thin-crust pizza with nut (vegan) cheese. It absolutely hit the spot. The ambiance is very relaxing, the starters and wraps are great... what can I say? If I lived in Arizona (ANYWHERE in Arizona!) I would come here weekly. But for now I just have to wait until next Spring :)
Love the Chakra 4.  Today I had the tomato basil soup... Excellent! And the black bean wrap.. Really yummy even though I'm not a huge fan of teff (the gluten free wrap). Its a good wrap, i just havent gotten accustomed to the texture if teff yet. The gluten free bread at chakra is great.   Had a raw vegan blueberry truffle.. Very yummy.   I overheard the server telling another customer about something drizzled with peach pure and thought that sounded very refreshing so I asked about it, turns out it was cheesecake with peach pure topping, I decided I was way too full for cheesecake and decided to just have the truffle.   The server was kind enough to bring me a sample of the cheesecake ( without me asking :) ) and it was heavenly.  I'll have to go back tomorrow for just cheesecake and tea..   Did I mention I love Chakra?
Man, I loved everything about this place, from the second I stepped inside and was hit with an awesome aroma of tea and food, and surrounded by a well-decorated little spot.  Service was super friendly, as they brought us a really good red tea blended with fruit while we waited for our food.  We both got wraps, both of which were super tasty, leaving us satisfied and feeling good.  This will most definitely be a regular spot for us, can't wait to go back!
I went to Chakra 4 for the first time last night for dinner. The food was quite good, and they had more teas than I could possibly imagine. The only things I wasn't too fond of were that it was pretty crowded, the tables were very small. Over all though, it was lovely. I would definitely go again.
Good food, but the service is so disappointing its not worth the trip.
I love everything about this place!!  They have a completely organic vegetarian menu and they do not cook with Canola Oil.  They also offer gluten free and vegan items.  I can rest assured that I am not eating any GMOs or processed food here which is so important to me and hard to find in a restaurant these days.  They also offer an amazing large selection of teas and healthy beverages.  The atmosphere is great too.  It's a cozy little tea house in a nice courtyard area.  A great place to hang out and relax while enjoying delicious nurishing meals!
Super healthy delicious food. It's definitely food with a  purpose! Love the vibe here.
The best gluten free veggie pesto pizza ever. So good. 

Was there with a bunch of yoginis and well, just assumed I'd be hungry by the time we all left, but the pizza was amazing and hit the spot. Took the 1 tiny piece I had left to eat later...

The service was excellent and so patient.
Really good food!  This place is pricey, but the food is great and unique.  We tried a variety of dishes and everything was excellent.  Service was good, we will be back.
If you're looking for the typical, boring vegan fare, this isn't the place. The specials here are always really interesting & tasty. I am always torn between getting the specials and my usual, the walnut sausage pizza. The tostadas are very tasty as well. I suggest getting the current tea special as well. It's always good and always interesting. Desert here is guilt-free & a must. 

Chakra 4 makes delicious, unique vegan and vegetarian. They seem to understand that there's more than just the standard fake meats to feed to veggie lovers.
I think this is about as good as vegetarian food could get! The first time I came here I was quite pleasantly surprised at the creativity of the flavors the dishes. The texture, appearance - it was all delicious! I also come here for supplements for juicing and smoothies. The prices for supplements are higher than GNC, Hi-Health, and such, but the quality of the herbs and supplements are unsurpassed by anything else in town that I've seen. The staff are very knowledgable too, as an apothecary should be, so you will get some great recommendations if you want to ask for ideas. This is a neat shop; check it out and you might be a little bit dazzled!
"We can pay the farmer now or the doctor later."

This was a quote on the back of their daily specials commenting about the price. It really does sum it up! This place values the quality and preparation of its food and you really can tell. The food was beyond fresh. Everything we had (see below) was tasty!

Raw Nori Rolls (resh vibrant veggies (cucumber, seasonal sprouts,
bell peppers, carrot, celery, zucchini)
Black Bean Quesadilla
Roasted Vegetable Pizza
Soup - Roasted red peppers and tomatoes with quinoa and kale
Chocolate Caramel Heart (Sweets!)

and I'm not a huge tea fan, and that was fantastic as well.
Cranberry Orange Tea

The thing Ioved most about this place was how calming the ambiance was. So many times we are always in a hurry, enamored with loud conversation, tons of people, etc. This was just the opposite. It felt like a vacation within the city. That's nicer than you realize from time to time.

Awww yes! This is a fantastic place EVEN if you are a meat lover.
Great experience! Very attentive staff :) pretty outdoor seating! Food was great!
The food here was delicious! The dessert is very overpriced! I can get the same dessert options at Whole Foods around the corner for a quarter the price. I was disappointed about the service. We watched as all the other tables were waited on while we sat with our waters....
After we finished eating, we waited patiently for about fifteen minutes for our check. We finally pulled another waiter aside and she gladly helped us. As we walked out of the restaurant, there was our original slow waiter sitting on her phone and smoking. 
Not going to be going back. Not worth the money with service like that.
This is my husband and I's favorite special lunch spot. Their tea selection is AMAZING, and the food, though pricey, is unique, pure, and totally worth it. 

Don't skip dessert!
The restaurant doesn't have prices listed online which probably was a wise decision not to scare potential customers beforehand. Food that is claimed to be local and organic is highly overpriced, as other reviewers noted. I would understand paying $17 for gnocchi with organic grass-fed meatball sauce, but it has no meat! Organic vegetables are so cheap at the groceries, I can't get why organic vegetables at vegetarian cafes are so expensive.

There are lots of loose leaf teas, spices and herbs, but none of them is unique enough (wow, loose chamomile tea!) nor worth the price, especially counting how close Trader Joe's and Whole Foods are to this place.   

The only good thing about this cafe is that it has no soy, but advantages of local organic vegetarian cafe fade as quickly as you enter the door of overpriced pretentiousness. What a waste of time it was visiting this place.
Chakra 4 is a great place to eat at and buy tea from. Their food is great, the staff is very friendly, the tea is fairly priced, and they used good quality herbs. I recommend their Mellow Yellow tea, it is great in taste and is very soothing. I recommend this place.
I'm a 'newer' vegan and have really missed the treats and desserts I used to indulge in. My husband and I had lunch here about a week ago and I decided to try the vegan vanilla cheesecake.... It was AMAZING and my non-vegan husband actually prefers it over real cheesecake!!! Definitely recommend this place!
The Hercules burrito was amazing and the servers are super sweet! Happy to discover this restaurant!
Went back for a second try, and YES! Very different experience.  My friend and I sat outside, and were helped within 30 seconds.  The server was friendly, and bonus points, knowledgable about the menu...which looks like it had been revamped in a very, very positive way since my first visit.

The food was excellent. So excellent that even my carnivore friends would rave. This time, the quinoa side had some flavor.  Just to test our server (I'm fun like that), I asked about the ingredients, and she knew them off the top of her head. 

The portion size was great.  We both ordered wraps, and both had leftovers to take with us. Sitting outside in January is tough to beat, especially in the brick-paved and fountain-laden Town & Country plaza.

I'm going with 4 stars because the interior and the furnishings need a little bump towards nicer. The decor still feels like "I'm a college hippy," and the food and concept deserve better.  The bathroom was cute, but if you don't like smelling like incense (and I don't), avoid it.

But really, kudos to Chakra.  They listened to the reviews and made an about-face.  Oh! And someone (the owner?) emails a newsletter that is worth reading. Not just a "come eat at my place" (in fact, I don't think he has said that, yet), but useful information on herbs, supplements and food. 

I'm a fan.
There's something very comfortable and relaxing about tea and lunch in an apothecary, surrounded by crystals and soft colors, and people who are friendly and helpful.

This restaurant is changing a lot from the way it used to be.  I've noticed they have really pulled it together when it comes to the menu (a variety of amazing foods, farm-fresh to the table, etc.), the decor, and the overall service.  Feels like some new management - people who really care about the customer experience.

My favorite tea is the Roman Provence.  My favorite wrap is the Rawvocado, and my favorite dinner dish so far is the lasagna.

The vegan chocolates are very expensive but a super yummy treat.
So glad I found this place. Just about everything here is organic and it's good! Just wish it was closer to home but overall I was really happy about it. There needs to be more organic restaurants!
Everything we had here was amazing! Vegan, gluten free and raw options. Definitely worth the drive we made from Peoria. Selection of desserts is crazy! 
Seriously worth the trip to this place!
browsing through a copy of Uptown magazine, i came across an article for healthy eats in phoenix. we've tried almost all of them, except sage kitchen. off we went!

turns out, it is the former Chakra 4 herb. Same place, same staff, different name. they added a few menu items. we found out that most folks had no idea this place served food, hence the name change. 

we ordered an avacado dip starter with slivered dipping carrots and celery. they were slightly tangy and refreshing. for my entree, i had the vegetarian tostadas. they came loaded with a lentil base, beans, and overflowing with fresh cut vegetables and a small salsa dip. it was deeeelicious! the tostadas were crunchy and held up nicely when picked up to bite into. most of the goodies on top fell off, but that's what fingers are for right?

my dish cost about 16 bucks, which is a little on the steep end but it was tasty and the service for our outside dining was perfect.
Huge downside is not having a price list anywhere. Ordered the gnocchi and iced tea to go and was told $20. I was expecting a larger portion for that price. The gnocchi was really good, just not $17 for it's extremely small portion good. Might be back. Not sure yet. I also don't understand the $1 to go charge. Seriously?
OMG if this place was in San Diego, I would eat there 5 days a week. No joke. Wow. I ordered the zucchini kale vegan lasagna, kale salad with honey mustard dressing and a vegan gluten free kale pizza. I gotta tell ya- I feel so good after eating that scrumptious meal. Lauren was the most pleasant server I've ever encountered and this restaurant ranks in my top 5. Sage Kitchen is attached to an herbalist store and is so fitting. If you want a great meal without the crap ingredients and you live in AZ, come try this amazing food.
Great vegan food!

Technically, I'd give Sage Kitchen 3.5 stars, but that isn't an option.  I cook vegan at home a large majority of the time at home.  Therefore, I'm a pretty tough judge.  We had an herb hummus and avocado dip to start.  They were both okay, but nothing too special.  For entrees, we had the butternut squash gnocchi and the zucchini lasagna.  Both were good, but I do feel like I could make something pretty similar at home.  Finally, we had the raw lavender cheesecake for dessert.  The cheesecake was great - I'm not typically a fan of cheesecake or lavender, but it tasted amazing!

I think the meal was a little bit pricey - $100 for two people for lunch.  That being said, we ordered several dishes and had tea.  

We had a great experience overall, but I'm not sure that I'd go back.  Definitely worth a try if you are interested in vegan food!
Food was great and service is awesome but this place charges way to much for the dessert and food.  They charge $6 for one cookie which is about the size of a Girl Scout cookie and is nothing special.  My wife makes vegan cookies with her food processor all the time and they taste very similar.  If you order a slice of cheese cake, $12.  Which I will have to admit is pretty good but not $12 good.  I don't think we will return.  They charge way to much!
I am fairly new to the gluten free and paleo lifestyle due to a medical condition, so dining out has been tough. Alas, after work I searched for gluten free restaurants and this place came up. Granted, I eat meat and this place is veggie/vegan, I decided to give it a whirl anyhow. I'm SO happy I did! 

This place is a small, casual spot that is connected to a tea shop, and upon entry it smells fantastic. Upon looking at the menu, the items are veggie, can be made vegan, and many can be made gluten free or paleo. I got the white gnocchi which is naturally all three of those things. It. Was. Insanely. Delish. The sauce was so decadent, and the sweet potato gnocchi were just the right texture and flavor. I was seriously blown away, I never thought I could enjoy a vegan Alfredo sauce, but boy was I wrong! Apparently vegan cheese sauces are largely comprised of cashews...who knew? It's fantastic and way healthier than the dairy counterpart. 

After eating dinner I indulged a little in a truffle for dessert. Alas, this was also vegan, paleo and gluten free. It was a mocha cream truffle and it was phenomenal. I never would have even guessed it was made any different than a regular truffle. Needless to say, I  am so exited about this place; it's been an experience that has shown me that my food experiences don't have to be restrictive though my recent necessary change in diet is! 

After all is said and done, they bring you fennel seed as a digestif. How cool is that? Reminded me of Fernet only it's not booze. Sober, clean, and healthy....I couldn't have asked for more.
Let me keep this short, simple and to the point...

1) Food is expensive.
2) Food has no salt.
3) Service is mediocre.
AND THE KICKER......
4) Found a hair in my wrap and was compensated with a truffle! 

I will most definitely NOT be back.
This is an amazing little cafe! The servers are so nice and helpful and the food is outstanding.
This is one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants.  We don't have a lot of dedicated vegetarian and vegan restaurants but Sage Kitchen (formerly Chakra 4) does it well.  I really like this one because they do not rely on meat substitutes but rather use fresh vegetables. The food is fresh, healthy and tasty.  Tea's are great and the desserts and chocolates are always delicious.  I especially enjoy the nori rolls as appetizers.  The tostadas and the gnocchi are really delicious and the raw cheesecake is always a treat.  There is a nice herb shop attached and it is an amusing place to poke around in.  Your bill will be expensive so be warned. If you are accustomed to eating in nice veg places and raw places the prices are similar and perhaps a bit higher.
This is my new favorite restaurant!  Everything that I have had here is superb and healthy!  The combination of flavors is exceptional.  My family now eats at Sage Kitchen regularly.  The food is all fresh, organic, local and everything I have had has been outstanding.  We are huge fans of the lasagna, the crispy kale pizza and the balsamic apple pizza.  Also, I have never been a fan of vegan cheese.  They offer a soft vegan cheddar.... not only do I LOVE it, it actually really DOES taste like cheddar, and I can eat it plain.  It's out of this world.  I wish they sold it in containers to take home.  Service is always exceptional and friendly.  Ambiance is very relaxing.  Highly recommended.
Went for lunch again today.  Its been awhile.  Everything about the same except we didnt have to wait do long to get our food.   It came out quickly this time.   I hope this wasnt a fluke but an honest attempt ny management to speed things up.    Food still very good.   Got the kale pizza.  It was so good. The crust was real good.  Prices still very high but food is good
Excellent food, friendly service, OUTRAGEOUS prices!!  I'm glad to see many, many other reviewers have noticed this.  Even so, I think it worth pointing out that the dishes aren't "a bit pricey", they're ABSURD.  I ordered the herbed quinoa bowl on the Sunday brunch menu.  Fresh, tasty dish, but for $13 I did not get a salad bowl, not even a soup bowl - it was, at best, a custard bowl.  And no accompaniment of any kind.  Ten to 15 minutes, eating slowly, mind you, and I was done.  With a carafe of iced tea (they had not brewed any iced tea that day, so there was none available by the glass - WHAT?!), tax and tip (service is good, and the server doesn't set the menu prices, so she deserves a full tip), I blew $22 on a custard bowl with a few spoonfuls of quinoa, beans and avocado and iced tea.  That is BAD value for the money.  I understand that they serve a "niche" audience, source locally, blah dee blah, and I "get" the Food & Beverage industry, but I genuinely felt ripped off at those price levels.

Others have mentioned the high price of the desserts.  I have never bought one here for that very reason.  Another example on the "sides" for the Sunday brunch menu: ONE GF biscuit with gravy for $7!!  Despite this being a vegan place, I'd expect a "slider" of filet mignon inside the biscuit (hold the gravy, of course) at that price!

I will not be back, and for me to not return to a place solely because of price point and perceived lack of value is extremely rare.  Too bad, because they have a good product - they just charge 3 to 4 times what it's worth..
Chef T is amazing! The menu she has developed makes a meat eater like myself wanna go Vegan! Get the pizza or the watermelon ahi salad...trust me

Energy level here is peaceful and relaxing...leave ur stress at the door
Brand spankin' new chain food! This place is a tad different than the other ones around you wont find the giant horses out front here and its a very open layout inside with giant light fixtures that look like drums hanging from above. Its a good thing we don't have to worry about earthquakes here folks! The hostess was totally pleasant I wish I were young and enjoyed my job as much. Our waiter was excellent he knew his shit. My sister and I started off with their white pear Mojitos they could have been stronger but they weren't overly sweet and quite refreshing. We didn't have to replace the drink with water during the meal so we just kept the Mojitos flowing. We started w the seared ahi tuna I didn't care for the peanutty wasabi sauce that came on it next time I'd get it on the side it definitely had a kick to it. I had the Buddha's Feast, fried it was nothing special I probably wont order that again I could easily make that at home, the Shanghai Cucumbers were good like always. My sister had the orange peel chicken and was told by the waiter to eat the peels w the chicken she loved it and we both had leftovers to bring home at the end.

They had $2 desert cups we had the strawberry shortcake and banana split both were very rich and tasty. We left very full and happy for our Sunday treat.
This P.F. Chang's location is a good step up from the rest of their chain. 

I love the open floorplan and warm lighting; it was very modern, but still cozy. I've taken my bf here for an impromptu date night, and a group of drinking buddies- it works equally well for both.

The service was extraordinary. I usually avoid P.F. Chang's because the waitstaff can be a little clingy, but there was a good balance here. He was very knowledgable and eager to help, but knew when to let us enjoy our meal. Drinks were refilled before they were finished.

The food was a nice upgrade from their normal fare. Perhaps they're renovating all their locations, but the emphasis was on fresher tastes and less syrupy-sweet sauces. The seared tuna was great, though the green tea soba noodles were inedible. The chicken lettuce wrap was good, as always. The moo shu chicken was okay when it was hot, though lost it's appeal quickly. The kitchen wasn't able to get our meals out at exactly the same time, so they comped the meal. 

The bar service was nice. Just nice. I wouldn't go here to drink, though there seemed to be a few who were doing just that.

On weekends, there can be up to a 45-minute wait for a table; with that kind of wait, you may as well just go to into town.
Thank goodness they opened a location near me. I could probably eat the same dish there for the rest of my life... or I guess I could try other dishes too. But if it ain't broke, why fix it?
Besides the LaJolla, CA (UTC) location, this is by far one of the better PF Changs. YUMMY! I'm hoping it's not because it's still only 8 months old. (Crossing my fingers)! All the others that I've tried have been way too generous with the sodium in their cooking. Everything is prepared and spiced perfectly! The decorations and design are a bit more subtle than other locations, and the servers and rest of the staff are great. 

Note: I know they advertise that they don't use MSG in their cooking. But my mother had a very allergic reaction; which she gets specifically to large amounts of MSG intake. Maybe that's why the food is so AWESOME!!! (Oh yeah, mom is fine. It's one of those reactions that trigger multiple trips to the restroom before we can pull out of the parking lot. No worries. She thought the food rocked too.)
I usually avoid chain restaurants, but I have a weakness for Chang's. At least they started in Scottsdale, so it is a home-town company. This location is a little different than others and I really appreciate it. There are fabulous touches like the glass wall mural that really step the place up. 

The food is consistently great and the service staff are always friendly. I'm currently hooked on a sweet dish I never would have considered from the menu - its shrimp, honeydew melon and walnuts and is absolutely delicious. Every person I go there with looks at me questioningly, then thanks me for ordering it because they never would have. Sweet isn't your thing? Try the fabulously spicy Bloody Mary to really really kick-up your night.

Yum!

UPDATE: New management = less consistent quality and service. However, even though its a Chinese chain, they have one of the best margaritas I've had anywhere in Arizona. Go figure.
We had a gift card to use and it was well worth it. 

Drinks: 2 beers
App: Lettuce wraps
Soup: Hot and sour
Mains: PFC Spicy chicken and Sesame chicken, 1/2 white 1/2 brown Rice
Desert: Mini cheesecake and mini chocolate cake

$50.85, not bad. 

The service was great and the server Clint was great.
I know it's considered lame to write about chain restaurants on here...but I digress.

I really enjoyed eating here. The only thing that wasn't good was the Moo Goo Gai Pan, but I've never cared for that anyway. Everything was fresh tasting, the restaurant was clean, and the waitstaff was friendly. Will definitely go again.
Visited this restaurant on Sunday 7.12.09 around 2pm for lunch. I walked into the place and saw a little bit of a difference in lighting from other PF Chang's I've been to. They actually had their curtains open to let in some natural light, which was really nice. You could see the place was clean and it gave the atmosphere a more of a casual vibe. I enjoy eating at places where it's a little more personable with the wait staff, which wasn't the case this afternoon. The wait staff on this afternoon wasn't focused on the customer, which was me. It seemed like a young crowd of wait staff that didn't want to work a Sunday afternoon. I didn't see any genuine smiles from them. They had the attitude of blah, blah blah, here's your food, bye. I ordered the peppercorn beef dish, and my husband ordered the kung pow dish extra spicy. For an app we had 4 spring rolls. The app didn't taste fresh, and the sweet and sour sauce served with it was bland. Our meals were a decent size but low on sauce for some reason. The rice was a little dry. And my husband's extra spicy kung pow didn't have any pow at all. So at this point I was asking myself, why eat here? I could have gone to any neighborhood Chinese place and have gotten the same quality of food with paying 1/2 the price.. I'm really considering being a little stuck up saying that these chain restaurants are expected to have a certain standard, and why can't they go above it to empress me to come back? I think in this type of economy I'm really going to start to eat at the more mom and pop places where you can feel the heart and soul that is put in the dinning experience. I probably am not going to go back to this chain because of this experience.
This seems to be good if you are not used to going out alot to fine dining places. It has a good atmosphere , cheap food but can still feel like you are going out for a night on the town. 

People rave about the lettuce wraps , which I find very blah, but I cant think of anything that truly stands out with any of the food here. 

This is a very safe place to go if you are with semi picky eaters or people who are on a budget. The kierland commons location I find a bit better because the area outside can be nicer for groups or in a date setting  with the fountains and courtyards. 

However , if you are eating healthy, even the healthly menu will leave you felling weighed down. 

You are better off eating at Ra for a lighter meal.
I enjoy their Lettuce Wraps! Very delicious. I love it. :)
Date night with my husband brought us to PF Changs last night. We go here a lot, mostly because it is close to the house and the food is pretty consistently good. We were going to do the prix fixe dinner ($39.95 for an appetizer, 2 soups, 2 entrees and 2 mini desserts) but I realized it wasn't THAT great a bargain and the prix fixe was very limited on what you can select, so we ordered on our own.  Our server seemed bored and dis-interested in us when he greeted and took our drink order. Hub ordered a beer, and I asked for a red wine flight ... server's choice. Drink service was more than slow ... 10+ minutes in a restaurant that was 1/2 full. Wine flight was worth the wait though, server made lovely selections.  Ordered the seared ahi as an appetizer. It was mediocre. Manager came by to ask how we liked it, we told him it was ok. "Just ok?" he asked. Yup, we replied. He said, "oh I'm surprised, everyone really likes it, but we're not a sushi restaurant.". Manager avoided us like the plague the rest of the meal. Thankfully, the mu-shu chicken was excellent and piping hot. The beef with broccoli was good, as always, but came out cold. White rice was hot, brown rice was cold. Server redeemed himself throughout the rest of the meal personality wise, in fact, I really liked him toward the end of our meal, but hub's beer refills (2 more) remained unacceptably slow.
Out shopping yesterday I was tired, hungry and sniffily(sp?) so I decided some Changs Lettuce wraps and Wonton soup were in order for lunch. The first time I called it sounded like somebody hung up. I've cut people off too so no big deal. Called back and sat on hold for what felt like forever until a surly sounding guy took my order and told me 15 minutes. I go there expecting it to be busy and that was why the guy was crabby but it was probably only 1/3 full. I walk in and there is nobody up front, so I go to the bar and wait and 5 minutes-no bartender. I go back up front and find and ask the host about the bartender and she says he'll be back soon so I continue to wait at the bar, no bartender no nobody. Finally the guy comes back and asks me "you have the soup right?" Yeah I did. I reluctantly tipped him a couple bucks and headed home only to find super salty lettuce wrap filling- like buckets of salt on it- and sub-par soup. I just had this soup less than a week ago from the Changs at Kierland and it was awesome. This one had a few scrawny looking shrimp in it where it usually comes with big juicy thick shrimp. And something was off with the broth too, didnt taste right at all. I have loved this soup for years and this was the first time I have been disappointed. Oh well, I will just avoid this location in the future!
Today we went for our holiday lunch at work and I was very happy and full when we left.  I started out with my favorite the chicken lettuce wraps.  I then ordered off the lunch menu so I got soup with my meal.  I ordered the hot and sour soup which went down in like three spoonfuls.  I followed that with the Moo Goo Gai Pan which was pretty good not the best I've ever had but decent.  Overall 2 out 3 items being amazing and the meal being good I had to give 4 out of 5 stars.
We went to this location, and it was awful.
-Food was cold.
-Service was terrible.
-Our server even forced me to put my leftovers in a box with my hands.

It was so bad I sent a note to PF Chang's corporate. They followed up with an email, basically saying they were sorry. They even had the store manager call me. You know what he did? He said he was sorry. Are you kidding me? I'd at least expect a GC to come back. Nope. I'll never go back. It's overpriced crap. At least at Pei Wei it's cheaper and you get your food hot.

Here's my letter to corporate: Hello, I'm writing in regard to the dinner we just had at your Happy Valley location. I'm extremely sorry to say it was very disappointing. When we arrived at our table there were used napkins under the table, and the wrapped silverware I was supposed to use was on the seat of the booth. I asked for a different napkin roll (who wants to use a napkin on your face where people have sat?), so the server gave me one from a different table where he placed the one I didn't want. The food was ok. It tasted ok, but it was not very warm at all. I ordered the mu shu chicken, which I asked for the server to wrap in the crepes me. I understand they are not the most simple to wrap, but by the time they got done with them they looked pretty unappetizing. They were ripped and pretty rough looking. I would have told the server or anybody that our food wasn't very hot, but nobody ever came back to the table to ask us how everything was. I also was only drinking water because I'm pregnant and avoiding caffeine and alcohol. It would have been nice to have been offered more water at some point. It's disappointing to me, because we only try to eat out once a week lately to help save money. We thought we'd treat ourselves to a nice afternoon movie and then a nice dinner out. I selected your restaurant because I thought of it as more mid-upper scale. So, I thought it would be a nice treat for my partner and myself. Nobody ever came back to ask how things were. When I asked the server for to-go boxes he suggested I "take care of it myself." Basically, he'd already cleared everything away, so I had to put the mu shu chicken roll in the box myself with my hands. I felt this was sort of weird and inappropriate. I mean, better my hands than his, but it's not what I'd call a nice dining experience. Our server was just ok, but it did seem like we weren't that important to him - but maybe that's how he feels if you don't order drinks and apps - if he's assuming you aren't going to tip him very well. I always tip at least 20%, if not more, when the service is good. He was lucky to get 15%. He was fair at best. I found all of this very surprising because the restaurant was maybe a third full - so it's not like they were so slammed that things slipped by. The other sad thing is that we spent a good part of our dining conversation talking about where we should have gone for better Chinese food and service. Then when we left my partner kept commenting on how Applebee's, Logan's or Ah-So would have been better. Perhaps it would have. I noticed on my receipt a message saying I could take a survey if I had a code. I had no code or I would have gladly taken the survey with this feedback. I also noticed the staff trying to seat a couple at a booth where two young children had previously been. The booth was messy and had food on the seat, and the older gentleman had to point it out to the server asking her to clean it before he sat down. There were plenty of open tables, yet she was sitting them next to the kitchen at a dirty table. In fact, she was wiping the table as she sat them down - in a restaurant that was a third full! I hope your staff is able to correct some of this obvious issues. During what continues to be tough economic times, I think people are much more selective about their dining-out dollars. I know that's our case. I would be very hesitant to return to any of your locations after this dinner.
it was pouring rain and downright miserable outside, so birthday dinner needed to be close to home and pf changs fit the bill. we had the same waiter as last time, which was kinda funny. i ordered another red wine flight, server's choice, and his selections were excellent (again). he kept the beers and cold glasses coming, which made g very happy. service was attentive and authentic - i really like this guy. our food (beef with broccoli and sezchuan seafood - you can choose the scallop, shrimp and calamari mix if you like!) was most excellent and the beef with broccoli had lots of sauce. the standout item was the hot and sour soup ... i can't wait to go back to have some more ... i'll probably order it for takeout on chilly nights and when i'm sick too. hot and sour soup always makes me feel better when i'm sick.
The food is pretty good but we have gone in 3-4 times (because it is the only Chinese food in the area) and the service has been awful every time. 
We tried to call in an order and it still took them an extra 20 min then they said it would take to get our food. 

This last time they only had one server working. I felt really bad for the guy.
The atmosphere was nice, but I ordered the Mahi Mahi and it came out over cooked and super dry. It was like eating cardboard.
Love, love, LOVE this place!!  Like others, I'm strictly gluten free.  Coming here and being able to choose between more than just a couple of items is always a treat for me.  I've never left this place hungry or disappointed.  The GF Shanghai Noodles are unbelievably good...and I love their flourless chocolate cake.
lettuce wraps!
Great place to go when your not on a budget.  All PF Chang's for the most part are consistent.  We enjoy this one to avoid the crowds and long waits.  

Start off with their lettuce wraps or salt & pepper calamari, delish! Sichuan shrimp & scallops are the best and something I always order.  Sometimes they give me a hard time about splitting the order with shrimp/scallops, but not at this PF Chang's.  The honey chicken and spicey chicken are also good.
Food is always good... gluten free menu was fantastic addition.  Now have beers on tap, expanded the bar area with a couple huge tables ideal for those of us who like to meet new people in the neighborhood, and a fabulous new happy hour menu.  Service is outstanding at this location -bartenders are great!
My first time at PF Changs was at this location. This was also my last time at a PF Changs. It's not because they had terrible service, or bad food; it was because they just...didn't have anything special. 

I'm a die hard Pei Wei fan, and quite honestly, I feel as though PF Changs is just  an overpriced, watered-down version of Pei Wei. I felt like the portions were small and the flavor just wasn't there. I would much rather get an Orange Peel Signature Dish to-go at Pei Wei and enjoy an afternoon lunch in the park.
I try not to write too much about chains, but we came here for happy hour, we we went too familiar with their menu and we kinda screwed up our order and got way too much food, It was kind of a breakdown between customer and server, but we had to bite the bullet on some of it and still pay for more than we ordered, but they also helped out by knocking off a couple bucks and then giving us free apps the next time were in.
This PF Chang's location is conveniently located for the people that live in North Phoenix Metro.  I'm not a big fan of PF Chang's for I think the drown their food in way too much sauce and I don't care for their rice because it's almost always too dry and clumpy.  

I do think PF Chang's is A~OK only because they offer a good variety of gluten free options, great tasting apps and my family likes coming here.  We are also somewhat limited with a few good places to eat in the far north metro area. 

Food:  My last visit I had the hot & sour soup ~ it was OK but would be better with some chicken or beef.  Apps were fried calamari ~ very good with a little extra salt/pepper and a squeeze of lemon.  Main dish was kung pao chicken ~ again way too much sauce, chicken was very good but the veggies were not cut even. As a result some were over cooked and some under cooked.  I was going to say something to our server, but with all that sauce it all tasted the same.  I asked for a substitute of noodles in place of my rice, but that was an up-charge... 

We wanted our little desert shooter to go which they don't make it to go.  Our server brought us a container to scrape our desert into.  Realy? It's a shooter desert and they give you this tiny spoon to use.  

Go for the apps, have a cocktail and call it a night at PF Chang's.
my very first  3 star review!

I had an early dinner with My Mom at Chang-A-Langs. It was good as usual. I am not a huge fan of chain restaurants but this is one I am willing to go to. We got the Dinner for two for $39.99. We split it between 4 people so it's a lot of food. Here is what we got. 

Choice of Soup (pick 2)

1 hot and sour
1 egg drop - not good. 

Appetizer (pick 1)

Lettuce Wraps - Yummmmmmmy!

Choice  of entree (pick 2)

We chose Mongolian Beef and Honey seared Chicken. 

The mongolian beef was excellent. I didn't try the chicken but have had it in the past and it's a safe choice. If you take the kiddos I suggest that for them. 

Choice of 2 mini desserts. If it's your birthday you get a free one so we picked a total of 3. 

Carrot Cake - Ok
Tiramisu - To Die For!
Chocolate Cake with Raspberry sauce - Good.

The service was good. No problems at all but it also was 4:00pm so it was near dead in there.
I am embarrassed to admit that this is the restaurant we go to the most. Reason 1) it is super consistent and we like that 
Reason 2) we live in the middle of nowhere and this is close to the aforementioned middle of nowhere. 
Reason 3) it is vaguely close to chinese food. 
Reason 4) my husband tolerates it. 
Reason 5) i can drink tea and eat lettuce wraps minus the rice sticks and not totally trash the diet.

Now the goods...they have great service....sometimes too good...within 2 minutes of receiving our food we had been checked on by the server, the manager, and they guy filing our glasses. We weren't actually sure we could finish dinner we were nodding and smiling so much. The happy valley location seems empty compared to arrowhead so we prefer it. They are constantly filling your drinks. All in all they are a well choreographed chainrest. With zero soul but solid performance that will hold us out until our inevitable move into a more central area of phoenix.
Good food, friendly service. However, we were among the first to arrive at 11am and it wasn't yet busy but took sooooo long to get out food, or food boxed, our check, and then out check & card returned. We were only 3 people and it took almost 90 minutes. We had No special orders or requests.
I never realized how much fat this place packs into their food until I really had to look.  For being Chinese, what the hell??  

It's nice that they have their nutritional values online, but so scary because then you realize what you're actually eating.

Tastes mighty great tho.

Service is ok at this location... it's been a hit or miss.  The prices are WAY too high.
Something is very weird about this location.  I have been going here on and off for the past three years but over the last 6 months or so it has steadily gone down hill.

The food is still great, I'll give them that.  Not consistent in terms of spiciness but I actually take that as a good sign that my food is being prepared fresh and not just from a pre-made bag of prepared food.

The main problem I have is the management here.   Service has always been good but the managers seem to get a kick out of berating and harassing the servers which ruins  the meal for me.  The manager would stand next to our server and tell her that we needed drink refills.  This was about 5 seconds after she said "I'll be right back with some refills."

Later when she came by she asked if she could put our leftovers in some take home containers... seconds later the manager yelled at her to get us some to-go containers. Creepy and harassing and not the first time I have seen it.  A table next to us joked "what's with the bouncer?" Just not a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy your food anymore. Please send your managers to a restaurant etiquette class!
Nasty, nasty...dirty. Dim Sum happy hour was nothing to write about. The food set me back to not set in their doors again.
Thus PF Changs goes the way of all restaurants.  Always a fan of the restaurant, even with their exorbitant prices.  Well, as long as the quality lasts.  Alas, the quality has crashed down to the quality of your local Chinese take-out.  The two beef dishes, mongolian beef and wok-charred beef, both contained an unnecessary amount of fatty beef, the unedible kind.  Sorry, PF, if that's what I can expect, I don't have to pay your prices!
I had excellent service to begin with. There were great appetizers, good..not weak..drinks. For my first time at a PF Chang's, I thought the main course was a little mild tasting, which we mentioned to them. They went overboard trying to fix something that I wasn't sure was broken to begin with. The waiter got us a free dessert and then the manager brought a new entree. Honestly, I never thought the original food was bad. It was more a comment about the different style of cooking. Anyway, I never had better service but after reading the other reviews I hope some poor cook didn't get in trouble from my offhanded comment.
This is probably the best bar you can go to in the area, it is a nice higher end place for a drink (I cant stand BWW).  The appetizers are good, food is good, service is top notch but I never think of this place for dinner.  First off, you will wait and more than an hour at peak times and I would rather just go to Pei Wei.  Chicks love this place though so if you are single I recommend eating here everyday, ha ha.
I was sent a $20 gift card for PF Chang's from Klout. I decided to take my wife there today for lunch. Knowing that it would be busy I predicted a wait. They quoted 25-30 min's however it was only about 10. That was great. Over all the food was decent, However the 1 star is simply for the poor service. I could have gotten the same quality food from many places and gotten service that was far better. The waitress had to be flagged down every time we needed more tea, She seemed to be trying to rush us through the meal. At one point she even took the plate I was eating my appetizer off of. When I ask for a side of salad dressing it took forever to get this. When the time came for the bill it was dropped on the table, But no fortune cookies where there or even offered. Simply put the service was beyond bad. I don't think I will ever go back.
Large portions, great service, great place to get dressed up & share a date night with your loved one.
Lettuce Wraps were awesome. I had the peppered beef which was great as well. Perfect day to sit on the patio. Overall a great experience.
Although PF Chang's is strictly corporate food; this restaurant is bright ray of sun-shine in an otherwise desolate section of the city. It has a nice bar with a decent beer selection and I've always found the service friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant is large enough to accommodate 6+ for a business lunch or dinner and the noise level is on the low side.
I had lunch here with my mother, and even getting there at 1:30pm, it was pretty busy!  It isn't hard to see why - their lunch plates are a steal and a very good deal at $10 for a lunch portion, rice, and soup or salad.  We ordered the fried green beans to start, which, as always, were FANTASTIC!  Mom had the lemon chicken, which was tangy and sweet and quite nice and I had the Moo-goo-gai-pan, which was yummy, but a little bland.  She had egg drop soup and I had the hot and sour, which I feel is the BEST around!  I love PF Changs and am so happy to find they are adjusting their prices!
Great service! Great Food! Love the feel and look of the place. Will be going back.
I have tried this located several times and it seems each time I get a crappier waitor or waitress and worse service than before, which I didn't even think was possible.  Today my meal took so long that I couldn't even eat it there.  I asked for a box and had to take it with me to enjoy at a later time.  I have a whole hour for lunch, I didn't order anything crazy to make.  

This place has poor time management skills and is very disappointing.  The only thing good about this place is Zach the manager and Nichole a server.  I guess I should get their schedules and only go when they are working.  What a shame to have such great food and have it ruined each time by poor service.
We found the food to be subpar and wildly overpriced (c'mon, guys, fifteen to twenty bucks for an entree that goes for $8 to $12 at most other places?). Bland, uninteresting lettuce wraps; mango chicken on the bitter side; Singapore street noodles that would never have made it in Singapore except perhaps as fodder for livestock. How this place established such a favorable reputation is quite beyond me - no one in our party was a bit impressed.

Service was the high point of the visit. Our gal was was totally on the ball, fast, friendly and professional. But outstanding service doth not a successful outing make, and I have no plans to return. There are so many other interesting Asian places around for so much less money.
The food is okay, definitely not worth the price, Pei Wei is just as good maybe even better and it is much more affordable.  We received the worst service at this location multiple times and will not return.
The bar and wait staff couldn't be better at this location of PF Chang's.  The food and service is better than any other 'Chang's' country-wide.  We just moved here from NY and missed our "local hangout".  The bar tenders and wait staff have made us feel at home.  We go at least once per week for wonder food, drink, and company with the staff and other patrons.  Thank you Clint, Gerry, Nate, Kyle, Nick, Angie, et al.
Last time I was here I was having dinner with my father. I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered lettuce wraps and they were terrible. The server took them off of our bill, but that was already expected because I would not be willing to pay for such gross food. My dad was happy with his food.
Never an issue with service. The sweet and sour chicken always seems to be missing correct amount of chicken. But great quality Food.
This is one of my favorite PF Chang's locations because the decor looks different than the one at Arrowhead and the one at Keirland Commons in Scottsdale. The decor is very unique compared to the other ones. I love the tall ceilings and floor to ceiling windows adorned with floor to ceiling lush curtains. One wall of the restaurant is a giant Chinese water color glass art work that's is entirely backlit, which is quite an impressive feat for such a tall and large wall. 

The staff is quick, courteous, and very informative. 
I hadn't been here in awhile, so I was happy to know they still had the Banana fried egg rolls for dessert served with rich coconut ice cream!

The mongolian beef mixed with sauteed green onions has always been my favorite and usually it's been hit-or-miss with tenderness at the different PF's I've been to. However, here, they have nailed the mongolian beef. It was tender and flavorful!

The Spicy and salty shrimp is a more authentic dish and I was surprised it was even offered here at PF's, but it was very good here even though it had a more modern twist involved. when you order this dish at traditional Chinese restaurants, you eat the tail too, since the shrimp is so fried, it becomes tender - like soft shelled crab is. At PF's, it seems lighter and flakier rather than overly fried, so it wasn't as approachable to eat the shrimp tail in this case. 

We also tried the Thai fried rice, which contained lumps of crab, cilantro and some other spice within. This was super spicy and tasty! We loved this since it was full of so much spice.

Another surprising addition to the menu was sushi of all things! First Chinese restaurants adoped the Japanese dish, Teriyaki chicken, into their menu. Now, Chinese restaurants are including sushi too? It's crazy hilarious to me! Nor does it matter... You can have your cake and eat it too without having to go to two different Asian restaurant types...
Honestly, the worst service I've ever had. Tried it more than once, and I will never return.
Great food service is good. Their scotch pour is excellent. Amusing to watch the Romanian community take over the place sunday nights :)
I had not been here in like 2 years, and then all of a sudden I was here twice in a week. First for a lunch with coworkers and then for dinner and movie with friends.

I had the idea that PF Changs is kind of pricey, but it seems all the meals are big enough to share, or have leftovers. Also, a huge bowl of hot and sour soup (my favorite) is less than $6, so now that I am paying attention to the bill it seems to be OK.

During these 2 visits I tried the following:
Hot an sour soup (yummy!)
Egg drop soup (OK)
Wontons,
Kung pao shrimp (yummy) and chicken (OK)
Some special thai coconut noodles with chicken (OK)
Some thai pad something : ) - (OK)
Szechuan pork (I think, yummy) and othe 2 chicken dishes I do not remember the name. Kind of sweet.

Desserts:
Tiramisu, chocolate cake, some chocolate cake with peanuts or peanut butter, lemon cake, and some sort of fried bananas with ice cream. 
My favorite is the lemon cake, but the fried bananas were very good as well.

Warning - I was very disappointed that they do not have the shot glass desserts anymore... they were my favorites. : (

Servers were very good and friendly both times. For lunch our server was a tall guy with very short hair, I do not remember his name but he was very enthusiastic : ) He kept forgetting to bring me lemons, but I give him points for being so energetic.
For dinner our server was Kasey, he was nice and friendly.
Well I went in and asked what the wait time was. The hostess said it would be about 35 minutes. I went back to the car and told my wife. We agreed to wait. Went back inside and to put our name on the list and were seated immediately, so that was awesome.

Out server, Steph, was busing a table next to us, but put that hold to take our drink order and appetizer order which almost never happens anywhere. When she came back with our drinks we got our order in. The food came out way quicker than I expected.

The Hunan hot fish was so freaking good. No joke. It was thick cut with a chicken like texture but was tasty like fish ought to be.  The crab wontons were also a delight. I tested Steph to make sure the crab wasn't from a can and she passed. We ordered the pineapple/coconut cake. Fresh and refreshing.

As far as Steph goes... she was attentive, friendly, quick, took our orders accurately, and knowledgeable about the menu. She gave us the feeling that we were the most important couple in the restaurant.

Previous visits here, we had Chris as a server and he was also awesome. A manager did tell us that we can request to either sit or be waited on by our server of choice when we eat here.
Hubby and I always enjoy this place. Typically after a few ours in the gym! Never had a bad dish. Ambience is perfect for a Saturday afternoon! Love the white tea! Not crazy about their desserts, but if love sweets, save it for the really good stuff!!!!
I've never been a huge Chang's fan.  It's okay but never my first choice.  I had lunch here last week and while the food continues to be average, the service was fabulous. They made my salad with the wrong dressing and brought me out a whole new salad (I honestly hadn't even noticed).
3 strikes and you're out would describe my experience with takeout here. Long waits for my food each time only to find out they forgot to put in my order or let it sit in the back for 10+ minutes getting cold. But that would be forgivable if the Pad Thai I ordered each time was actually any good. It's a staple, basic dish for an Asian restaurant! Yet when I order it here it has absolutely no flavor, not to mention it definitely wasn't cooked to be extra spicy as I'd ordered it! I even thought they'd accidentally left off the sauce the first time until I gave the dish one more try... and same thing, NO FLAVOR AT ALL. To make it even worse, the chicken was breaded and overcooked as if they'd thrown in some leftover chicken from a different dish. Fail. I wish they'd replace PF with a Pei Wei. At least Pei Wei knows how to cook dishes better and for less $. No more takeout for me from this place again.
Is this place a restaurant or a chill club? They have executed both effectively. We came here after beefing up our wine racks, across the parking lot at BevMo. And after standing in from the the menu board at Paradise Bakery and thinking everything on the menu sound bland and boring something fierce. And going to PFC was definitely a wise choice. Lettuce wraps are the way to start any meal here. They are out of this world. I ordered the ma po something-or-other, spicy. Wonderful! And plentiful enough to make two meals. The only thing that would have made it better is if the broccoli was in bite-size pieces. Perhaps that's why we have knives.
We go here quite often and the service and food is always very good. My wife likes to get the dinner for two which includes an appetizer soup dinner and dessert because for $40 deal can't be beat at a place like this.

I would suggest trying the beef with broccoli and sweet and sour soup both of those are my favorites. 

This time I had one of the new salads, The vietnamese one one I believe. It was a lot of salad I don't really recommend this one.
 
Overall a really fun place!
Serving amount of shrimp is a bit skimpy on to go orders.

Also when I order online and pick certain sauces, they NEVER get it right and I have to end up repeating what I had ordered online. Seems very inefficient.
Very good for a chain joint.   The service is usually hit or miss though and mostly miss.  As much as I love Chinese food we usually go to Ah So if given the choice.
Usually when I travel on business I choose to seat at the bar to have dinner. It is less awkward than occupying a table by myself. I've had great service here at the bar, the staff knows their drinks and have always been on point when recommending vegetarian options from the menu. 
Not sure if it is the fact that Phoenix is not as expensive as my other business stops around the country, I found the prices I've paid here very reasonable for the amount of food and drinks consumed.
Plenty of vegetarian options, wonderfully creative drinks, attentive staff and reasonable prices. What's not to like.
Whenever you find yourself in Phoenix, whether on business or otherwise, stop here to nourish yourself. You will not leave disappointed.
One of our favorite places for date night. We always have good service and food. 

The egg rolls were not to my liking, but everything else was excellent. Ordered the Miso Chicken dish, with the Mandarin Key Lime Bar for desert. Usually order the  lettuce wraps and would highly recommend that dish. The excellent service added to the enjoyment of the evening.

It is also nice to know we are supporting an Arizona based restaurant chain.
The food was great. Our Waiter was great. He was a Gentleman with a nice sense of humor. It was happy hour and the restaurant was busy. He busted his hump to serve his tables and never let us down.
This is by FAR my fav. PF Chang's location.  The dining room and bar are a different  lay out than the others.  Way more space in between tables, and better sound deadening materials.  You can actually have a conversation in here when it's crowded. 

The Happy Hour is amazing here $3 and $ dollar food items and great happy hour drinks.  They feature wine beer and mixed drinks , so everybody will be able to find something here. 

On this particular night Jerry was at the bar serving us and he was GREAT.  Never lets your ice tea , water or whatever be empty.  There were 3 of us eating and it was steamed pork dumplings all around.  OMG they are literally the best dumplings in town.  I keep ordering them other places, but they just cant hold a candle to these at PF Chang's.  We also had Orange Peel Chicken and Crispy Green Beans. Everything was excellent and the service was impeccable. 

I'm never disappointed here , food, service and great regulars.  If you are in the north valley and just need a bite or need to wait out the traffic or whatever its a great place to hang out.
The cucumbers with sesame seeds were really good. I had the new winter menu firecracker chicken which I really enjoyed. I asked for a spicy noodle as a side instead of rice. I really liked what they brought out, just spicy enough. My friend also ordered from the new menu. She had the red wine beef and she asked it to not be spicy, which they did perfectly. Chocolate cake to wrap it up which was tasty. Doggy bags for sure! The staff are always so nice and helpful.
Vote for Pedro! My waiter was awesome! We had the dinner for 2 with scallops and Mongolian beef. Omg! Scallops burst in my mouth. Thanks Pedro for an awesome lunch!!!!
After living in America for 4 years, I finally got to go and eat at PF Chang's. I was very excited and surprised by the modern decor and ambiance. We were a party of three and got seated after a short five minute wait. 

We quickly agreed on sharing the chicken spring roll appetizer, which was an excellent choice and the perfect starter to share. The sauces that come with the dish are all very tasty, my favorite was the horse radish sauce.

Then we ordered three meals family style: the Korean bbq chicken, the glazed shrimp, and a beef and vegetable dish. I wasn't impressed by the Korean bbq chicken and mainly because it had nothing to do with Korean bbq. The chicken pieces were battered and fried and there was no Korean taste in the dish. Don't give me wrong, it wasn't bad, but they should call it something else to avoid confusion. 

The shrimp and the beef dish were really good, but I feel like nothing really tasted authentic. If you go there, you probably do so for the vibe and to pay a little more, and not to eat authentic food, so set your expectations accordingly. 

I still really enjoyed myself and will probably be back for a more fancier Asian meal experience.
Service was fantastic.  I ordered a hodge podge since it was happy hour specials.  I got the wonton soup, calamari, and steamed pork rolls, and we shared crab wontons.  The crab wontons were good, and the sauce was really good.  The steamed rolls were very good too.  The calamari was rubbery and lacked seasoning.  The wonton soup is decent.
We happened to be in town and had a gift card for PF Chang's so we decided to have dinner here. It was Mother's Day and the wait time for a table was an hour. We needed to catch a flight and they offered immediate seating at the bar even with our daughter who is a minor.  We had dinner and non alcoholic beverages which were excellent.  The bartenders provided excellent and friendly service.  We ordered my favorite chicken lettuce wraps, lo mein, ma po tofu, and tuna tataki. Food was served quickly and everything was delicious.  There was a lot of food left however we were unable to take it since we were traveling.  We were able to enjoy our meal and make it to the airport in plenty of time.  We have dined at other PF Chang's locations and will continue to do so in the future.
This location was a let down from any other PF's I been too. The orange chicken looked and tasted like it had been under a heat lamp for days. The salmon was flavorless and asparagus soggy. I felt like I put my money right into the toilet, grabbed a swish stick, and watched it go down. If the food was what I'm used to from other locations the following would not be so much a problem, this location is the size of postage stamp. Poor outdoor area and very cramped inside. Makes for a loud environment that kills any ambiance.
There are some entrees that the restaurant chain P.F.Changs does well, and it does them consistently well across multiple locations. They have a few signature dishes like the Pepper Steak, Dali Chicken, Singapore Street Noodles, Grilled Salmon, etc. that are good and they taste the same no matter at what location you eat. About once or twice every year, the restaurant comes up with a seasonal menu and usually most of the items on that menu are good.

There is really nothing in the menu that makes you love or hate a restaurant chain like P.F.Changs since chains like these usually come to the rescue when you at a new location or just too tired to venture out and try something new. It is for this reason alone and for its consistent food quality that I like P.F.Changs.
Hit and miss menu options.  Always enjoy the hot sour soup and Kung Pao Scallops and Shrimp.  Edgy atmosphere and cool bathrooms if you have the urge.

Used to be a unique dining experience but now food is predictable and unspectacular.
Worst service I have had in a long time. This place has really gone down hill. We were there for two hours. We placed our order as soon as we sat down and it took forever. Waiter didn't refill my drink one time. Took around 20,min to pay credit card machine was down. I felt like I was in red robin about 100 kids in there. Overpriced crappy service played out restaurant. Waiter came by table one time. Joke for nice place. I rather go to olive garden and get good service.
HORRIBLE stay away from this place, service is terrible.  Walked in and stood there for five minutes, a rude girl comes to the front and says HOLD ON, answers the phone, then looks at me like what are you doing here, so I ask for the table, she walks us there, some credit the server was ok, however a runner, some kid, brought the food and literally slammed each plate on our table and stomped off.  The server never came by again until the end of the meal.  The manager never stopped by and disappeared.  AWFUL SERVICE.
I have dined here many times since I live nearby but no more.   The first thing you notice about this place when you walk in are dirty tables.   I don't know if they don't hire bus people but the place always looks filthy.   Second, the food is always EXTREMELY greasy.   They are way too heavy handed with the oils when they cook.   I always have a stomach ache when leaving.   The beef is so chewy you have to spit out half your meal since it is inedible.  Third, service is awful.   Non attentive and they don't know the menu too well.   When you ask a server a question about a specific food item they never know the answer.  Management rude.   I signed up to be on the e-mail list.  They sent me a promotional coupon which I used.  About three weeks later they sent another coupon.   I tried to use that one but the manager told me I already used it.   Why would they send me out another coupon if I already used it?  Especially three weeks later?   I cannot recommend this place.
We have eaten here several times and never really had a bad experience. The setting is quiet and relaxing. I have never been disappointed with anything we have ordered and yes....they have sake bombers!

My favorite order is the starting with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps fallowed by the Shrimp with Lobster sauce. Just writing it makes my mouth water. If that doesn't sound like you thing, no worries. They have a very full menu and like I said, I have never been disappointed with anything else we have ordered.

If you have never been you need to go. I know some people try to stay away from chain food restaurants because they think they aren't as good as mom and pop places. I am telling you that this is not a chain food restaurant that disappoints.
In Surprise this is probably the best Chinese offering which isnt saying a whole lot. I really wish there was an awesome offering out there in terms of Chinese food.. Mexican food, oh yeah, some very good places mostly but Asian, youre better off staying at home and cooking. 

We ordered the Asian Chicken Salad, chicken was old and had that old gross fridge taste.. Dan Dan Noodle, the noodles were over cooked and stuck together as one large soggy noodle.. Curry with Tofu, the curry had a weird perfume taste.. the honey chicken was pretty good as well as the hot and sour soup though neither made for good leftovers. 

With Surprise having so many chains it wasnt surprising to see one of these finally opening up.. a far better choice than Panda Express.. kind of sad, huh?
The vegetarian options are pretty good, especially if you like tofu. The restaurant was out of napkins the last time I was there and the staff was friendly. I would recommend the take-out option versus dining in though.
I'm not saying Pei Wei is the best asian food I've ever tasted, far from it, it's a fairly large chain that puts on the appearance of something more refined, it's essentially to Asian food what Olive Garden is to Italian Food.

With that said I've always had pretty good experiences with Pei Wei, the food although not spectacular is better than some of the overcooked chicken drowning in MSG offered by some of the local chinese restaurants.  the portions are good sized, the food is generally consistent, and the prices are really reasonable considering this is a corporate chain in some cases cheaper than the local establishments. or dare I say it's name "panda express" (which is overpriced crap)

the time before last that I went they forgot the tomato's and the dressing for an asian chopped chicken salad that my wife ordered, I didn't discover that the dressing was missing until I got home, I immediately called the restaurant and was speaking to a manager within 30 seconds. The manager apologized and asked me If I would like to come back to the restaurant or if he could have my address so he could send me a gift certificate. I decided to go back to the restaurant, when I got the restaurant I told the person at the counter my name and they already had a bag set aside for me, the manager came over and explained to me there was another full salad in the bag, and he put additional dressing for the salad we already had, and additionally he gave me a coupon for free lettuce wraps.(which mental note: I need to use)

I must say I was impressed with this manager, and it was refreshing after being in situations where a manager has taken back the bag/plate and essentially "un-F$@k's" your food and returns it to you.

Overall great customer service, consistent food, and a good option for takeout in surprise.
Pei Wei is a fast, easy, cheaper PF Chang's - and that's what makes it great! If you like the tofu dishes at PF Chang's, you'll love Pei Wei. The food here is great. The service is exceptional. And the portions are huge! I usually end up taking about half the food home with me. Also, compared to other lunch spots near by (like Paradise Bakery), it's really not all that busy. Of course, it's not authentic Asian food, but you shouldn't be expecting that when you come here anyway.
Food is good and consistent and the service is always great. I've never dined in, but get take-out fairly often. I love being able to just say "same as last time" when I call it in. Not as good as PF Changs, but certainly better than most other Asian-ish places in Surprise. Be aware that they use shitake mushrooms is almost everything, but they are fine with custom orders if you don't want them. All in all, it's not my favorite place, but I always enjoy it every time.
Very tasty Chinese food!  The prices are reasonable and serving sizes are generous.  I really enjoyed the Mongolian Beef!

Dont forget to grab a fortune cookie from the bowl on your way out!
Typical big business chinese place. Slightly fancy but very average food. Kinda like a fast food place.... you walk up and order then get your own drinks etc. Portions are very small. Prices are higher than average.

They offer a few different vegetarian options but it all tastes pretty bad

do yourself a favor and also support a local business and eat at big buddha around the corner. Its much better food
I really don't understand how anyone can eat the food from here.  Granted, I am Chinese and enjoy authentic food, however I like good Chinese American food.  For someone who usually doesn't leave food on her plate unless it is really bad, I could not finish my meal because it was tasteless and below average.
Came here with my friend today cause we were starving and decide to go whichever next place we saw. And we were very surprised at how pretty the inside of the restaurant looked. The decor was amazing. I ordered the Japanese teryaki bowl vegetarian style and it was amazing. I loved the tofu and the brown rice and the veggies. My friend ordered the lo mein and she loved it. We didn't finish due to the fact that the portions are huge. (we didn't know it was a like share the bowl type of place, and when we figured it out we didn't do it because hers had meat). But overall this place was amazing. The employees are very very nice! And this place is vivid and just amazing. WAY better than panda express. I will definately come here again, and recomend it to everyone!!!
Found this the other night.  It is the PF Chang fast food option and it worked perfectly for us.  Limited menu, but lower prices. Very basic decor, but clean and fast seating.  Lettuce Wraps just as good as Chang's.  Very busy, especially the take out.  Glad to have it close
Very consistent food. Definitely a second best to P.F. Chang's.
All around great flavor and portions. Perfect for take-out always consistent the fam eats here about three times a month never had a bad meal.
I ordered the teriyaki bowl and it was great food for the price.  Quite impressed by the variety of options on the menu. Not sure if this location was the one I tried.
Closed :-( and still has the new sign up. 
Sad to see it go.
I had the garlic ginger broccoli chicken and it was not very good. The broccoli was hardly cooked and the sauce was way to sweet. Everything else was great. I will give them a few more tries before I write them off as another crappy Asian restaurant in Surprise.
1st! Place is not closed. There was an issue with legal workers in the franchise chain. Now they are back! Food is one of the best! Especially their chicken mango! Daughter is a huge PF Chang fan, so she loves this place also! Her favorite is their Mongolian beef, and noodles! They are always coming up with something new, so you may have to try them more then a few times.
Service is a 4  . Very sloppy also the hot and sour soup aint that  bad if u add enough chile paste and salt and soy sauce the gentleman named pop he is the manager great service from him and this other lady did not get her name unfortunetly  I've changed my rating 2 times that's how impressed I am
Me and my wife tried this place for the first time yesterday.... what a mistake!
I had the Pad Thai with shrimp and steak, it was horrible!!!! the steak tasted like leather, the shrimp tasted like rubber balls of bland white fish. I will not go back, my wife's meal was horrid also...

An off night? don't know, but if it tastes like this all the time, they will not be in business much longer...
Guaranteed!!
What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei.  When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down.  Glad to move back and see it open.  

Take out rocks, call ahead.  They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you.  They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch.  I think I eat there too much! 

The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine.  Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke.  Wish they had some filter system.  Otherwise, I could eat here daily.  Find me here at least once a week! :)
I love Pei Wei since it's just a bit more affordable than PF Changs.

This is the first restaurant in the chain where I found patrons tipping the servers. Although I don't mind leaving a dollar when it's due I find it hard to do when they don't do very much, especially since it's more of a counter service experience.
This is pretty good. My wife and I usually split lettuce wraps and an entree of some sort. It's convenient to be able to order take out online. Overall, if I'm really in the mood for chinese food I'm going to make the drive a little further out to Big Buddha on Greenway and the 303, but this is a good substitute as it's about 1 minute from my house.
We use them to cater family get-togethers. Love the vegetarian dishes, especially the baked tofu- yum!  The Mongolian beef is a favorite with family.  When we dine in we always get the lettuce wrap.
1st visit had the lo mein...delish!  
2nd visit had the teriyaki...fine if you like salt.  Ick!
Great for catering family get togethers at Grandmothers place. We usually get 3 to 4 trays for 12 people.
45 minute wait for a take out order. Tried calling it in, but now I see why it didn't work. Even the manager is ignoring the phone.
I love the lettuce wraps here. They are simply the best.  I order carry out often from here. I occasionally dine in.  My problem with the dinning in is the seating. It is always difficult to find a seat.  The place really needs to expand.  If you have a party of more than 4 most days you can hang it up.  Other than the seating I like it. Large portions of rice and noodles.  A little stingy on the meat.
Took the family there last week.  Ordered fried wontons, sweet and sour beef, Mongolian beef, honey crusted chicken and pad Thai noodles.  

The Mongolian beef was delicious, however the white rice was undercooked, some of the rice was hard still and crunchy.

Honey crusted chicken also quite good, same story with the rice.  Same thing with the sweet and sour beef.

Ordered the Pad Thai without peanuts... Son is allergic to peanuts so we made it very clear we didn't want anything with nuts.  They deliver the pad Thai with peanuts all over the top.  Sent it back and they fixed it.

They brought us spring rolls which we did not order.  We said they were not ours we ordered wontons.  They bring us the wontons a few minutes later.  The wontons are less expensive than the spring rolls, we point that our to the guy at the register and with a bit of smart-alecky-ness says that he "let us keep the spring rolls" and "didn't charge is for all of our drinks" as if he did us a favor.

Overall the food was decent, the rice was terrible and the attitude of the cashier was not what I expected with a $65 food order!!

I wouldn't go back for that price and food quality but perhaps we caught them on a bad day..
Definitely not a fan. Coming from Orange County, CA, I have high expectations when it comes to Asian food.  Suffice to say that Panda Express would have been a better choice, which is pretty sad.
The food was fantastic! I highly recommend  the lettuce wraps.
Stopped in for a last minute dinner and was very disappointed. I ordered the broccoli/chicken and when it came it was floating in soy sauce. It looked more like a soup bowl rather than the entree it was supposed to be.  The manager was very kind and had the dish remade but by that time, my husband had finished his dinner and dinner was ruined. I doubt that I would return.
Great service and food. Manager runs a tight ship. Happy customer!
Same consistent quality and service, just like locations in ca, San Marcos and others.

Good for group of 8.

Prices are reasonable, you can order a few items and try it all, family style.
Prices $8 to $15 range.
I love how convenient the location is. It's right near stores and other restaurants, as well as neighborhoods. The food is outstanding and the prices are reasonable. I would love to eat here again!
Wife and I went last week and we should go more often. Sat at the counter watching the Cooks perform their magic, and they are very friendly...Started with the Pork Egg Rolls, a bit overpriced and not enough veggies in the roll... Wife had the Chicken Teriyaki with noodles... Tasted hers and it was very good.. I had the new Thai Lime Chile Beef with brown rice... I could eat there everyday.. O.K. maybe twice a day! The quality is great, P.F.CHANG GOOD!
If I could give no stars I would. My family placed an order to be picked up and were told to be there at 7:20. We get there and I sit waiting for the food until 8! Nobody acted like it was a big deal when I told them and just said "oh.... Well we are running behind." Um okay?! We get home and they forgot to put the crab puffs in my bag. Didn't bother going back and moved on to our meals. My honey glazed chicken was average, edible. My husbands sweet and sour chicken was so soggy it was disgusting! Couldn't even eat it. My daughter loves fried rice and wouldn't even eat hers, it was so greasy. We all ended up eating PB&J's and it was 100x better than anything we brought home.
Everything was good except Thai chicken wraps. Too much cilantro, absolute overkill. I think long stems is just yucky, cut them off!! Korean beef was ok but just missed the flavor I'm used to in this dish. Service is always spot on.
Awful service and average food. Ordered two dinners and two apps. They brought 1 app, 4 minutes later brought 1 dinner, after another 3 minutes they brought the other dinner. When I asked the server when my other app was coming he said "I don't know what he is doing back there". 
So I asked the cooks what's up and they had not even started it. 5 minutes later it came and the manger didn't say a word when dropping it off.
Food was average.
I really like Pei Wei. Healthy ingredients. Great service! Really appreciate their current manager, he does a great job. I usually get my orders to go. I customize their teriyaki bowl to make it gluten free. Every once in a rare while the veggies on the dish has a hint of their teriyaki sauce and it has to be remade. Maybe 4 times in over 5 years. I wish they cooked with something other than soy oil. One of their oils actually does contain gluten so you have to be careful.
Wildly popular Sushi Roku is now in Scottsdale at the W Hotel.  It's atmosphere is ornate and blends organic textures setting the stage for 
freshly-prepared sushi and sashimi fare. 

The food goes beyond the expected and blends ingredients such as jalapeo peppers into more traditional Asian fare giving a unique touch to every dish. The bar serves up some wild concoctions that will surely cure what ails you, and there's a good selection of saks and a creative wine list. 


Since I went to Sushi Roku last night without a reservation, my friend and I ponied up to the bar. We were greeted by a team of very knowledgeable and service oriented bartenders. Dylon offered some fantastic food recommendations. Oh, and ladies...he's total eye candy! He was very attentive and took care of us even as the bar got busier. 

Stephani cured my ailments with one of the most unique and delish martini's I've had in a long time! It was the Passion & Spice martini. It's made w/ Skyy Passion vodka, muddled jalapeno, orange juice and some other secret "sauces"!  Its sweet (but not overly sweet) w/ a slightly spicy finish. If I had a tail it would be wagging over this drink!  My friend had the Strawberry Fizz martini created with muddled fresh strawberries. Very summertime!! Caution: these drinks go down easy!  

The edamame hummus appetizer is refreshingly unique. It's made with black edamame and the beans are only vaguely darker, yet sweeter than the familiar green.  Their creamy, buttery texture easily adopts the flavor and spices of traditional chickpea hummus. It's served with 3 dipping chip varieties: fried won ton, lotus and sweet potato. Yum-O! 

I also indulged in the Filet Mignon wrapped jumbo asparagus w/ Soy Mirin Sauce (served tapas style) and the mixed veggie tempura.  The flavors were perfect and the drinks compliment these creative dishes. 

With it's critically acclaimed Modern Japanese fare and Zen-like atmosphere, Sushi Roku will be a favorite among both locals and visitors.
So the long awaited W has finally opened its doors and so too has Sushi Roku! 
My "date" and I stroll in Monday evening and because it had just opened 3 days earlier I was expecting it to be much more crowded then it was. But that was OK. 
The whole atmosphere of the restaurant was perfect; dark and sexy until they sat us next to the sushi bar where some type of refrigeration unit was running. I could barely even hear the waitress when she came to our table. She did happily seat us at a table further away from what ever that thing was. 
They had a great cocktail list. I had a drink called the fusion which was the perfect blend of berries, watermelon and vodka. It was not overly sweet. They can make a mean dirty Grey goose vodka as well. 
The tofu appetizer was to die for, for those that are tofu fanatics. They make their own tofu in house and serve it with truffles, caviar and green onion. Heavenly! The yellow tail appetizer was also good but you can find the same at alot of other sushi places around town. 
Now for the Sashimi. Their pieces we cut quite a bit larger than most sushi places but also not cut through all the way so you end up with a huge hunk of fish. We did mention it to the waitress. We also thought the sashimi was not the freshest around. We felt like splashing some water on it to bring it to life! Same goes with the ginger, it appeared freeze dried! 
The roll I ordered was one of the best I've had though. It was called something like the Samir. Avocado and spicy tuna rolled in shrimp with rice paper, cilantro and some "hot sauce". Yum-E. It melted in my mouth and did not fall apart between my chop sticks! Impressive! 
So overall, I will definitely be visiting this place again. Maybe not for the sashimi but everything else was top par!!
My relationship with Sushi Roku is a love hate thing, from beginning to end. I went with a group of 7 friends on opening day and we were able to get a reservation simply based on our positions at various hotels around the valley, and saw a 30 minute wait after our 8:30PM reservation, which was ok seeing as they squoze us in. When I pulled up, I was amazed at all the vehicles in the valet lot, so I kept driving and parked around the corner. The place made me feel small from the beginning!

The entire space is beautiful and very well done. It's hip, yet upscale, and a very fun atmosphere. The servers are very friendly even though some of them are not fully trained in the restaurant. The food I had was delicous. Tuna on fried brown rice cake was delicious, as was the salmon and toro sushi. The yakatori sticks were very bland and almost seemed as though they were done with a greek seasoning, rather than a sweet Japanese. The food did come out quickly, even on a day when the place was packed way over capacity. Drinks, however, were not so quick. I had 2 greyhounds @ 14 each and I swear neither of them had any alcohol in them and have heard similar grumblings from others as well. I have to assume their bartenders have previous experience from other places, but it didn't seem as such. I heard a LOT of smashed glasses as well. The whole night seemed like a mess for them.

The restrooms were very cool, if not a bit confusing. They told me to go in through the door to the restrooms and I saw a lot of women standing around and figured I was headed for the womens room. But infact the men and women share the communal sinks and waiting areas, but have their own bathroom area, which was different. I feel the atmosphere was definitely typical Scottsdale but a little different in some areas where it was obvoius they put some neat touches in it. 

I had one major gripe with the place, a little out of the restaurants control, was the overzealous attitude of their loss prevention department. These guys thought they were professional bouncers at Las Vegas night clubs.  We had been going back and forth between the restaurant and the lobby all night with no problems. At one point a big black guy said I cant come in, and this was after my whole party just went in front of me. I said "look count chocula, I've been in here all night, and all of my friends just walked by you. Don't stand there and tell me your hands are tied or you are over capicaty or something like that, because I know it is bs. I'm going past you." His co-worker came over and told him to let me in. The guy would have beat  me into the ground if he had wanted to but it worked out. 

They need to get their security department going in a proper fashion, and work on the bar quite a bit, and the place will be a real winner. I'm sure that it will come with time, so I'm giving it 4 stars under the assumption that it is going to improve in time.
I went to Sushi Roku for lunch one day in LA and wasn't a big fan.  Since they opened in Scottsdale though and I love sushi, I thought I would give it another try.  It was only the second weekend they have been open so considering we had to wait an hour for our reservation wasn't so bad because the whole world seemed to be there so talking to everyone made the time pass quickly.  I didn't even think I was in Scottsdale.  Just watching the crowded scene at Sushi Roku and the W Hotel was enough to keep anyone occupied.  They offered us the sushi bar at one point but we opted to wait for a table since it was more of where the action seemed to be.  We got our table and instantly started eating because 1. The table sitting next to us starting sharing their sweet potato chips with us and 2. They brought us edamame without us even ordering it (that scores huge with me)!  At this point since we had waited for a while we weren't starving so we ordered the baked lobster roll and the yellowtail sashimi with diced chilies.  I was hesitant about ordering the lobster roll because I thought it would be heavy and it was actually the opposite - very light.  The yellowtail was so unbelievable I could eat it everyday, all day.  Now the table on the other side of us starting sharing their filet mignon wrapped in asparagus which was very tasty.  They also started pouring us their sake as well which was great!  The ahi tuna carpaccio arrived compliments of the owner as well as a dessert.  All of the desserts sounded so good we told our waitress to surprise us.  She brought some type of egg rolls with ice cream but we were too full to eat them so we reciprocated and gave them to the table next to us.  Our waitress for a new restaurant was perfect.  She was nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  The owner came to sit with us as we were finishing up and was asking ideas of where to possibly open a Boa Steakhouse (also one of LA's amazing restaurants that Innovative Dining Group owns).  I was so excited and told him that Scottsdale Quarter would be the perfect place for Boa.  Now we started our venture to the W Hotel Pool Bar.  To be able to describe all of this would definitely need its own review.  It was a little chaotic at first (with the line, etc - but we ended up only having to wait five minutes), but it turned out to be such a fun night.  I can't wait to go back and hope it stays this way for a while (not because it just opened).   It was fun running into so many people there as well all in a new atmosphere which was very cool.  I loved the pool!  I'll leave it at that and let Gabi write more on this since I wrote about Sushi Roku :)
I wanted so badly to hate this place. You have no idea. 

And this doesn't come from a place of hate in my heart. I don't hate "Scottsdale." The concept. The place. Or the people.

Ani Di Franco says "If I were you, you're exactly who I'd be..."

So if I was both a city and an undeniable DB (which are equally possible coexisting phenomena considering my paunch and treatment of other humans at large), I could indeed be Scottsdale. I could represent everything about it. 

But instead, some rich ladies and gentlemen, developers and career hype-hawkers no doubt, decided to build a representation on Camelback Rd so I could go on just being me, Dally G. Scottlas, Atlas' retard cousin, I am not. No, I did not just use that word.  

But, as I said, I don't hate it. I do hate hype. I do hate, kind of with all my heart, the fucking dumb asses who stand in line for video game systems, 
Starwars movies, and iPhones. So the 2000+ people who showed up at the pool at the W this weekend are the unjustifiably more socially acceptable versions of the 3 week line-standing uberdorks. I know I'm making a lot of friends here.  

So when I arrived at Sushi Roku for a "press junket," I was like, I already hate this place. Just because I'm a judgmental asshole. And I wasn't greeted by a TOTAL FUCKING TOOL. By that I mean, some fucking asshole in a horrible, horrible tie who later introduced himself as an assistant GM, would not fucking acknowledge my presence as I'm leaning on the podium. Dude, the people at the front are more important than the famous chefs and stingray skin place settings! Get a fucking clue douche-nozzle! ARG! It wasn't until the main attraction arrived and took the bull by the horns that we were able to break into his extraordinarily minuscule external sphere of recognition or comprehension. 

Ok, so I have no idea what a press junket is... But I'm calling it that because it makes me sound like a pimp. And I need more of that in my life. But it was a night for press people from around town to come and check it out and get everything comped and interact superficially because they all seem to hate/judge each other. Who can blame them, really. 

And it was fucking marvelous. I loved the place. As a vegetarian on a meaty night, they hooked my skanky ass up. I had a breath-taking eggplant dish. Some tofu variety platter that would probably be about $15 I imagine, which was good but I would have to know the price before I could recommend it. I had a mushroom tofu steak and a fairly delish dessert. It was all very good. The seaweed salad was good but loud. Yes, very loud in my head. Our waiter, while it seemed that he had never worked in the service industry before, was genuinely nice and totally helpful with my surely annoying veggieness. 

We got a pseudo sneak peek of the pool area during a party that was going on. I didn't quite understand why it was so hush hush when there was already a huge party going on but whatever. The place is fucking rad. Bring a date there. Expect him/her to put out. Not because he'll/she'll feel obligated but because everything is sexier there. It's just totally amazing. 

The people walking around the rest property were as snobby as you'd expect and yes, they are judging you. But everyone should check this place out once. 

I guess this is sort of a review of my experience at the W as well. You'll probably live. Check it out.
This one is hard. The whole place is conflicted between excellence and douchetasticness.

THE GOOD (aka: the food)
If you've been to another Roku, or even a Nobu, the menu will look familiar, as will the prices.

The sushi selection was pretty deep, with a good specials list, and lots of options. All the fish was very fresh, and as good as you can get in Phoenix, unless you're a regular somewhere else and get the special stuff. My benchmark for this is 'saba'. Usually, if you're not a regular somewhere, you get the dried out, pickled-herring tasting stuff. But Roku sent out the good stuff. Moist and delicious.

The sushi rice was excellent. Some of the portions were a bit awkward, with the rice ball minimized maybe to make the top portion seem larger...? But very good. I would sit at the bar next time.

The hot and cold plates were of the standard "inventive new japanese" type, but very well executed.


THE OKAY (aka: the bar)
Decent selection of beers and sake. Some frou frou specialty cocktails. But if you can't make a Vodka Tonic, you're fired. That wasn't tonic. Sent it back, came back again. Not tonic. 1 of 3 things going on here:

1) waitress screwed up twice (doubtful, she seemed competent and sober)
2) bartender screwed up twice
3) tonic is on tap, and tap was screwed up and only delivering carbonation and no syrup. if so, the bartender isn't checking the taps - see #2 above.

I like a Vodka Soda too, so I let it slide and didn't send it back again.


THE UGLY (aka: the overal l experience)
Normally, a W hotel is a chill spot in every city. You can count on upscale and relatively low key business/pleasure travelers, great service. Cool vibe. But I'm afraid this W will be plagued by the same velvet rope bullshit that haunted the James and Mondrian when they first opened. 

We scurried through the lobby and were greeted by a nicely scripted hostess (who knew how to work the reservations system), and an Atlantic City magician in a Sushi Roku host's suit (who didn't know how to work the reservations system). Guido act in full effect. At least he didn't punch us in the face or anything. Probably not fair to judge him. I'm sorry. He's probably a nice guy, but the demeanor doesn't fit the place. I would be floored if he could point to Japan on a map. Or if he punched me in the face.

The decor is very upscale, modern and generally over-the-top, but well done.

Then as we get escorted in...
Host bellows a Jersey Shore approximation of "Irrasshai!", to which all 3000 or so staff bellow back "IRRASSHAI!!!" This happens EVERY FUCKING TIME a new party is seated. The only thing louder was the table of seemingly underage rich kids getting hammered for someone's 19th birthday. "We're bombin, dude!" I think "bombin" means ruining both your sake and beer by mixing them in the same glass. The table was out of control and acted like they were at a Super Sweet 16, but were not approached by mgmt, as far as we could see. 

Elsewhere, cougars on the prowl. Some horrified rich people. And some troubled foodies.


OVERALL
The food was very good . The experience was pretty cheesy. Some of the staff must find it hard not to chuckle when they're trying to prepare and serve A+ dishes. They need to tone it down to keep a return business. The sake bomber crowd isn't gonna keep coming back at $100/head, and fine diners don't want their conversations (and even thoughts) drowned out by Vegas theatrics, unnecessary "security" and obnoxious guests. The servers are very young and inexperienced, and still in script mode. They need to be able to read when a table doesn't need to be taught about a menu. But I imagine the ones who make it will relax and hit a groove if management lets them.

We'll head back to the bar on a week night, as far away from the "show" as possible, and enjoy some sushi.
I have died and gone to sushi heaven!  The irony is I happened to eat sushi earlier today at a different restaurant, and Sushi Roku's same dish, just blew the other place's right out of the water!  OMG!  

Add excellent food (the prices were definitely a bit higher than other sushi places- but still the flavor and quality were tangible things you can actually TASTE), excellent service (Angela was a complete doll!- and the GM Seth rocks!), and fresh and fab decor, and you have a winner!

Mark my words, this will be THE place to be seen for quite some time to come.  

On a side note, I also liked the trendy-ness (and yet very approachable and friendly nature) of the hotel in general.  Everyone was super cool and welcoming to my friend and I.....although it doesn't hurt that she is smokin' hot and we are both super friendly and nice!  But it did appear that EVERYONE was greeted and served graciously.

The fillet appetizer (wrapped around asparagus) was divine!  The spicy tuna rolls literally melt in your mouth, and the soft crab rolls are a little slice of heaven.  

Be sure to look your best and have fun people watching while enjoying a great meal!  (But save up, 'cause it ain't cheep!)  BTW, we went on a Thurs, and it was pretty packed.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!!

Warmest wishes,

Kirin :)
Delish!

Well, this super cool spot was my favorite sushi spot in LA, CA and now they have graced Scottsdale!  I would compare it to Asia De Cuba (but better - not trying that hard) and decor blows ADC away! 

Very hip and not too crowded (yet).  Hope it can keep a trendy feel (while still remaining sophisticated).  All sushi rolls were great and loved the Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus (very tiny, but tasty) Loved banana desert & signature cocktails.

The decor is amazing.  Upstairs bar with pool is pure eye candy.  Love the red shades.  A back drop for a great night out for sure.

Service was AMAZING.  Hostess was friendly and professional, GM came to our table - very cool and nice.  Waitress rocked - what more can I say?  LOVED IT!  Going back again tonight!
Sushi Roku (and the adjoining Scottsdale W Hotel) is the type of place that you either love or hate. It's a total scene, with well dressed, beautiful people jockeying for position and pulling every string they can to bypass the line, get seated immediately, etc. etc. So, my advice to people is to know what you're getting into.....go with the right mindset....and enjoy yourself, because it's quite a show! 

There are two different atmospheres to Roku, so you DO have a choice. The main dining room is fun, loud, and buzzing with activity. This is where all the action is. The only thing is, don't anticipate a deep, meaningful conversation with your dining companions. Yell some small talk, sip your drink, and enjoy the food!

The upstairs open patio is another story. While it definitely doesn't have the buzz of the main room, it is filled with large booths and tables, overlooking the W's pool deck. This is a MUCH more tranquil experience, allowing you to enjoy your conversation without straining or yelling. 

The food is very good. And, for what they charge, it should be. It took me back to the couple of times I've been to Nobu........some of the best sushi I've ever had......some of the largest dinner tabs I've ever had, as well. 

The appetizer selection is large and there are daily specials. On our last trip we tried a Tuna Tartar special, as well as their "Hanabi" Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice Cakes. Both are excellent. For dinner, we stuck to rolls, focusing on items such as Tako Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, and Katana Roll....all involving the adjective "spicy"....what can I say? We like it spicy. 

On a previous visit, some main courses hit the table. The Chilean Sea Bass was excellent, so don't be afraid to order off the Entree Menu if sushi isn't your thing. 

Lastly, the service is wonderful. We've been twice and everyone has been great to us. You are never left wondering where your server has gone and their GM, Seth, and the other managers are constantly making the rounds and ensuring that everything is to your liking. 

All in all, I'm a fan of Roku. Beautiful setting, beautiful people, and the option of submerging yourself into the scene downstairs, or enjoying a quieter meal on their new patio.
OK, Sushi Roku has, in my opinon the best sushi in the Valley. It was ridiculous. Loved it. I went for happy hour and it was pretty quiet but I wasn't expecting it to be bumpin'. As a matter of fact I was hoping to avoid the snobs and I guess I did. (I hear they show up after 9 pm, FYI). I sat at the bar, enjoyed the edamame hummus and the spicy tuna rolls. The spicy tuna rolls were seriously the best. The service rocked too. Our bartender took great care of us. I'll be back.
5 stars for being open on christmas
-1 for price

As a Jew on christmas, I found myself desperate for some good asian cuisine. Thankfully Sushi Roku was open. Since I was trying to catch a flight, they even let me make reservations 15 minutes before they opened. That alone gives it 5 stars. The sushi was pretty awesome too. I had two rolls (the names of which escape me) and they were pretty damn good. 

I want to give them five stars but the price makes me think I will never go there again. As good as the service was and as good as the rolls were, I can get far better for far cheaper. Sorry guys. After all, I am a jew; what do you expect?
Disappointed. Not as good as the other locations. Visually nice but I can get WAY better product for less and be in a just as a nice location. Not much to say here but that I was disappointed... Do yourself a favor and check out the new Pure Sushi in Old Town Scottsdale. Deseo in the Westin Scottsdale Hotel is good too.
Ok so I'll begin with the bad, cause baby- they ain't much good..... the drinks were not as strong as they should be for $14,(I had 3 of them and was not even buzzing- usually 2 and I ready to rumble) the sushi is great, but again you end up with $20 of it perperson just to have a decent sized dinner and the waitress totally but things on our bill that we didn't order AND the "5 piece" tempura order originally came w 3 pieces. All of this and the 5 oz of  so-so sake was $15. They should be ad they are new to the valley b/c in this  market they'll be a one-off place to go for people who can vacation. Plus this was all on my birthday, so they needed to do better. Plus you pay $8 for valet and they didn,t even pull the car around all the way. Eahhhhhh "at the the sushi was good?" Is not how I wanted to feel when the bill is over $120.
Liked it!  It's in the W hotel and my first trial of this chain.  The decor is great and I loved the large tables.

Sushi quality was very good.  I still prefer Nobu, but this chain is very comparable.  I had the usual mix of what I like: edamame beans, unagi sushi, a sashimi mix, rolls and their rock shrimp.  I first fell in love with rock shrimp at Nobu, and I think Sushi Roku does a very good version of it!  Tasty and good sized potions.  The fish has a nice flavor and texture.  The rolls were good quality - we had a spicy salmon roll (not on the menu but they allowed the subsitution), tuna toro with jalapeno, and a dynamite.

This place is pricey but I was happy with the meal and service and would return.
So I have been hearing all about Sushi Roku for months. Everyone was saying how amazing the food was and how they loved the dcor but they also said it was pretty pricey. So I thought I would check it out myself. What I didn't know until I got there was they have a few different menus. We ended up sitting in the Lounge and everything on the menu was $5. We had the popcorn shrimp tempura, edamame hummus (it was incredible), tuna tataki, spicy tuna roll, and several drinks. It was totally affordable!

They also told us about this Stimulus Menu. It's like $30 a person and you get your choice of appetizer, entre and dessert. Which I think is a great deal. You would spend wayyyy more than that on a regular dinner. So next time we go I'm trying that for sure!
We showed up out of the blue on Valentine's night looking for food. We got a seat at the sushi bar right away, but the place was otherwise packed. I guess we were lucky. We passed on the V-day prix-fixe menu and decided to order as we ate.

Our waitress was visibly perturbed by my wife's order of tap water to drink and vegetable tempura to start. Judging by her expression, she took us for deadbeats; it wasn't offensive but hilarious, we're old enough to be confident in our own opinions of ourselves. Anyway, the vibe at the W was definitely people trying hard to be cool and of-the-moment.

In any event, we struck up a conversation with the chef behind the bar where we were sitting. We initially ordered some basic sashimi dishes, but when I asked the chef for suggestions, he started rattling off a series of custom creations he could make. So we let him do his best, and he turned out a great collection of sashimi dishes, none, at least as far as I could tell, on the menu. 

We had a great meal, and we would definitely return, at least if we didn't live in San Diego.

(The waitress eventually warmed up, probably thawing as she watched us eat through plate after plate of sashimi....)
I've always felt there are two items that are consistent indicators of the overall quality of a sushi restaurant... saba or uni. I took the saba test and Sushi Roku got low marks. The fishier the saba generally the less awesome your sushi meal will be and sure enough, my saba was pretty fishy and the overall meal was edible, but not stellar. 

Granted I was eating sushi in landlocked Scottsdale, so perhaps the joke is on me. Alas I was tired from my travels and was in desperate need of food, so I can't say I thought about my dining decision before going in. 

The interior is pretty sleek (as is the decor of the whole hotel) so I'd say it'd still be a fun spot for a date. Our server was pretty cool too. 

Final word: If you're staying in the hotel, don't feel like branching out, and have no price sensitivity, it's fine.
I've been meaning to go to Sushi Roku for a while now and finally got the chance.

For starters, I'm less about the sushi and more about the fish. Don't get me wrong, I love a good rainbow roll but sashimi is the main event.

I had the chef's sashimi sampler and I have never had fresher fish in Phoenix. The blue fin had a perfectly delicate flavor while melting in my mouth. I'm usually not a huge fan of uni, but it was so fresh, I had to finish every last bite. The blue fin special with truffles (definitely not to be confused with a blue light special, mostly because of the truffles) was the perfect starter.

I was planning on going for a drink and a couple of small appetizers and ended up eating a full meal (I am powerless against the rainbow roll, especially after a few drinks of saki).

The place looks great. It is clean and well designed. The staff was also excellent with just the right amount of attention without being bothersome.

Overall, it was a great dining experience.
OK so where do I start first off the place looks cool and has a really truly awesome assortment of food on the menu. Plenty to choose from including carpoccios which are my fav. 

I ordered the 

tuna carpaccio = the fish was sliced too thick and had what tasted like a salty bottle bought ponzu. Dont order this if you want carpaccio 

Yellowtail carpaccio = delicious sliced thin and had the oils and herbs perfect. A good size too. 

Miso soup = the same as everywhere else 

The Katana roll = dude this thing is freaking amazing but for 16 bucks I dont know soo good though. 

some beef wrapped in asparagus= soo bad I took it back 

Spicy Tuna was over minced like mush 

All in all the meal was good but for 70 bucks I left hungry and pissed 

The waiter was soo weird and creepy. I was there with my gf and a friend and he asked my friend if she was having a rough night, WTF!!! Dont ask a girl if she was having a rough night. Might as well said you look like shit. So weird. 
Oh and the fact he only talked to my gf when he was addressing any of us. Talking to him was like pulling teeth soo damn weird. 


I did go back a second time and had good food and a waitress with a name with like all syllables. I wish I could remember it because she really is the best
Like many restaurants in Scottsdale, this is all style and no substance.  The food is good, but subpar for the prices paid.  I even returned a glass of wine because it simply was not worth the $10.00 cost.  And we did not think the menu was anything special or unique.
Just not a great Sushi Roku location.  The service was okay and the ambience was too - but the food wasn't fabulous and the sushi chef knew very little of the food he was serving.  When sitting at the sushi bar in a 'fine dining' japanese restaurant you kind of expect the chefs to be spot on and knowlegable about the food.  Not the case here.  If you want to spend this kind of money, go to Roka Akur - it's fantastic and worth every penny.
Standard sushi for Phoenix.
My whole night at Sushi Roku was full of "I should have known better...."

I should have known better to not trust the front desk folks at my hotel to make a restaurant recommendation..... should have  trusted YELP

I should have known better that trendy and hip don't always equal quality dinning .... should have consulted YELP 

I should have known better ... when the hostess tells you 30 minutes for the next table and you don't get seated after waiting for a good 45 minutes, its time to get the hell out ..... YELP would have saved me 

I should have known better .... when you're waiting for a table and you see a sea full of empty tables that the restaurant could care less if you are waiting or not ..... god YELP me 

I should have known better when the restaurant never seats you at a table, keeps making up excuses as to why you can't sit down, you find a bug in your drink and they only comp you for part of your bill .... its time to give that place a big YELPIN review

Ok so bottom line ... 
Sushi Roku is a trendy place in Scottsdale, its kind of hip.. but again you're in Scottsdale 

I should have known better and left restaurant after being told it would take 30 minutes to get a table.  But instead I decided to take my chances and that was my bad. 

The saving graces of the night was my dinner party, and the very helpful and wonderful waiter STAN.  Stan allowed me to give Roku an extra star.  

Sum it up:
Roku ain't worth it... move on
Surprisingly I'm going to give 4 stars to Sushi Roku.

Here's why...

Being that it was my first time to this location I was SUPER skeptical because it sits at the W hotel in old town Scottsdale, which is nice but, it's a restaurant, not some hot Sushi/club scene that came here from LA as people portray it to be. 


So I was smart, I went on a Monday night when I knew the affliction and UFC crowd would be to a minimum and the staff could actually concentrate and relax instead of bustling around rushing because of a shouting, rude clientele. 

Not to my surprise the experience was exceptional, the staff was hands down friendly, confident in the chef and on track with recommendations including a delicious pairing with a bottle of chilled sake. 

I opted for the steak wrapped asparagus to begin and the stimulus menu for a main course.

To those who don't know, the stimulus menu is a 3 course meal served for $30.00 where you can choose either "Land" or "Sea" and yes, it's okay to mis-match them too. 

I had the "Land" as my first course which constitutes 3 of the restaurants most popular items, steak, chicken, etc and all were prepared absolutely to spec, well except maybe my steak was a tad cold but meh, everything was going awesome so far so why screw it up by complaining.

The second course however I had the "Sea" version in which 4 different pieces of nigiri are served with 3 different types of roll, also note, you can substitute fish in case you aren't feeling shrimp or whatever they serve you, a total plus. 

Third course is green tea ice cream, always a winner in my book.

To sum it up I'd say this location met my expectations with what I had become accustomed to with the LA locations, I'll be back for sure, just never on a weekend, not in Scottsdale at least.
Good sushi.  Retarded servers and infested with snobby young Scottsdale douche bags.

If i were to go again, I would go before the Snottsdale kids wake up and I would sit at the bar :-)
Mediocre.
I went safe with a spicy tuna cut roll and it looked good but the consistency was like mush.  There was nothing else in there to give it that crunch that makes them so good.  Also, the only thing that looked good in the sushi case was yellowtail and it had excellent consistency but lacked flavor.  The miso soup was too salty at a rip off at $4.  I ate here for convenience only (stayed at the W).  Definitely a skippable experience.
The sushi bar here just rock.  Second and third visit to  Sushi Roku, P made a bee line for the sushi bar.  That made all the difference.  

First time here we sat at a booth and while the food was good, there wasn't anything to make me want to go out of my way to come back.

But the sushi bar just transform the experience.  The sushi chefs are friendly and willing to engage you and what's fresh and good.   I put my trust and their recommendation and left happy and satisfied.
If you like authentic sushi (i.e. not crazy rolls where you can't taste the freshness of the fish), sit at the sushi bar and let the chef know. He'll hook you up with some out of the world food that you won't forget. They have the best selection of fish in town and amazing variety of condiments from Japan, including fresh wasabi root that's grated to order.
The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!
I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of "The Ugly Truth" or "When Harry Met Sally," take your pick.
If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.
I came here for happy hour and everything was amazing. The atmosphere her is sexy and the sushi is so fresh it melts in your mouth. The happy hour specials run from 5-7pm and is a steal for what you get. They have a few appetizers priced at $5 and some more expensive appetizers are half off. Drinks are cheap too just stay away from their specialty drinks they are too sweet. If you like Mikes hard lemonade you'll probably think they're great!
Great place for happy hour - half price on enough things not to need to order anything twice, great setting, nice drinks.  Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.  We'll be back.
Food was decent- nothing that blew us away. Rice on the sushi seemed soggy.  Service was so-so. We felt rushed, timing of food was bad, and staff wasn't as knowledgable on the menu as I would expect for a place that has a lot of hype in this area.
I thought Suski Roku was great.  It is way better than any hotel restaurant I've been to (except David Burke's Primehouse, of course).  

I had edamame, a california roll and a shima roll -- shrimp wrapped spicy tuna w/ cilantro and avocado.  They were both fresh and excellent.  The nice part was that I could see the sushi man actually making them about 25 feet away.  Nice!  I did think they needed more creative sushi rolls but was definitely happy with the two that I had.  

The place looks great.  Nice tables, booths, everything.  A little dark with the lack of lighting but I'm fine with that--I know my dad would have complained about how hard it is to read the menu.  

For hotel guests, I guess they serve non-Asian food here for breakfast and lunch.
I've been here 3 times and it's a lot of hype. FIrst of all the steak restaurant or fine dining atmosphere does not work with a sushi theme. They are trying to be the Nobu of Scottsdale and it comes off as a sushi version of Mortons. No the atmosphere is not sexy; the W hotel is sexy, Sushi Roku is not! The service is definitely rushed and I certainly enjoyed my time more at Stingray than Sushi Roku. I like the variety of the menu but the execution is amateur. The food is good but incredibly overpiced. I certainly have no problem paying 200-300 for a meal but it better be good and honestly the sushi at Stingray, Ra and Kyoto is better than this place. The only nice thing about this restaurant is that it is located in the W. However, don't expect to receive any perks at the W for dining here. It may be connected to it but it doesn't get you upstairs or past the W hotel bouncers in the lounge adjacent to the restaurant.
eh, we went on a tuesday night and the place was pretty dead.  It is a very cool space and after eating at the Vegas location i was excited to try it. it was Ok, nothing spectacular and the service was really spotty (even though they were pretty dead). Our sushi came out before our apps, which was not what we would have preferred and was very strange.  I am sure there are better places for sushi in Scottsdale.
Craving sushi in Phoenix is probably a death wish.  (Sorry Phoenix people, I'm from California where there's sushi galore!)  I couldn't find any decent sushi nearby, and since I was staying near the W, I yelped and found Sushi Roku!! (Thanks again yelpers!)  

We got there in time for happy hour and enjoyed $5 appetizers and discounted rolls.  I had a bellini, my husband had a beer and we had a ton of food to share between us.  Delicious.  A little bit more on the pricey side, but very fresh and tasty.  

It also made me feel better that this restaurant is a sister restaurant to Sushi Roku in Los Angeles (one of my friends' favorite places in LA).  :)

Hmmm...just noticed some yelpers had breakfast here. Ew...sushi for breakfast just sounds kind of wrong!
Last night I went to Sushi Roku with a couple friends. 
We sat at the sushi bar around 8PM where the exec chef took personal care of our dinner orders. We ordered a bottle of chilled sake & some nice wine to compliment dinner. The chef prepared 4 signature dishes (sashimi style mackerel, toro, tuna, belly and $100 p/oz wasabi--not to be mixed with soy sauce!) as well as 6 specialty rolls. The fish was so incredibly fresh and meaty, the pricing was not bad at all. I heard they recently opened for breakfast but forgot to ask for that menu- I do like fish but cannot imagine a sushi omelet... to be determined soon. Service from our server was so-so but the chef's attention surely made up for it. The manager came over and introduced himself which is always a great touch!! I will be back, you can bet on it.
Okay. So they don't have Malibu Rum. But their sparkling sake is the bomb!! Food is okay. But really, are you going for the food... or the party??
Cool place in the W Hotel!  Great atmosphere and great happy hour prices!
Ambiance: 4 stars

I would not come here for the food ever again! I remembered biting into a tempura veggie mix and it had the undercooked taste.  Sushi was very mediocre.  

Awesome, eye candy scene (Cougars galore) but the quality of the food just was not up to par with the rest of the sushi/Japanese community.  And of course, way over priced!
I can't remember when I've actually spit out my food because it was so bad, but that's what happened to me with Sushi Roku's tofu.  I had ordered their "premium homemade tofu" three ways (truffles, caviar and lemon oil, scallions and sesame oil).  The tofu had this sourness that concerned me about its freshness...and then I literally spit out the truffle tofu because it had a rotten taste to it!  Bleh!!  

I wasn't expecting great Japanese food in Phoenix, but I thought Sushi Roku would be a good bet since it's part of a group that has restaurants in SoCal and Vegas.  Wrong bet.

The king crab miso soup tasted like the instant miso soup you buy at the grocery store with old frozen crab stuck in it.  Ironically, I had thought it'd be safer to minimize the sushi since I'm surrounded by desert, but the spicy scallop roll was the one item that was actually wasn't bad - nice chunks of scallops that weren't overly sauced.  

I've had decent sushi/Japanese food in Phoenix before...but it was definitely not at Sushi Roku.  To add insult to injury, they charge high prices for the bad food and slow service.  Thank goodness I didn't get sick after eating that tofu!
As a New Yorker I have a pretty high standard when it comes to sushi. I found Sushi Roku to be a good spot for anyone visiting Scottsdale. The food was great - try the special rolls and the service outstanding. We selected a roll that we didn't like, they were quick to comp us (despite us not asking) and the manager stopped by to check on us. I found this refreshing. Seems like a good spot for groups.
Loved the decor. The "strawberry fizz" drink was delicious and had quite the kick without tasting alcoholic. Also had a taste of the "pear martini" which was a bit sweet for me but my dining partner loved it. The yellowtail carpaccio with peppers was yummy. Had to send back the rock shrimp because it was soggy and weird... ick! Tried some new things for sushi... liked my first taste of kanpachi, the ikura (one of my usual  favorites) was good, nothing special. Also tried uni--- really good! Had tried it once before but it wasn't fresh enough. Basically, you'll pay ridiculous prices but the fish quality is actually good. Mom had the chilean seabass which was pretty good except not cooked all the way through, ick! Service was great and our server was a sweetheart. Wouldn't rush back due to price, but it was still a fun, satisfying dinner with a few hiccups!
Mmmmm, Mmmmmm, Great food.  The popcorn shrimp here are to die for-they leave a wonderful lasting impression.  So does their desert plate...The service was wonderful and quick and attending to us.  Also, we had been lounging at the pool all day and were not looking so sharp but they didn't seem to have a dress code or anything as they were more than welcoming.  It is a bit pricey but i'm not sure you can expect anything less when going to a W Hotel.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a more chic sushi experience, cool atmosphere, doesn't mind paying the extra dollar and enjoys tasty food.
I LOVED this place!  The sushi and sashimi were amazing and the presentation and service were wonderful!  
My husband and I recently went to Sushi Roku on a date while visiting family in the Scottsdale area.  We are quite particular about the flavor and freshness of our sushi, but love to try new places when we get a chance.  We decided to go to Sushi Roku based on a recommendation from a friend who has been there.  We were SO glad we did!  The sushi was so fresh and flavorful and the presentation of the food and the service were just as wonderful. We also loved the atmosphere of the restaurant itself.  We chose to sit outdoors in a booth and the Scottsdale weather and the lighting were just perfect for an evening meal.  
If you love sushi, you should definitely try this place.  We will definitely go back every chance we get.
I will say this, the sushi, once you finally get it is amazing so the two stars is for the sushi only. That is about all the nice things I have to say. 

I was here with a very large party for a friend's birthday. She warned them (and I do mean warned them) in advanced that it was going to be a large party so you would think that we would have maybe 3 or 4 servers for a party of 40. (not kidding on that number either) So the two servers we had were ok. I would usually name them by name, but alas I won't on this occasion because the service wasn't the best. I am not blaming the servers as they not only had our party of 40 but other tables as well. 

Anywho, my gripe is this. For a busy Saturday night, you would think that they would have enough people to handle all of the people that were at this restaurant. The bar was super slow, the sushi bar was well slow. Let's just say everyone else in our party of 40 were almost finished with their sushi by the time myself and another young lady finally got ours. Yes again , it was good, but wow, it took a very long time. We only had three rolls between the two of us. 

So don't got with a party larger than 6 max! I watched other tables with smaller parties get their food and drinks at record speed so size does matter in this situation. If you go, go early before it gets too busy so that you won't wait for your food or your drinks. Oh and it is a little pricey so be warned. I have no problem paying for good food, as long as the service is just as good. Catch my drift?
I was very disappointed in my Sushi Roku experience! Wanted a find a hip sushi spot in Scottsdale for a bachelorette party; my first thought was Stingray but they don't take reservations and I didn't want to chance it with a party of 14, so we made a reservation at Roku.

Our party arrived in high spirits, already several bottles of champagne deep, decked out in bachelorette-party attire. No penis straws or necklaces - we stay classy - but lots beads, sashes, tiaras, etc. We had only one waiter assigned to our party of 14, which would have been fine if he had been more competent. He was slow (apparently both in server speed and intellect), boring and could not have been less friendly. We had to repeat our orders to him several times, he was awkward and strange, and didn't even comment on the fact that we were clearly celebrating a bachelorette party.

The sushi came slowly and sporadically, was "ehhh" at best, and the cocktails were AWFUL. I had to send a couple back to the bar and I was already buzzing so you know they must have been pretty bad.

The place is somewhat expensive too, so save your cash and check out other trendy sushi spots in town like Stingray, Kabuki...even RA is a better bet than this place.
Went here after supper at the Italian place in fashion square wasn't as fulfilling as we had hoped.

First time eating toro and damn, it was worth every penny! We ended up getting a couple orders along with some spicy tuna roll (which was great) and some other sashimi which I failed to find out what it was but still tasty nonetheless. Along with a couple of the large Kirin beers, it was a treat to eat here. Loved it.
Had a blast! Made it a girls night two evenings ago. I made reservations through their website for 9pm on a Saturday night "girls night out!" It was VERY busy so I was glad I had made reservations. We were able to get seated on time, however we waited a while to get our food. There was only one person at the table who ordered Sushi so it is not fair for me to rate the Sushi even though she said it was good. The rest of the table ordered drinks and main entrees. I am not a big meat person more of a veggie lover, though I spilt a  Teriyaki Steak which included Mash Potatoes, Rice and Sauted Veggies. Along with Tempura Vegetables. Everything was great! The quality and quantity was reasonable for an upbeat Scottsdale restaurant. Our waiter was energetic which made it more fun. 

Overall the restaurant was very clean. The staff was well groomed. The scene was hip, young and vibrant.  The bar is small but very packed. Great variety of food selections for those with different food preferences and large selection of beverages. The restaurant is attached to the W hotel so you can mix and mingle in the lounge or upstairs in the patio bar.
Great sushi here probably the best I've had. Now they just started happy hour Sunday to Thursday from 5-close. The happy hour menu has a good variety of rolls, appetizers and drinks for 5 each.
YAWN! this place is horridly expensive and the food is crap... seriously? but i suppose they have to have those prices to pay the decorator bill...
Decided to go with friends and check out their happy hour.  The atmosphere and setting very nice and clean, maybe because there was only two other parties in the restaurant.  The service was great, the waiter was very nice and helpful.  Sushi, I only had the california roll, but they do use real crab, plus their wasbi was really good, soo much better than Stingray, which in my opinion is over priced and not worth, and the rock thing, seriously, I don't know of any Asian that has a rock on their kitchen counter to set their rice spatula at home nor for their chopsticks.  I tried their Kobe sliders, I've had better at Roka.. I think if you are going to the W and the restraurant enjoy the sushi, serivce and maybe the drinks, but everything else, is up to you for review.
I went back to Sushi Roku for another bachelorette party and it was a complete 180 from my last review. They're having a great summer Happy Hour (even on weekends!) and we decided to be decadent and order one of everything. The sushi tasted fresh, the vegetable dishes - green beans, roasted eggplant - were flavorful and well cooked, and all of the meat dishes were great too. The cocktails were much better this time around, and cheaper, thanks to Happy Hour :) 

Our server was very friendly and fun, and even brought a complimentary round of champagne at the end of our meal to celebrate the bachelorette party. Sushi Roku totally won me over this time, I'm glad I gave it another shot.
I've heard good things about Sushi Roku, but I also heard it was quite pricey. That kind of made me hesitant to try it out since there's so many sushi places in Old Town Scottsdale. But last weekend I had dinner there, and it's definitely worth a try. 

The atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant inside a W Resort in Scottsdale. It's hip and trendy. If you hate the Old Town crowd, you may want to avoid this place on a Friday/Saturday night. 

The staff is super friendly. We had to wait a few minutes for our table (even though we had a reservation), so we hit up the bar. The bartender was really good about recommending some of their specialty drinks, and explaining what was in it. When we did get to our table the waiter was really good about guiding us through their menu. 

This place serves a lot more than the standard rolls you find everywhere else. 
We had a Toro and Jalapeno roll. Excellent. Exactly what it sounds like. 
A garden roll. Really good, it had a Mizuna sauce (think spicy mustard) which really enhanced the flavor. 
And a Crunch Spicy Tuna with Avocado. I was a fan, and I'm not usually too thrilled by tempura. 

The fish was all fresh and fantastic. Prices were a little more than most places in the area, but nothing to complain about. I would recommend anyone hit this place up with a group before heading over to the bars and clubs in the area.
Not much of a hang out in Scottsdale person, but we happened to stumble on a Groupon for this place one day.  (And it was an awesome Groupon)  The place had a very nice atmosphere and decor, and we went a little earlier so it wasn't super busy.  I always feel bad for the servers that get those groupons because I know some assholes dont tip very well when bills are discounted, but our server Zach, was upbeat and very helpful in helping us pick out menu items.  The quality of the fish was excellent.  The spicy tuna on the rice cake thing was soooooooo good.  This place is definitely pricey, but if you can afford it, its definitely worth it.
We were looking for a good sushi happy hour in Phoenix and decided to try Sushi Roku - it did not disappoint!  Walked into the restaurant at 7:30 and it was busy, but not crowded.  Patrons ranged from a group of business associates to an 18th birthday party.  

To partake in the specials, we sat in the bar area.  Our server was extremely pleasant and attentive throughout the evening.  We started with the Sushi Roku vodka drink special, a Kirin and a cold sake.  ($3 for sake and $4 for the vodka)  Sake was unfiltered and slightly sweet - we really enjoyed it.  Could have done without the vodka drink, which was way too sweet and seemed nearly non-alcoholic.  Moving onto the food... we ordered the miso eggplant, which for $3 was delicious and a steal.  Also tried the spicy yellowtail roll (average), tuna tartare (slightly below average - was practically minced and not well seasoned) and the Kobe meatballs (great).

Walked out with around a $40 tab and very pleased with the experience.  We'll definitely be back, as there were plenty of other specials on the menu which we didn't get to try.
What a bad time! We had reservations for 930 and didn't get seated until 10...well we got seated at a temporary table until the table we were supposed to have was ready...then we moved again! They didn't get ANY of the food right! Some of us didn't eat at all. We all left hungry. My ribs were good but fatty..not worth $20. I will not be returning. One star for decor.
Were they out of their minds when they gave this place more than two stars?  Have they never had sushi before?  Have they nothing to compare it to?  Is this what desert dwellers consider good sushi?  Gag me!

Whose brilliant idea was it to place the sushi bar in the middle of the restaurant, and to seat every sushi bar patron with a loud greeting in Japanese as they were led to the bar as if they were royalty?  It was cute once or twice, but all of us sitting at our table by the entrance did not appreciate the fake sentiment by the end of our evening.  It was downright annoying.

While ordering, our server asked if we had ever been to Sushi Roku before in such a manner as to suggest that it was going to be a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.  When he indicated that their food is served "family style" we initially thought that it meant that we would share dishes, which wouldn't work too well when five out of seven of us were vegetarians.  When he explained that it simply meant that the food is brought out as it is completed by the kitchen, I pointed out the fact that what he really meant is that the kitchen is not organized enough to assure that we will all eat at the same time.  This is unacceptable at a so-called high end restaurant.

I had to laugh at my vegetarian dinnermates.  They all ordered a tofu dish with what they called brown rice risotto.  After tasting the dish, which tasted like fried water, I understood why they thought the edamame was so good.  It's the only thing, other than the overpriced wine, that they actually tasted that night.

As for myself, I went for the sushi assortment, or should I say, the rice cakes with slivers of raw fish placed atop them.  I guess not enough raw fish survived the trek across the desert.  The fish was carefully rationed. I actually took one of the rice cakes and put all of my sushi on it to make a rainbow roll.

In the end, the server was right.  It was a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience for me.  Meaning, I'll never go back there.
Oh Sushi Roku, I really wanted to like you! I had heard such good things from friends and was so excited to finally try your sushi. But you definitely disappointed. 

I mean I do come from San Francisco, where you can find some of the most amazing, mind-blowing, met in your mouth sushi... so maybe I am biased. However I can name plenty of other sushi spots in Scottsdale where you can get bigger, tastier rolls for the same price or less (like Sushi Brokers, for example). 

Including our tip, the bill was about $150.... For two people!! We ordered miso soup, an appetizer, a bottle of wine (that was half off because of a Sunday special they had going on) and 4 rolls. Now I don't mind paying $75 per person if the food is outstanding, but these rolls were below average and I didn't leave feeling satisfied. Nothing to write home about.

Save your money and hit up Stingray or Geisha during their happy hour. Or, head on over to Sushi Brokers or Sushi on Shea in North Scottsdale but don't waste your $$$ at Sushi Roku. It's totally not worth the over priced menu!
Love sitting at the sushi bar, the chef's are always super friendly and really fun to watch. The urchin with the quail egg is a MUST for all you sushi lovers.
Made the long trip to Scottsdale from Goodyear to check out Sushi Roku and to celebrate our friend's birthday. Beautiful atmosphere and tasty sushi made this a nice experience. I wouldn't say it's the best sushi I've had, but well worth the visit. Our only complaint would be the 45+ minutes we waited for our check after completing our meal. Granted, it was Saturday night and the place was fairly busy, but come on...

After we FINALLY got our bill...gulp....the prices are very high...we ventured upstairs to the open air lounge which is nestled near the W hotel's pool, which I've heard is an experience all in it's self. Lounge was small and a little noisy for us 30+ yr olds...LOL! 

Nice experience...would return again.
The sushi sucked.
The service sucked. 
Food presentation was awful. 
The cocktails rock.

The best thing about this place is that it is connected to the W Hotel. 

Visit Roku solely for the cocktails and ambiance, eat prior.
I was en route to Japan, when I flew over the W hotel in Scottsdale. I looked down and noticed a bunch of cool tables and booths located next to the sidewalk. I couldn't make out what the sign in front said because I was already at 2500 ft. and ascending. I asked the guy next to me if he knew, and he said " I'm in the middle seat, I can only see wingtips you moron".  So I made a mental note to myself  to find out which restaurant was located there. 2 weeks later, I had returned. I found out that it was Sushi Roku. I thought to myself, there's no way it could it be as good as the sushi I just had in Japan for the last 2 weeks. Well, Ive only been wrong 3 times in my life before the day I ate at Sushi Roku. Now I can honestly say Ive been wrong 4 times. I had no idea how fantastic everything is here. The decor blew me away from the get go. It's an interior designers heaven. Very modern and clean. I was floored by the warm greetings and smiles my wife and I received right as I walked in the door. Now then, there's sushi and then there's Sushi. The Toro sashimi I had was so fresh, I thought it was gonna swim right out of my mouth!! I mean Harrow!!!  Everything from the Filet Wrapped Asparagus to the Shima roll was fantastic. Ironically, our servers name was Ross too. Classic.  He was able to answer any questions we had, and he also suggested several menu items that we ended up ordering, which lead me to write this review. God he was impressive. Fantastic experience overall.  
I cant wait to go back!!
Sitting at the sushi bar here is the best. The two times I've been here, they've had a good variety of fresh fish here, more than what I've found at other sushi places around town. Finally I've found my amberjack sashimi!!!
If you're looking for some great selection of fresh sashimi, come here!
I don't eat seafood. I have no business reviewing this place, right? Well, my boyfriend had a craving for sushi while we were passing through on a cross country road trip. So we stopped in Phoenix for the evening and this spot came with highest recommendations. Panko encrusted salmon for him and veggie rolls for me. I barely saw the plate set down before the salmon was devoured. The veggie roll however...man, did they put some spin on a pretty basic dish. I'm never wowed by sushi restaurants simply because I never order anything wow-able. They sure proved me wrong. Totally filling, deliciously flavorful and made exactly to my particular orders (not too big, rice paper, no seaweed, etc. etc.). We had the pesto tomato mozzarella salad and chicken satay (both specials) as well and while they were devoured pretty quickly they just don't stick out in my mind like those veggie rolls. A pretty innocuous dish that most would likely never seek out but if you have a finicky friend on the fence about joining you for a night at Sushi Roku, they cannot go wrong with this order.
I went to Sushi Roku for the first time last night because I had purchased a Groupon for $40 dinner. I'm probably never coming back.

We ordered:
-Edamame hummus with wonton chips (not so good.. bland.. weird texture)
- Mackerel sashimi 4 pc (best thing we had)
- Eel and avocado roll (2nd best but very average)
- Shrimp tempura with asparagus (less than average, not crunchy at all)
- Crunchy tuna roll with avocado (TERRIBLE. It was NOT crunchy, it was MUSHY)
- Peach saketini (I enjoyed this). 

The best part about dinner was the mackerel sashimi. 
Our waiter told us to look on the first page of the menu because those items were 'the freshest'.. made me nervous. Is everything else not as fresh??

Service from the sushi chefs was great. Service from the waiter was awful. He didn't come up to us for nearly AN HOUR. We waited for our check for 15 minutes after I asked for it. There were only 4 parties in the whole restaurant.

Had I not had a coupon, I would not have gone and I'll probably never come back. There are TONS of sushi places in the Phoenix area that are much better and cheaper. 

Aesthetically, the bar is set up nicely. The sushi bar has a neat tree centerpiece. But the hostesses look like trash and the waiters are too busy huddled in a corner to notice their parties.
The food was delicious, but the service, while enthusiastic, was slow.  We had the tofu appetizer, which was very fresh and flavorful.  I especially liked the tofu with the truffle.  We decided to get entrees rather than sushi for our meals, so I can't say anything really for the sushi despite it being part of the restaurant's name.  The entrees had a very generous amount of food on them, and were pretty tasty.  

Part of the price tag on your menu is reflected in the atmosphere, and while the meal I had was good, I probably could get something with similar quality for cheaper at a different Japanese fusion type restaurant.
This was a night of new taste experiences for me.  We arrived and the atmosphere was very light, ambient, and loungy.  No surprises since this is at the W Hotel.  The restaurant staff was very friendly, and we were greeted fairly quickly.  We ordered the edamame which was a first for me, (I'm behind the times on this one)  A nice different taste.   I ordered a blackberry smash which was nothing short of wonderful.  I definitely could have ordered a double.  Another person in our party had a cold sake that I found was soo good, I had to try it twice.  Our waiter was very friendly, down to earth and low key.  Amongst us we ordered some sushi, I ordered the Ji-Dori chicken and the other person in our group ordered the Braised Pork.  Apparently they were out of pork so that was not available which was a disappointment.   Food was out at a decent time and the sauce with the mushrooms and potatoes had a wonderful zing and afterbite.  Our sushi eater had his eyes rolling back the entire time with his head agaisnt the booth so I can only assume the experience was nothing short of orgasmic.  We only had a small snafu with a groupon discount, but that was corrected without issue.  I'll be sure again to come to try the pork and have multiple blackberry smashes.  Even though I have not been won over to try sushi, I'm more than willing to have this restaurant experience again.
It's a good thing I had plenty of alcohol during and prior to my arrival here. 

If you are under the influence of mind numbing liquids, you will not realize terrible service and bland food. 

The second time I went there, I was starving. I would like to thank the waiter who just kept walking by, as he had NOTHING else to do, NOBODY else to serve. He kept himself busy by walking up and down and passing me by. I wonder if he had mental telepathy and knew that I was starving. I'm glad that I had the freedom to just walk out before I ordered anything this time.

Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because it was a clean place and convenient since I was staying at the W hotel.
I would definately agree with some other reviewers that this is an ambience place. At that, it is gorgeous. The food was pretty good but really nothing spectacular. Some interesting technique to put sticky rice on a kabab which gave the rice a nice texture. I saved up my OpenTable rewards points to go here on Valentine's day and ended up feeling guilty when we left. Staff was nice but I am all about the food and this place just didn't cut it for me, especially for the price/hype.
This is really only for the breakfast served at the W hotel...I didn't eat here during lunch or dinner...but bfast was good.  It's a little pricey, but the service is super friendly and the restaurant itself is nice.  Swanky.

It was uber convenient so all good with me.
Halibut.  Yellow-tail belly. Seaweed salad. Katana roll, Tori Jalapeno.  Sushi Chef.

Dinner was good, service has been generally good on most dinners here, but every so often I will get left alone and not helped properly.

The sushi is generally good however, extremely over priced compared to other sushi places in the area.

Very trendy and worth a visit, however, unless you are staying at the W, i doubt it would become a regular stop, outside of their AMAZING happy hour specials.
Do you LOVE great food, a fun atmosphere for any kind of celebration, and spending about $60 per person for a cocktails and bites? If so, Sushi Roku is the place for you.

I made a reservation at SR via opentable.com, and our group of 7 were promptly seated. They have a fun offering of cocktails, and a decent wine list too.

Our table indulged in several sushi rolls, edamame, and other mains. Go for the panko crusted salmon (2 of us split the entre, and it was plenty), and pass up the beef skewers (they tasted *off*, and were ultimately sent back and taken off the bill). 

After dinner, we were escorted by the restaurant manager to the velvet roped hotel lounge area where there was *LIVE* music. 

SO FUN.
Expected an amazing experience... Was a bit let down. Sushi was ok - but not creative at all. Was trying not to compare, but the sushi at Virago in Nashville is leaps and bounds better (try the Ecuador roll!). Server was pushy and annoying. Was glad to get out of there and get to the "Living Room" at our hotel - the W Scottsdale where Sushi Roku resides.  

Tip: if you stay at the W you get a card for a free "appetizer tasting" at sushi roku. This ended up being just an amuse from the chef that they "took off the bill" because of the card we received - and after lots of questions about what we liked and didn't like - 2 meatballs came out as the amuse. That is NOT an appetizer tasting experience - it was an amuse - which in nashville means super cool thing a chef makes that is free and makes you happy. NOT the same at Sushi Roku. Left me disappointed.
I rarely give one star; however, this dining experience was one of four bad ones. Having given this a chance over and over, I'm throwing Sushi Roku under the bus.

Three of the four times I've dined here, the drinks came after the food.  The front staff are friendly but some of the staff was down-right rude. I've worked in the service industry for years and cannot believe the attitudes of the servers.

One of the servers lied to us and told us they were out of pitchers because she didn't want to sell $15.00 pitchers.  The manager actually admitted that she lied and there were plenty of pitchers.  She also lied on our tab and took advantage of a large table who would have tipped more than 30% had she been honest and courteous.

The food I would rate, okay.  I find that they don't use the best ingredients and inexpensive soy sauces, etc.  

I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone.  If you want bad service in a convenient W Hotel location, go for it, but Roka Akor far surpasses Sushi Roku.
Love the W but don't love that this is where I had to eat breakfast when i was there for my stay-cation.  Don't get me wrong, the Eggs Benny are fantastic and the sushi is too, but the pricing is eye-popping-high and the service "yokunai desu!!"  Kind of expect a jacket-required/reservation needed for their Shibuya style high prices but maybe they want to weed out the $ 30k millionaires.  Um, we're not in Tokyo anymore, Toto.  Since there are no other options when dining at the W, I will have to admit, I will probably be back, but not by choice.
This place never disappoints. I've eaten at  both the Los Angeles and Pasadena, CA location. The Scottsdale location did not disappoint!  The decor here was nicer than the other locations, still rocking that chic and hip vibe that the W hotel and roku restaurants always have. We came with a large group of people, so we ordered a ton of dishes. Here are some highlights and must haves:
1) yellow tail with diced green chile: paper thin slices of hamachi bathed in a yuzu sauce topped with tiny pieces of diced green and red chile. It was delicious as always!
2) spicy tuna on crispy rice: i always order this at every establishment that offers it on the menu and I find that roku does it the best. The rice it's served on is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and comes out warm. It's piled on high with spicy tuna that's bursting with flavor and heat. 
3) miso marinated cod: this is another dish I always order when it's available. It's not as good as Nobu Matsuhisa's, but still delicious. The fish is so delicate, it flakes apart easily with a fork and melts in your mouth releasing the flavors and sweetness of both the fish and miso marinade. Absolutely delicious!
4) Chilean sea bass: this is another really delicate fish that had great flavor and served nicely seasoned sautd spinach. 
5) crunchy spicy tuna and avocado roll: tuna and avocado with tempura flake crust
6) spicy tuna and shrimp in rice paper roll (I forget the actual name of it): the rice paper gives this roll a unique and delicious flavor. 
7) rock shrimp: tempura style mixed with a sweet sauce.  
8) mixed seafood tempura: the batter was light and flaky. The scallop and asparagus were my favorites. 
9) edamame (soybeans): made al dente and came out steaming hot to our table lightly salted. Delicious! 

Everything here from the service to the food to the ambience is great. This place rocks!!
We came on a Sat night with reservations. The place was busy. Super busy. They tried to seat us on a wet booth and looked at me like I was crazy when I declined. We waited at the bar for 20 minutes for a table. 

The wait on our order for 6 rolls - was 45 minutes. Just to get one of our rolls. The drinks were served fast- I will give them that. 

We ended up leaving though we weren't full- just to head somewhere else. Food tasted fine. Nothing extraordinary. Service was good. Not her fault. Kitchen was super slow - they did take the rolls off our bill to apologize.

Maybe you will go on a less busy night.
My only complaint is they are pricey compared to other quality sushi restaurants ie sakana on Hayden and Indian school but the food was good service was good and the ambience is comfortable
Loved all the sushi and plates we ordered. Excellent service and a nice place to eat. Maybe a bit pricey but in a special occasion its worth it. I don't recall anything I didn't like so if you like sushi in general you can try anything and will be really good. The only thing I remember not liking as much was the spring rolls with strawberries for dessert. All other desserts were really good.
What's sad about this review is that my husband and I never even tried the food! We went on a busy Saturday night and were fine with the 45 minute wait. However, after an hour my husband asked the hostess how much longer for the wait and we were told our seats were given to one of their regular customers! How do they expect to gain new regular customers this way?  We had money to spend!!  We were offered a round of free drinks, and after waiting so long, we decided to give it another try. We were suckers like that. When we finally got our table, we noticed a bunch of other empty tables all around us. We received our menus, and the waiter never came back! We waited an additional 10 minutes and I had to leave before I threw a tantrum. I have to say, in all my years of eating out, this was definitely the worst experience I've ever had, I'll never be back and I have informed all I know how horrible this place treats potential customers.
So I usually try not to eat sushi in cities so far from the coast. But we came here for my bachelorette party because one of my friends has celiacs and can't eat gluten anything. So Japanese tends to be safest for her.

The sushi wasn't bad.. I didn't get sick so thats a plus! I did venture into some raw fish and it was okay. Not fresh like what you get in SF.. but okay. But really.. for the price, I'd never go back.. its super expensive for what you get. And my teeny bottle of sake was double what it would have been at a restaurant in SF (and triple just buying it at a store).

The staff was nice, everything looked pretty. But two stars because I have experienced better.. a lot and I will probably never go back.
I have just experience food heaven and a food coma all in one! I have always wanted to try this place because I have heard such good things. Their sunset menu before a show at the Gammage Theater was the perfect excuse. Honestly it was such a good deal for so much food and such tasty options. I went with my sister and we each tried something different off the menu and shared. For starters we got the edamame hummus and garden salad. The wonton chips with the hummus were so good and the salad was so light and refreshing. 

For the second course I got the vegetable tempura and popcorn shrimp. Both of which were good, but I would go with the shrimp. The vegetable tempura was good but a bit heavy before the final course. 

I got the salmon as my main course and my sister got the filet. The salmon was perfectly cooked, but I didn't need the rice and the sauce was slightly too sweet for me. The filet was so good with a great teriyaki sweet sauce and perfectly smooth mashed potatoes. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful in our selections and the ambiance was nice. Not super crowded but we had an early reservation. I want to go back and try the rest of the menu.
Yummy mix of traditional and Californian style sushi - some wicked combinations but a little bastardised at times [sacrificing the simple elegance of quality ingredients for loud and bold flavours].  Flavour comment above may be more of a personal preference than a 'criticism' as I enjoy the simplicity of more traditional Japanese fare.

Busy vibe and great service.

Favourite dishes: yellowtail sashimi with crispy onions, fillet wrapped asparagus and the sinful [yet shamefully un-Japanese] mouth watering popcorn shrimp morsels.
Will make this short and sweet. Been there twice and both times the food and service was fantastic. I can't say enough on how great the food is. A little pricey but in my opinion well worth it!!
Located in the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  Great sushi dishes and a great atmosphere.  I've only been there once but the service was great and the food was very taste and fresh.
This is a great place for groups. It's loctaed in the W Hotel. Good location. Every time a group walks in the chefs make lots of noise. They gave shots on the house and made the meal quite enjoyable!

The sushi was good, not spectacular but very good!
Delicious!  There's one in LA that we used to go to, and the AZ one is just as good even though we're landlocked here!  Must gets are the:
  -Spicy tuna on crispy rice
  -Marinated Cod
  -Baked crab hand roll in soy paper
This is my favorite sushi in the valley, especially when someone else is paying because it's pretty pricy. The sushi always tastes incredibly fresh and the menu has several creative options. I'm not usually a big fan of yellowtail but a friend insisted I try their yellowtail sashimi appetizer. The fiand was so fresh and delicate and the ponzu sauce was so fantastic that I had to restrain myself from licking the plate. I tried big eye tuna sashimi for the first time here and was blown away. I've since tried it at other places and it didn't come close to the flavor and texture of the dish at sushi roku. We had some standard rolls which were also great but my absolute favorite thing I had was the lobster Roll with soy paper and a misoyaki butter sauce. It was so unbelievably delicious! I've been back several times for that roll alone. The ambience is very cool and is great for a special occasion or business dinner.
Sushi Roku is a cute chic restaurant inside the W, but I was unimpressed with the semi slow service and small variety of sushi variety on the menu.  All in all, I think it's a good place to hang out in groups because of the decor and the drink selection.
Happy hour from 5-6:30? What's the point?!
Great location, ambiance, and food...who would have thought you could get quality sushi in the desert???

Yes it's more California style sushi vs. traditional but more mass appeal for a place like Scottsdale.  Baked lobster roll was absolutely delicious.  Spent about $200 for 4 people, but we did have sake, wine and beer to go with our meal.  Would gladly come back.
Delicious decor and stylish food!  Great Bento box for late lunch.  Nice service and professional management.
Probably the best sushi in town. Fresh fish - always ! (not easy in AZ)
We always enjoy the strong drinks . Not much changes in the menu and the specials repeat, so I would like to see more creativity but overall I love this place! 
The bar upstairs should be open for people who eat at the restaurant. You should not sand in line or pay the bouncer to get in after you spent $200 at the restaurant... 
I would definitely recommend trying this place! I think they have great happy hours and summer specials right now. Worth a try !
My favorite upscale sushi in scottsdale. The W hotel is beautiful and Roku is no different. The vibe is upbeat with trendy music playing in the background. Everyone in the restaurant is sexy and dressed to impress. Great date place or pre-party place in walking distance of many clubs nearby.
Good standard sushi
Even though the happy hour pisses me off I still have a soft spot for Sushi Roku. I have spent many special occasions here. The restaurant is beautiful and the food is sinful. I have yet to find better sushi anywhere else. I recommend trying the popcorn shrimp it will change your life!
If you are looking for a taste of the rich life without actually being rich, then consider hitting Sushi Roku at The W hotel between 5pm and 6:30pm Monday through Saturday.

This place is great for a date or a place to kick it with friends. You are at The W, so you have the upscale feeling of being posh, and because the prices are so good during happy hour, you can actually have the satisfaction of saying "I'll have one of everything on the menu" which is exactly what I did!

Atmosphere: Sushi Roku is a quintessential modern Asian establishment. While it is chic, it is oddly authentically Asian. It feels open yet intimate at the same time.

My favorites from the menu:

Sushi Roku Fusion ($4 a glass, $18 a pitcher). As you walk past the bar you will notice a gigantic glass jug filled with fruit and vodka. This is the Fusion, and it is deliciously addicting, yet sneakily strong.

My favorite sake, nigori sake (cold, unfiltered sake which in in my opinion has a lot more flavor and is smoother) and also hot sake for just $4.

Miso Eggplant ($5). I have never EVER desired eggplant or ordered it at a restaurant, but after trying this dish, at least once a week I find myself salivating over the thought of the Miso Eggplant. This appetizer is a big reason I keep coming back.

Sauted Chinese Green Beans ($3). Crunchy and flavorful, these beans are the beans knees! I don't fancy myself a vegetarian, but I have never been so delighted eating a plate of straight veggies.

Tuna Tartar ($6). If you like raw tuna and avocado, this dish will melt your taste buds. Don't let the ugly name fool you. This is a beautiful dish with a beautiful taste.

Oysters ($2.5 each). These oysters have more flavor that most any other oyster I've swallowed. They have a garnish of Asian citrus flavors which subtly mask the true oceanic taste of the oyster, so if you are looking for the traditional unadulterated oysters, these may not be the ones for you.

On a side note, kudos to the staff. The servers, bartenders, and managers, are extremely accommodating, helpful, and very friendly. They all genuinely wanted us to have a great experience, which we did.

After your meal, take the time to meander upstairs and see the outside dining area which edges the famous W pool, the social epicenter of the who's who's and hooha's of Scottsdale.
Pretty sure I died and went to sushi heaven after eating here last night! Sat down at the sushi bar and had the most entertaining sushi chefs! I tried their recommendations of the hirame (winter halibut) and rotate (sea scallops), both sashimi style was out of this world!! Freshest and best selection I have enjoyed in a long time!! For drinks, went with hot sake but they do serve quite a collection of wine, specialty drinks (which I will have to try next time) and other sakes.
Expensive but worth it!! Location, ambiance and food here made for a great evening!
Thank you Sushi Roku!
Eh, was somewhat disappointed at the food really. It seemed like the chef over tried when dishes came out. Sometimes less IS more and that wasn't a part of the restaurant that day. 
I'll go again for another chance though :)
My sister and brother-in-law took me here for a late dinner raving about how awesomely good this place is. And I have to say, they did not lie. The dishes here are amazing.
My sister favorite is the sea bass cooked or steamed in some way that is melts in your mouth. Not literally, but the fish meat is very tender and the sauce has a hint of sweetness. Too bad it isn't on the menu anymore as we were told.
We also several sushi rolls and those were good as well.

Service was excellent. Granted it is located in a hotel, so that is sort of expected.
The decor is trendy with a lounge like ambiance. There are actually several locations, so this is definitely a place I need to check out in L.A.
This elegant restaurant is located in the W hotel and its entrance was a bit hard to find at first, but just go into the valet area and the door is right there. 

My bf and I came here for dinner on a Friday night and it was amazing! Our server was very helpful and efficient. She was on top of things and gave wonderful recommendations. The restaurant manager even came out to make sure that we had everything we needed and that we were enjoying our meal. Really classy, Seriously, their sushi was some of the freshest I had ever had! We had an assortment of sashimi. The grilled salmon was my favorite. It came with mashed potatoes and hijiki seaweed. 

The creme brulee was to die for! The perfectly torched sugar gave a nice sticky crunchy bite to the creamy filling which was adorned with mixed berries. It was a pack of sweetness and tartness. Truly, a wonderful way to finish off an incredible dinner.
Our second time here was good, not great, not special. We won't go back for a full meal, just late night snack. 
Love the decor and the upscale modern feel. It's a great place for a date. We like to walk through the W Hotel entrance to enjoy the lounge scene. Another plus is going to the W pool deck to hang out and schmooze post sake
The food was expensive and good. To drop a couple of big bills and not be wowed is criminal. We had some winner dishes and the only real loser was some kind of steak skewer. 
Our server kept pointing us to the specials. We like to sit at the bar and watch the artistry of the food being prepared. We tried a number of times to encourage the chef to be creative with a particular item ie, sea eel to no avail. It was right off the "special" menu and very tasty but not an eye roller. Guess these specials are tried and true throughout the entire chain of sushi restaurants this group owns. Perhaps therein lies the problem, the CHAIN effect... cookie cutter sushi; good and satisfying, but not memorable.
I first ate here two years ago and thought it was very good.  I love the Sushi Roku's in Santa Monica, Hollywood and Pasadena.  My recent lunch there surpassed all of these and any expectations from my first visit in 2010.  

Here's what I ate, all prepared by a young sushi chef named Moon, who is in my book a rising sushi star:

Uni sushi - this was two pieces of uni of the highest quality, sweet and unctuous, simply perfect

Spicy scallop hand roll - sweet and fresh scallops, so fresh they were almost a bit crunchy when bitten into, and the sauce was subtly spicy, but not overly hot.  The nori they use here is of the best quality - it crackles when you bite into it, but does not shatter.

Eel and avocado hand roll - ber-rich, sweet and addictive.  The avocado was at its peak of ripeness, the eel sweet and almost melting, and the sauce, which Moon told me was cooked down from sea eel, lent a sweet and an umami flavor to this wonderful roll.

Baked crab hand roll - My favorite dish of the day.  Beautiful crab (it tasted like Alaskan king, but not sure), baked with garlic butter and wrapped in soy paper.  If you love crab, you MUST order this.  I need to have it again.  So good.

Service was great, I  enjoyed speaking with Moon about all kinds of food topics, and the sushi bar is a pleasant place to while away a midday hour.  I went on a slow Sunday afternoon and am so glad that I did.  It can be quite a scene on weekend evenings (lots of pretty blonde women in tiny black dresses), but come for the food, too!

Highly recommended.
Swanky looking place inside the W Hotel --- ooooh...ahhhhh!  Let's check out the exotic cars parked outside -- ooooooh...ahhhhh! 

Let's try out the food............ ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .....

Pretty cool place to hangout if I wanted to be seen with cool crowd I guess (my mom said I was cool....) I didn't think their sushi and rolls were to too exciting. I guess they had to please the crowd and what's hip and cool.  The only thing exotic is parked outside, not on the menu.  Pretty basic and mediocre at best. Nothing I haven't seen. 

Service was good overall and attentive.  Ambience is like a lounge and smooth.  I felt like I back in Hollywood Blvd hanging at Katana's. - Enjoy
This is sushi and service at its finest, though you will pay for it. I'd suggest dressing up for this place. After dinner try the W hotel's rooftop bar.
My girlfriends and I had dinner there on a Friday night. Our table was not ready when we got there but we sat in the bar area and enjoyed one of their delicious specialty cocktails. 

We had excellent customer service both from the waitress and even the GM stopped by our table more than once to check on us. Both had excellent recommendations and everything we tried was delicious. Stick with the classic plates and you won't be disappointed.

I thought the pricing was on par with every good sushi place that I have been too. I even thought it was reasonable.
Came here for lunch today. Was a little disappointed in the service and food. The restaurant is connected to the W Hotel in Scottsdale, great location. The interior of the restaurant is really nice and modern. As for the service, the waitress took about 15 minutes to come by the table to get our drink order. Once she did, it took another 10 minutes for us to get our drinks. We then ordered the food. She brought out the first order of suchi and had forgotten to bring our edamame for our appetizer. We then asked her for it. Then she brought out another dish and forgot half of it. We then sat for another 15 minutes before any other food came out. I asked the waitress what was taking so long (since there was only 2 others tables in the entire restaurant), she said that everyone was ordering sushi and they were busy. That wasn't the brightest response because 1 we are at a sushi restaurant, so of course people will be ordering sushi, 2 she only had 3 tables to wait on. Once we did get our sushi, the rolls fell a apart. So it just seemed as though everything was just not up to par, especially for the amount of money you pay. 

As for the food itself, we had the following:

Spicy Tuna hand roll
Softshell Crab Roll
Rock Shrimp Jalapeno Roll
Cucumber Roll
Kobe Skewer

The food itself wasn't bad, it was more of the experience that wasn't great.
I lived in NY for while before I moved here to Scottsdale. Sushi Roku makes me miss NY a little less -- not just b/c of the cool decor and the semi-fancy without being too pretentious ambiance, but b/c the food is really good and the manager and chef are extremely friendly and genuine, which is how they are in NY. I don't go out that much, so when I do, I want it to be a relatively meaningful experience. The food is amazing -- MUST get the popcorn shrimp app which is the most elegant lightly fried shrimp I've ever had. The sushi rolls are great. Try not to get a super young server, there's one I won't name who kind of sucks. Other than that, it's a great experience.
Two nights in a row.  There's nothing wrong here.  But the sushi boss is a bit too aloof for us mere peasants. The setting is near perfect and the other staff is accommodating.  Maybe the sushi boss thinks Phoenix is beneath is talents.  Perhaps it is, but then he ought to return to LA.   Or perhaps my Interest in ordering for myself doesn't  provide him the ego gratification needed to command his attention,
Have had why better sushi at a handful of places. I guess by it being in the lobby area helps with the rating of this place. $12 for 4 slices of octopus is way over priced by about $4. The place does look nice thats for sure. Would not go back unless I'm suffering from toxic silicon sickness from all the silicon in the swimming pool upstairs
I cannot remember a better sushi experience.  One roll was OK (don't remember which one) but everything else was amazing.  Spicy sliced-sashimi tuna appetizer and fruit spring rolls for desserts were 'perfect' bookends.

On top of the food, cocktails, wine, the service and scenery were all top shelf.  Gotta go back.
Excellent service despite the very busy night we were there.  The bar area was alive and had very attentive bartenders.  Upstairs in the VIP area...  bartenders were not attentive it took over 10 minutes before leaving because we were never asked or offered to order a drink.  

My order was correct and delicious for dinner!
Came here for Arizona Restaurant Week although I'd been here once before. The tasting menu was a GREAT opportunity to sample their sushi offerings as well as some of their other entrees.

I'm still a bit of a sushi virgin and while I thoroughly enjoyed everything, my more seasoned sushi-eaters said that they had had better. They offered a braised pork belly that was fantastic and as one who does not like miso soup AT ALL, I LOVED the miso that was served at Sushi Roku.

We were puzzled that the sake we ordered was served cold as we're used to warm sake, Our server, who was awesome (and a ginger I might add) explained that warming of sake is usually done to make the lower quality sakes more flavorful.....not too sure about that. So all in all the sake was not the best we'd had but we made the most of it.

The atmosphere is cool and the service is great. I would recommend it to anyone and there are some great dishes for any sushi-haters to enjoy.
Hands down the best spicy tuna roll everrrr.

Fun atmosphere, great waitstaff, awesome lighting.  :)

Will definitely go back.
Great food & service.
Asked the server if the chef did omakase and we were very pleased with what came out of the kitchen and from the sushi bar. Great service decor and food.
Very Swanky Restaurant!  The sushi was decent and the cost moderate.  I had the seaweed salad, spicy tuna roll and asparagus/spicy shrimp roll.  Spicy tuna was definitely the best of all three dishes.  I'm not sure what kind of spices are in the roll, but it's definitely very good.

I would go back.
This place has been reviewed enough that I really can't add anything more.  Good food although the hot stuff especially the beef wrapped asparagus things were better than anything raw.  I don't think I'm going to be invited back.  I started doing saki bombs...I know weird when's it's just two people and I kept getting the shot glass stuck somehow in the beer glass.  The waitress was going nuts I could see the sushi chef giving me a stink eye...big mess.  In fairness to them I don't think it was the glasses but somehow I was dropping them wrong in my drunken state.  My apologies so I'm giving them an extra star.  I am sure they know who I am from this review.  I apologize deeply.
Went here for the dinner the other night.  Sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed several pieces of very fresh sushi.  The Saba, Salmon, Hamachi and Halibut were very good.
The pieces could have been a bit bigger, but the quality of the fish was excellent.  Will have to try some of the other menu items next time, but wasn't really hungry since I had a big lunch earlier in the day.
Since I gave this restaurant a 3-star, here are my justification or valid reasons:

First the the not so good: Roku sushi is sub-par in terms of their sushi rolls. the rolls are comparable to Ra's, which is not saying a lot. It's not terrible but if you enjoy good quality and non pureed fish in your rolls then this is not the place for you. Of course they are some fried food on the menu that many can not mess up so this is a viable option. The price is fairly high but I guess that comes with the territory of being in Scottsdale.

The good: The ambiance, setting, environment etc. is extraordinary. It's a fairly upscale place but one can also go in casual. It's a great place to take a date or group of friends before you head out to the bars and clubs in Scottsdale. Upstairs on the rooftop is unbelievable. There is a pool and lounge that is quite trendy and hip if your into that. I spoke with the bartender and he said they hold some good parties up there. It reminds me of something you see in Vegas, very cool. 

with the aforementioned, the quality of food (so so) and the atmosphere (excellent) balances each other out. thus, I think it's safe to say, based on those criterion that Roku deserved a 3-star rating.
I love Sushi and have tried many Sushi places in the area, but for some reason kept missing out on Sushi Roku...well, a nice gentleman decided to take me there for my birthday dinner and what a treat!!  We were seated at a cozy booth with a view of the sushi bar, which is perfect if you want an intimate dining experience but you want to observe the excitement of the sushi bar in action.  

Our waiter greeted us right away and he was outstanding throughout the whole evening!  Unfortunately I did not catch his name.  He told us about the Arizona Restaurant week menu and the alcohol and the 'real' menu...I had major conflicts of interest!  We ended up opting for a feast of a little bit of everything Hahah! We ordered two options on the AZ restaurant week menu because the variety of the options was impressive!  Seemed like a great way to try a bit of everything since we had never eaten there!  And I had to try one of the Signature rolls; when I go to Sushi places I like to try their 'specialty' or something weird and unique!  As for the drinks I ordered white wine (Citra Pinot Grigio, Italy) to go with the mounds of fish coming our way and my date opted for kirin Ichiban beer, and the AZ restaurant week menu surprised us with a complimentary Roku Fusion Cocktail!

The Breakdown: 

The signature roll we chose was the Tako Roll: Spicy Octopus; it was my FAVORITE thing of the night!  I find sometimes at sushi restaurants when they say spicy it is just more like a bit of a zing that you have to spice up with Wasabi, but Sushi Roku wasn't lying!  It came with spicy tuna dressing the top of the octopus roll and an interesting spicy reddish sauce drizzled across the top...Delicious!!! Great way to start the evening! 

1st course:  I chose 'Appetizers From the Sea' because I love fish, which came with Tuna Tataki, Salmon Sashimi and Tai Usuzukuri.  And my date chose 'Appetizers from the Farm' which entailed Kobe beef skewers, Fillet Mignon wrapped Asparagus, and Crispy Ji-Dori Chicken.  My favorites from each (yes we shared) were the Salmon Tataki, which had an amazing sauce (Truffle Tamari Soy) and the Kobe Beef Skewer (black pepper sauce)...my date liked the Tuna Tataki (close 2nd for me) and the asparagus wrapped with fillet Mignon (amazing).  We both decided we would forever pass on the Tai Usuzukuri (very blah) and the Crispy Ji-Dori chicken (over fried and just blah compared to the others).  

2nd course: I opted for the 5 pieces of Roku Signature Style Sushi (Tai, Yellowtail, Salmon, Albacore, Tuna), accompanied with 3 pieces of Spicy Salmon Cut Roll and 3 pieces of California Cut Roll.  It was all quite amazing and a great assortment!  I loved the albacore sashimi!  But it was all good because I love tuna in general!  My date ordered the Grilled sirloin steak "Japonaise" with Japanese style potatoes; it was a pleasant surprise because we both didn't know what to expect.  It was a big tender steak with a unique gingery sauce and the potatoes and green beans that accompanied it were also Delicious.  Both plates left the table empty!  

And yes still going: 3rd course:  DESSERT! The waiter brought out both the Mini Chocolate Volcano and a Fresh Fruit Sorbet!  They were both tasty but we could unfortunately barely eat them because we were so full!  The Sorbet tasted very fresh and fruity with beautiful fresh strawberries.  I love chocolate, so the Chocolate Volcano was decadently rich and wonderful, in which I dipped the fresh Strawberries from the other dessert; YUM! 

Oh and when the surprise Roku Fusion drink showed up we were amazed at such a great Restaurant Week deal for $30!  BTW they did not skimp on the alcohol ;)  If you ever want to try Sushi Roku, Arizona Restaurant Week is a great time to go because you get a great variety from the menu!  It was a wonderful experience for us when we were just expecting to try a few different rolls and drinks!!  I should also note the Tako Roll (spicy octopus) was not included with the Restaurant Week special.  

I know I will be back because their anniversary falls on the same day as my birthday (September 26th) and everything on the menu is half off!!! WooHoo!  

And one last thanks to my anonymous server!  I hope I get to enjoy your service again! As much as the sushi bar looks enjoyable and fun; I wouldn't have traded that for such an excellent dining experience!
If I could give this 3.5 stars I would. The food is a solid 3 - really nothing special, especially considering the price. It's not bad, but it doesn't stand out. The ambiance is a 4. the place is beautiful.
Absolutely one of my favorite sushi places in all of the state...the filet wrapped asparagus is amazing, spicy tuna on crispy rice cakes are great, all the sashimi rules, the baked crab roll...unlike anything I've ever had, delicious. They have awesome happy hour specials but beware its a very small inside bar, so get there early.  They have amazing mixologists and always have a nice seasonal drink menu.
Toby is the man at the sushi bar. I've had some only okay experiences here, but last night was a 5 star night. And Sunday's bottles of sake are half price.  

Shishto Peppers are a must as well as the crab hand roll.
Located in the W Hotel in Old Town Scottsdale, this hipster hangout is always busy.  I recommend a reservation if you're planning to dine here.  The Better Half and I drop in here from time to time.  Since I don't eat Sushi, I order:

Ji-Dori Chicken Skewers withTeriyaki Sauce - $10
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=x_60nAIMvJX9k_s9HAPiOA

Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus with Soy Mirin Sauce - $15
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=19cHPtx8ahwZTPC5xIARFQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=_4XhXTuYKQnypHmylm-mQg

And for Dessert, a warm Chocolate Cake...yum!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=KoyBtoSTBrhM2dLD8zs_PA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=iKBiwthdGtENIqWfGK1V1A

The Chicken Skewers are very tasty.  The Teriyaki Sauce they are glazed are sweet and have the right amount of "sour" kick to it to balance the flavor.  The Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus is awesome...the Filet is tender and juicy and the Asparagus compliments it well.  Of course, the Chocolate Cake dessert is a nice ending for the meal.

The service can be a bit slow at times, depends on the server.  Generally speaking, it's pretty good considering how busy they are.

The people watching here is pretty good...watching all of the hipsters is hilarious.

Return Factor - 93%
If I am in the Old Town area of Scottsdale mid-day, this is my go-to lunch spot. It's never loud at lunch and the atmosphere is totally different from a dinner service there, far more tranquil. It is a place I meet clients for lunch frequently because it is never louder than a dull roar.  

For lunch, get one of their Custom Bento Boxes. In the bento box you get to pick two options I get mine with Chicken Kara-age (which I think tastes somewhat like KFC, minus their extra grease) and sashimi which is six pieces consisting of two of each of the following fish, yellowtail, salmon and tuna. One day they were out of regular tuna sashimi and they had to give me fatty tuna (Toro), what a fantastic mistake that was for me and my happy tummy.

I think I read someones review that called the place a "hipster hangout" I've never heard a more inaccurate statement made about this particular establishment. Hipsters like PBR and indie music, all they will get at Sushi Roku is a Sapporo and some fantastic yellowtail. I would call this place "hip" though, the decor is very intimate and interesting, especially at night and they do a very good job of being trendy which of course attracts the people that want to be "seen". What I mean is Hipster, no. Beautiful people and wanabees, yes. Having said that, I do not think there is a restaurant I have ever seen more actual celebrities at in Scottsdale than this one, recent spottings include Kristen Schaal and Rainn Wilson.  

For dinner appetizers you can't go wrong with the yellowtail with diced chiles or the hanabi. For mains you can do the "omakase" at the sushi bar if you've got the deep pockets and adventurous appetite or just stick with the ribeye with Japonais sauce which is an umami overload!
Came here with my fellow Yelper Miss Lisa E, and very much enjoyed this upscale, fun, trendy restaurant.  Located within the W Hotel, makes a great spot for happy hour with friends, or a date night. The way the food is prepared, makes typically "scary" sushi a lot less intimidating for sushi rookies like me who don't typically eat things like octopus, eel, etc.  Everything I tried was quite delicious. I would suggest the fillet wrapped asparagus, and pretty much any of the rolls. The service was impeccable, its almost as if they knew we Yelpers, but seems like they are just that good! Looking forward to coming back.
I recently spent the better part of a week at the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  Of course I picked the coldest few days seen in recent years in Phoenix!

Very happy to find that the "hotel restaurant" was Sushi Roku!  I'd been there once before in LA.

Some highlights....

-- very creative, out of the box options
-- extremely knowledgable wait team
-- impeccable service


A few of my favorites that our group enjoyed....

1.  Black Truffle Tempura Handroll 
2. Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus
3.  The triple desert sampler (chocolate "lava" cake was awesome!"

While it wasn't cheap -- it was well worth the cost.  I knew it was pricey when I walked in, but the amazing menu, outstanding wait staff, and quality make you forget about the price!
Good music great service. Been a fan and a frequent customer of the Hollywood Roku. The sashimi was marginal but other specialties were as expected. Also the drinks were better than the Hotel bar!
Went there for my daughters birthday. Great ambience and very comfortable round booth seating. Waitress was friendly and very knowledgable about the menu. Made great suggestions and had us excited for the food.

The Kobe beef pot stickers sounded excellent and sadly they were anything but. The wontons were very greasy and chewy. And the Kobe I think was kind of chopped and mixed with something that I would imagine dog food taste like. 

Carpaccio was excellent. King crab miso was pretty good but not a $14 bowl of miso. 

Overall the rolls were very good but I have had better in valley. 

Service and atmosphere excellent. Food just ok to good.

To me ... Definitely overpriced and would probably not return. Nothing great that would make me come back. 

Not bad ... Just not great and for the prices I expect great.
SooOoo hard to find good sushi in Scottsdale.
warning! biased opinion here. 
get to know the chefs. once they get to know you, you're experience will be stellar! first, i dont eat rolls! second i've been to japan numerous times and have had sushi there. third. i know where sushi roku is located (arizona) for those who forget. fourth i make a reservation any time im having dinner there. that said, have the grace and faith to let the chef make you what he would eat or what he thinks would best suit your tastes. (be honest! if you dont like uni say so!!!, if you normally eat rolls try omakese at your local sushi spot befor trying it here!! ) the chefs here have a strong head chef that teaches not just cutting techniques for the numerous fish that other sushi bars nearby dont carry, but also about how to best "service' the guest. 
if your expecting super fast rolls and unrealistic low cost, you made the wrong decision.
I'll admit I went here out of convenience, 100%. I was staying at the W for a conference, needed to get some work done, so I got takeout and took it up to my room. I got three pretty straightforward items: edamame, yellowtail sashimi with diced chiles (supposedly a "specialty of the house"), and the tuna jalapeno hand roll - and was underwhelmed with all of them. 

The texture of the edamame was off on about half of the pods I got - grainy and not moist at all. The pieces that were prepared well were actually delicious, with just the right amount of salt. But WTH, why was half of it wonky? 

The yellowtail sashimi was completely overpowered by the sauce it was covered in. Don't get me wrong, the flavors were good, just completely imbalanced. Way too much sauce, and somehow, something with diced chiles didn't even have a hint of spice to it. The yellowtail was sliced so thin that it was unrecognizable even as fish, and the sauce effectively cooked it. This is a dish I particularly love, that my favorite sushi restaurant at home serves perfectly, so I was very disappointed.

These two dishes behind me, I move on to my tuna jalapeno roll. Based on its name, I'm expecting a very clean, crisp roll. When I open the box, I am accosted with huge dollops of spicy mayo on top of each piece. I dab it off so that the roll looks vaguely appetizing, if a bit smeared. I've never tasted a roll so bland in all my life. Apparently that's why it was swimming in mayo - to give it some flavor. Also, it was supposed to come with toro, but they were out of toro and subbed regular tuna, but charged me the same. Toro is a lot more expensive than regular tuna, so I wasn't thrilled about that, but I was expensing dinner, so the cost was really didn't matter. 

That said, if I was actually spending my own money, I definitely would not spend it here. Yeah, I'm not from Arizona, I've always lived by some water, so maybe this is the best you can do here, but I really doubt it.
When I think of Sushi Roku, I am indifferent. 
You know... that feeling... the absence of any emotional reactions.

For me, the dining experience involves so many things. And usually that precedent is set from the moment you walk up to the hostess stand. WHY is this an undervalued position at most restaurants? PLEASE, Sushi Roku, do not put someone at the front desk that cannot seat people properly. After two strolls through the dining room while walking back to tables that weren't open...not once, but twice... I finally asked to just stand where I was until they could find me a seat. 

Maybe it was a bad night for them, who knows. But, if you read my reviews you'll see I'm an overly friendly yelper. The fact that I actually got irritated and let the hostess know I was frustrated speaks high volume.

Moving along, the food was great and the server was great. This wasn't my first time here. I've eaten here several times, including breakfast a few times. The

Dishes we had: 
Organic Garden Salad - Delicious!
Mixed Vegetable Tempura - Broccoli was the best
American Kobe Potsticker "Gyoza" - Loved
Baked Lobster Roll - MUST TRY!
Salmon Sashimi - Maybe wasn't feeling the sushi, just OK

And if you like pear, don't skip the Pear Martini! Garnished with Parmesan Cheese! Amazing flavor and plus a little antipasti bonus.

I've yet to have a full experience at Sushi Roku, but that doesn't mean I'll stop going. It might be one of those ongoing hit and miss situations - I just keep hitting the miss. Looking forward to the hit!
We checked out Sushi Roku at the W for a fun night out with friends and sushi.

The restaurant was surprisingly quiet with an almost empty dining room. The dining room itself is serene and lovely and we were seated in a comfy half-moon banquette table perfect for our party of 4. 

Our server (whose name I am forgetting and I'm so mad at myself!) was excellent - she had a wonderful, fun personality and gave some great suggestions on items to order. 

One of our party is on a very strict diet and asked for vegetable sushi rolls. The server was initially hesitant about this as the way that they usually make vegetarian sushi is different than what my friend was requesting. However, she went to the sushi chef to see what could be done and he was kind enough to accommodate the request. Not only that, but the vegetarian sushi rolls were beautiful! 

We started with delicious yellowtail with ponzu sauce and chiles - it reminded me more of a carpaccio because the yellowtail was very thinly sliced and a bit scarce to find amongst the other elements of the dish. We also got an order of the shishito peppers, as they're usually a favorite of mine! Their shishitos were pretty good, but the ones toward the bottom of the bowl were somewhat greasy and were really overwhelmed by the soy garlic sauce they were prepared in. 

We began with Miso Soup (good, always a great comfort food) and then got a variety of sushi including the obligatory tuna, yellowtail, and salmon as well as scallop, a roll with eel, and a spicy tuna roll. We also ordered the teriyaki jidori chicken skewers, which was tasty. 

We got a few different desserts including the Chocolate Volcano (yummy, as to be expected of a molten chocolate cake pretty much anywhere) and the banana spring rolls, which were not much of a hit.

The floor manager stopped in to check on our table, which was a nice touch and something I always appreciate as we were able to let him know that our server was doing such a nice job.

Overall, service and ambiance were excellent and the food was just okay for the price.
I talked this place up to my friend and was extremely embarrassed I brought him here. We arrived late on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy. The waitress told us there were no tables available and told us we had to sit at the sushi bar. There were several tables available so I have no idea why she made us sit there. I noticed that the menu changed and asked the sushi chef if they had a certain roll I used to order all the time and he said they've never had a roll like that before with an attitude. We place our order and the waiter forgot about a shrimp entree I ordered and didn't even apologize or offer to make up for it. I have always had amazing service here maybe it was an off night or maybe they changed management either way I'm not coming back.
This place is great. Definitely order the spicy hamachi appetizer. Sushi is some of the best I've had in a long time. Highly recommend.
I'm not a huge Sushi person, but our host was, so game on!  I had the Makoto Roll
(Spicy Yellowtail & Shrimp Tempura wrapped wtih Seared Tuna,
Spicy Creamy Sauce 17) and it was the best of all the things we had.  I don't even know what the others ordered, but they were all just ok.  The atmosphere is really chic, the wait staff is helpful and attentive.  Our host had said this was a great place, but I wasn't overly impressed, though I would never say that to him.  Maybe if I was more of sushi person I would have thought more highly of it?
Wish we had tried this restaurant for dinner instead of dashing in for breakfast.  It is conveniently located and promoted within W Hotel.  However, we did...

Other hotel guests were here, but the breakfast was just awful.  

Muffins laced with preservatives and sticky, like the ones you find at convenience stores.  Bacon stiff as a dead stiff.  Redneck toast - skinny, white, and tasteless.

Service was rushed and inattentive.  Except for the beautiful surroundings, this is a place that is unredeemable for American breakfast.
Beautiful sushi, classy ambience and service was good.  Pricey, but it should be given the quality of food.
Awesome! We got a nice cozy booth...had an awesome server-The guy with two names! Haha :) anyway..spicy tuna roll, the edamame, and the kimchee cucumber sunomono were premier! Went two nights..valet was a breeze :) but def a place to dress highline style as patrons are seemingly there to be seen. Haha :) had a blast each night because of how friendly EVERYONE was to us..hostess, mgr., and def our server. Will be back for sure!
My friends I recently went to Sushi Roku after discovering them on the Whistl app for iPhone. We got there at 6, just in time for their happy hour! We were blown away by the ambience of the restaurant, it was modern, but had a timeless sense of class.

We stuck strictly to the happy hour menu, which features 30+ small bites and drink, including sushi rolls. We started with Edamame Hummus w/ Wonton Chips ($3). It was  justt the right consistency, and very refreshing. The edamame and wonton chips were a nice addition that gave this mediterranean dish a fresh asian twist. We also had the America Kobe Meatballs ($4). They were deep fried, but not greasy at all. The dipping sauce was also an excellent paring with the meatballs. Next up was the Hanabi for $5 (Spicy yellowtail on crispy rice). This was by far our favorite. The crunchiness meeting the soft texture of the sushi was out of this world. It was one of the most unique dishes I've ever had at a sushi bar. We also got A Spicy Yellowtail roll and an Albacore Salsa Roll ($3 each). Both were excellent, exactly what'd you'd expect from a cut roll. To top it all off we got the Bana Berry Spring Rolls ($3). The crunchy exterior meeting the sweet, soft center was excellent. The drizzled caramel on top made it only more perfect. 

Overall we had a great experience with the food. We would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys asian cuisine. Also, if you love finding deals like we do, you should definitely check out the Whistl app on the App store. Free to download and no signup!

Enjoy Fellow Foodies!!
Great summer menu going on right now with fun drinks. So convenient if you're staying at the W.
Sundays have Happy Hour alllll day.  That means great drink and food specials just 50 feet away from the gorgeous W Hotel pool.  Great and quick service right in the heart of Old Town.  You can't beat that.
It was ok... Decent food, creative cocktails. Nice modern atmosphere. Not bad for an evening out in Scottsdale.
My husband had to travel to Phoenix for business and the kids and I tagged along.  As luck would have it, my brother (who lives in Texas) was also in the Phoenix area for his company.  He loves sushi and we pretty much only eat California rolls but we are adventurous!  We decided on Sushi Roku.  At first, it was a bit intimidating for my family as we had not idea where to even start on the menu.  My kids are adventurous but if they didn't like sushi, we really didn't have too many other menu items to fall back on.

From the moment we stepped in and until we left, I was impressed.  The restaurant was beautiful and I loved that you can see the sushi chefs creating the dishes so close to our table.  We left the ordering to my brother as we had no idea (I actually thought the "caterpillar roll" on the menu was made with caterpillars).  Dumb, I know.

The food was exceptional!  We ordered:

Edamame Hummus w/Chips
Yellowtail Sashimi (it was so good we ordered 2 plates)
Baked Crab Handroll 
California (of course)
Popcorn Shrimp Tempura w/Jalapeno (excellent - not what I was expecting for a tempura dish)
Spicy Tuna
Mackerel Sushi
Salmon Sushi
Yellowtail Sushi
Stir Fry Chicken Rice
And 2 other rolls that I can't remember

I am happy to say that the food was very good.  My boys tried everything and loved it.   My brother (who eats sushi a lot) said that it was very good.  Our server Max was very attentive and allowed us to put the pace on the meal.  It was a very pleasant evening and now we are wanting to check out a good sushi place when we get back home!

FYI...unless your kids are adventurous eaters and well behaved, this is not the restaurant for kids.  At first we got a lot of strange looks (and some worried) when we walked in with twin 7 year olds.  It is a more upscale adult atmosphere.   But the pace of the dinner and spreading out the dishes kept things interesting for the boys so they were never bored.
Management is awful. I do not recommend this place.
expensive! sushi ok.  i would not go back.
The restaurant was small and somewhat difficult to find.  Our initial impression was that it was almost an afterthought, tucked into an out-of-the-way corner of the hotel; however, after sitting down in the luxurious booth and receiving impeccable service our opinions quickly changed.  Steve, the manager, was personable, professional and knowledgeable.  His recommendations were delicious and prepared as he described them.

The food was served in large quantities at reasonable prices providing a good value.  The quality of the fish and other ingredients was among the best we have tasted.  Our dinner was a unique and memorable experience that we will share and recommend to our friends.  My guest and I will return again.

Shortly after sitting down, Steve, the manager visited our table and introduced himself.  He made eye contact, smiled and in a friendly voice said, "Good evening, I'm Steve one of the managers here."  He explained the concept of the restaurant, briefly reviewed the menu with us and then provided a few recommendations, including the blue fin tuna appetizer.

The manager's behavior was not only personable, but he was professional and knowledgeable.  He made several suggestions we enjoyed and described them to us accurately.

The tables were spaced with a generous amount of room and uniformly set with the silverware wrapped in cloth napkins.  We did not see any flowers in the restaurant. The service stations in the dining room appeared to be clean, organized and well maintained.  The linens, china, silverware, check presenter and glassware were clean and without defects. The booth and table were sturdy and comfortable. 

Bluefin Tuna
The bluefin tuna was a large serving presented cold with a sauce made from soy and onions.  It was artistically served surrounded by small pieces of pickled wasabi, seaweed, green onions and a small purple flower.  The tuna was fresh and tasted like a prime cut found in the belly portion of the fish.  The bluefin tuna exceeded our expectations.

Kobe Skewer
Two medium size skewers of American Kobe beef served hot and grilled to a proper medium.  The meat was flavorful and was coated with a black pepper robata-yaki sauce.  We enjoyed this appetizer, but did not find it to be a memorable part of the meal.

Bass Dinner
The Stripped Bass was artistically presented on four medium sized leaves with a ginger soy sauce, snap peas and baby bok choy. It was a light and delicate entree accented by a fresh and flavorful sauce.  The serving size was large and could serve one to two guests.  This entree exceeded our expectations.

Shima Roll
The shima roll was a large serving of spicy tuna surrounded by cooked shrimp.  The fish was artistically combined with rice, cilantro and avocado.  The entree tasted fresh and flavorful and would serve one to two guests.  The shima roll exceeded our expectations.

Baked Crab Hand Roll
The Baked crab roll was made from fresh crab in a light hand roll with a delicate soy based sauce.  It was served hot and cut into two large pieces.  It was a generous serving for two guests and exceeded our expectations. 

Creme Brulee
The creme brulee was a traditional custard recipe flavored with vanilla beans and topped with a torched burnt sugar crust and garnished with a boysenberries.  It was served cold and large enough for one guest.  The ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful.  The creme brulee exceeded our expectations.

Banana Spring Rolls
The banana spring rolls offered four different dessert style spring rolls served hot with a syrupy banana sauce and home-made vanilla ice cream artistically dusted with chocolate sprinkles.  This was a large dessert that could serve from one to two guests.  It was a flavorful dessert that exceeded our expectations.
Went here for dinner with some girlfriends on Saturday night. It has a nice clean and trendy atmosphere with some tasty bite. It's a little pricy, as are most decent sushi restaurants. They cocktails are yummy, I had a refreshing St. Germaine, as well as some miso soup and veggie tempura. Good place for girls night, or dates. If you're a resident of Scottsdale, they are even featuring a locals discount until Labor Day... Thumbs up to that management!
I go here for lunch a couple times a month because our office is just across the street. I've tried just about every nigiri on the menu and it's always fresh and impeccably prepared. (The octopus was really tough once but that happens with octopus sometimes.) The lunch bento boxes are delicious as well.

The happy hour menu has a great selection of appetizers and drinks. My favorites are the chicken skewers, hanabi, and California hand rolls. 

Overall, I highly recommend Sushi Roku if you're looking for good sushi in the Phoenix area.  I'm from Vancouver where sushi is king, and Sushi Roku is one of the few Phoenix restaurants that comes close in comparison.
Since I live in Florida I'm a little spoiled with good sushi quality. I didn't feel this restaurant had great sushi and it was extremely overpriced.
Overpriced sushi, underwhelming small portion specialties, and arrogant, W-type servers. A scene for some (skanky women and douchey men in trucker hats), overpriced hotel food for most.
Awful service. Stated couldn't split a 6 person check because he couldn't remember what each of us ordered.. When we labeled them for him still got it wrong. Manager was no help stated that he just wanted us in and out and he didn't even apologize for the issue plus HE was wearing diamond earrings with a tux. If I want to go to a nice restaurant and have a $300 bill I shouldn't have to deal with bad service and will take my business elsewhere.
My friend had a gift card for Sushi Roku and asked me to help him spend it and I was glad I could help! We were a little early so we sat in the bar with Regis who was super cool and outgoing. We had a couple of mojitos that were too sweet for us but still pretty good. We ate the spicy yellowtail, kobe potstickers and tempura shrimp. The yellowtail was amazing! We then got seated by a nice hostess (tall blond) and were put in Justins station. Needless to say, he was awesome! The happy hour on sundays is phenomenal. Half priced bottles of wine. So, we imbibed. My friend asked Justin a ton of questions and was borderline annoying but Justin kept his cool and treated us well. The manager, Stephen came by and was also very professional and courteous. We had the filet wrapped asparagus and the short ribs  were delicious. Overall, we had a fantastic time and would definitely return.
Great location in the W and the food was good but I would not exceptional.  In addition made reservations but they were not able to seat us for almost 40 minutes - made the reservation more or less pointless.  

Overall the crunchy tuna roll was my favorite.  Nothing was bad but that definitely stuck out from the 10 dishes we ordered.
While staying at the Indigo on business, I was referred to this place by my hotel bartender after I asked for a simple sushi place close by.

Simple it surely was; there were only a few people at the sushi bar and maybe two or three couples at the tables. Actually it was a bit boring, but then again, a quiet, no-frills experience was what I had asked for. Perhaps Wednesday is a slow night.

What I gleaned from my experience was:

1. High sushi quality, on par with what I have found elsewhere in Scottsdale.

2. Good service; I was asked very frequently how things tasted or if I wanted anything further. You might say this was due to the slow night, but I have certainly experienced poor service at restaurants under the same conditions.

3. Low prices, certainly relative to what you get in this neighborhood. I believe that for six nigiri pieces, a roll, and a small sake; the total including tax was $27. Not too shabby.

The high quality I had expected out of a Scottsdale joint; the high value I did not. The only reason this place did not receive 5 stars was that it had a bit of a strong smell. Not fishy, more reminiscent of fried food. Perhaps a tempura order went out of control; things happen. It was not unbearable... yet I could smell it on my clothes later that evening. Then again, I am sometimes overly sensitized to smells. Rest assured, will still go back to Sushi Roku next time.
Awesome experience every time! Everyone is great and so is the food! Happy Hours always great for taking a load off. Definite place for anyone to visit and get dinner or enjoy the happiness of Hours!
This is by far the best sushi establishment I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. The staff was unbelievably helpful. Our server, Max, was so knowledgable, my girlfriend and I didn't even have to order ourselves. He would bring is things to try and everything was amazing. Truly an experience I will never forget. I don't think I could ever go anywhere else after being so spoiled by the great staff and amazing sushi. Great job!!
I wish I could say something. Anything. But, all I got is nothing, because that's what I got before I left the most craptastic table known to mankind.

I never heard of this place before until a friend suggested that I go because they were having their 5 year anniversary special. If I liked it, my job was to report back to my entire sorority so they could try it out on another day and we would be a group of happy fatties. If I didn't, at least I didn't pay full price. My sister and I were pumped to go as it would be a new experience in Old Town. My phone was charged; I was gonna take an ungodly amount of photos of my food. I called to make reservations and they told me that they had limited tables and I would be at a high-top table. I'm not usually one for such seating but I understood that they would be packed so I took it with joy and excitement.

I got there early and checked-in with the hostess who said that my table was ready and all they had to do was clean it. You know the feeling when they lead you to a table next to the kitchen entrance, the bathroom, or some reckless child throwing spaghetti who needs to be tied up Silence of the Lambs style? Well, let me challenge that.

They had moved a high-top table from the bar area into the lit walkway where everyone walked in and out, but pushed it toward the wall where there was absolutely no light. I thought Cornish Pasty was dark, but where it was placed, I needed to turn my phone on just to talk to my sister across the little 2 ft. wide table. You could tell that a table wasn't supposed to be put there because well ... it was a walkway. If a party of more than 4 was coming through, one of us would definitely be bumped into. It only had 2 chairs, 2 settings but I reserved for 3. They said they knew and would set it up, even though I looked and the table was already clean and set? We waited for about 20 minutes and finally hunger overtook my sister who got up and asked if we could sit down. They told the same excuse to us they told everyone else 'We're waiting for some tables to move." My hopes for a better table soared like an American Eagle, but not another second longer did they shut down my dreams like the government. They pointed to the same table, and we awkwardly sat down ... while my boyfriend stood up waiting for the chair they still hadn't placed. There were at least 4 employees standing at the hostess podium, 2 feet away, just walking around my boyfriend like he had suddenly turned into stone. 

The chair came 5 minutes later, but only because of my boyfriend's invisible yet oh so intense laser beam eyes gored into the back of their heads. No menus were given to us the entire time we sat. Once again, we are sitting so close to the hostess podium, I could play patty-cake with them. Then we waited until our server came, who immediately told us that we couldn't sit there if we were just waiting for a table, and that we would have to excuse ourselves to the bar area. 

That was pretty much the last straw. Not even cheap Chili's would give this kind of rude service. My sister told her that we were her table but we were leaving. I walked the 2 steps over to the 4 hosts who looked baffled as to why we was leaving, but even a 3 year old watching Dora could have figured it out quicker than them.

We left and walked over to HiFi disgruntled, but even there we got better service even with the unwanted boobies all up in our faces. 

Basically, I am appalled at what happened. I understand that you're packed with such an awesome special going on but lord did they over-estimate the crowd, taking reservations when they shouldn't have, giving tables to customers that not even a cave troll would deserve, and the lack of communication between the front of the house and the dining floor. People go out of their way to try new places and if you can't be organized without being blinded by profit, why should we as customers waste gas just to be shafted. We left so frustrated and sad, not even getting the slightest chance to try anything that we had drooled over previously through Yelp photos. Not even a freaking glass of water.
Never been here before, but they were having a "half-off" promotion to celebrate their birthday.  Basically half off your entire bill.  Great deal.  However if I was to judge this place based on their normal prices, I'm not sure I would've considered this place worth the money.

The place is set on the bottom floor of W Hotel in Scottsdale and it meshes very well with the reputation and the vibe of the hotel.  Hip, sheik, trendy, while at times bordering on over the top.  The hostesses are screaming at the sushi bar everytime they walk their guests to their tables (sounded like they were yelling fishaaaay or something).  Got really annoying after awhile.  But I digress.

For the appetizer we got the crispy rice asparagus.  Basically an asparagus skewer covered in a fried batter of rice and peanuts.  The saltiness took me by surprise.  Not bad, but not what I anticipated.  For the main dish, we got the twelve piece assortment to share.  In reality it was more of a 20 piece dish as they served a mixture of california rolls, crab tempura, and a mix of different sashimis.  Basically reads like a greatest hits menu.  The albacore and octopus weren't really my thing, but the crab, tuna, and salmon were all pretty good.  It was more than enough sushi for two.  We washed it down with some saki of course.  For dessert we had a chocolate lava cake.  They got this one right, as the chocolate was moist on the outside and liquid hot on in the inside.

All totaled, one appetizer plus the sushi assortment, saki for two, dessert for two, with the 50% discount and tip was $55.  Great deal with the discount.  Normal prices are somewhat in line with some of the popular sushi venues I've been to (though you pay a little more for the venue I'd imagine).  Personally I like going to the small local mom and pop Japanese establishments like Hana, Tokyo Lobby, and Cherryblossom.  The prices are right, the quality is just as good (if not better), and its feels like a more authentic experience.  But thats just me.  If you're not picky about atmosphere or price and just want a sushi fix, this trendy Scottsdale spot will suffice.
Good sushi, a bit on the expensive side compared to all the other sushi near by. Service was attentive and helpful as my cocktail took a while to make it to the table.
We came here during anniversary week which meant our food was half off! What a great special and they were slammed. We will definitely go back even with out a special going on.

We started off with the sashimi which was yellow tail with a spicy sauce and fresh cut cucumber and jalapenos on top. YUM this was probably our favorite out of everything. The we got a couple of rolls  - soft shell crab and a crispy spicy tuna. The soft shell crab was huge and delicious. Great fresh flavor. The spicy tuna though is part of the reason for a star deduction. I was under the impression it would be, well... spicy and, well... crunchy. It was neither. The flavor of the fish was good and the sushi itself but the batter wasn't cooked until it was crispy so it took a lot of the flavor away instead of enhancing it. 

We finished the night off with tempura popcorn shrimp which was very close behind the sashimi. These things are so delicious and popable and its a huge portion that could have easily been shared between 4 people instead of two. It comes with shaved asparagus and mushrooms and the sauce is just creamy and delicious.

Our server Kristen was amazing. She was just so cute and patient with the two tables next to us (one was really annoying and demanding and outright rude and the other just needed a lot of attention). 

The other reason for my star deduction is that when a new guest comes in and is seated, the hostess yells out something that sounds like "airhsay" (totally butchered that but I dont know how to spell it) and the sushi chefs and staff yell it back. After hearing it about 50 times during our meal and having it interrupt our conversation, you just get mad about it. Please take note staff of the restaurant...its not you guys its the yelling during the meal! Its really, really annoying.

Anyway, I was very happy with everything in the end and would definitely go back there for sushi (I have been really picky about where I eat sushi out here).
Excellent food in every category....FRESH and delicious, presentation and exotic selection. I love the yellowtail sashimi style YUM and the grilled asparagus & steak....yes you can have steak there too. I took clients to dinner and our server CJ was brilliant guiding us through the menu and making recommendations. Also, Cody the manager made sure we had everything we wanted. The head chef even payed a visit to our table asking if we enjoyed the food, and yes we did!! The restaurant is a winner for impressing your clients or casual night out with friends. You'll love the ambiance too.
Overall: good but meh.

I have been staying at the W in Scottsdale for work for the past month, so I've eaten here a few times.  The sushi is pretty good, but honestly nothing spectacular.  Pretty standard special rolls.  Definitely nothing wrong about it.  I have also had the chicken entree.  The eggplant appetizer might take the cake at this place.  

The overall vibe reminds me of the W hotel.  It's trying a little too hard to be trendy.  Dim lights (like, too dim... I've bumped into a couple people here because I can't see two feet in front of me.   Can I get a little more than 2 watts up in here?), modern decor, etc. etc.  It's a good go-to for hotel guests, but I wouldn't travel out of my way to go.
Located at The W Hotel in Scottsdale, AZ, Sushi Roku is a hip, lounge-y, fun Japanese restaurant.  

I had the pleasure of staying at The W for a training seminar I was attending and my coworker and I were addicted to Sushi Roku as soon as we got there.  We ate at this restaurant on 3 different occasions and were never bored with their food or atmosphere.  

We tried a few appetizers; spicy edamame and a shrimp dumpling soup which was to die for!  So flavorful, I could have eaten just that...but ofcourse it didn't stop there.  We also had a few of their speciality rolls *don't remember which ones...sorry, as well as some sashimi and the Miso glazed Sea Bass with mash potatoes...yummy!  All were very good and I would have again, but I have to compliment the waitstaff, bartenders and manager who made a lasting impression.  We dined at the bar our last night and everyone was SUPER friendly and made us feel like apart of their 'Sushi Roku Family'....you guys rock!

Till next time...Irrishai-mase!!
Not the BEST SUSHI EVER, but not bad. Slightly over priced, but to be expected in Scottsdale. Our waiter was really adorbs. He went through basically the entire menu with us after we said we hadn't been there before, giving suggestions and letting us know what was his favorite. Started with shishito peppers (ok, would have been better without the sauce) and green beans (sister enjoyed, I was meh, just didn't care the sauce). We went with the chefs special which included 12 pieces of his choice, a California roll, and a spicy tuna roll. I think it was about $40? Not awful and the pieces were tasty. The best of the meal for me was the sake sampler. 3 almost-double shots of different sakes for $12. YUM.
If you are looking for a chic, elegant and youthful evening out then this can go into the suggestion barrel.   The W is like a modern movie set with lots of beautiful people running around.  Our waiter was a bloke from Brooklyn and he was fantastic--knowledgeable, charming and efficient.

The food really was delicious.  My wife had a plate of grilled vegetables that were excellent and my steak could not have been better.  Our daughters had noodles and sushi and, again, delicious.

Okay for you Japanese purists out there.  We sat next to a group of 4 Japanese adults who didn't have enough English to get through Run Jane Run.  As they left, I obnoxiously tapped one on the shoulder to ask what he thought of the restaurant's Japanese food and he articulately stated, "Not Japanese food".  Oh well, I enjoyed my American meal.
Came in for lunch specials with fellow Yelp-er, since dinner seemed overpriced. The sashimi salad and bento box with tempura veggies and miso cod was excellent. Nice to see a sushi place that knows how to cook fish.
Food was tasty but not outstanding. You're paying for the upscale and  trendy atmosphere (though I wouldn't expect any less from the W hotel). 

Fellow yelper Dorothy C. and I came here for the lunch specials. 
We shared the sashimi salad which came with 6 pieces of sashimi, iceberg lettuce, and ginger dressing and also split the bento box with miso cod and veggie tempura. Servers are very attentive.
Sushi Roku used to be our favorite sushi restaurant in the area. We've been here to celebrate an anniversary, a birthday, and fun date nights whenever we got the craving for sushi. Unfortunately, the quality seems to have declined in the past year. Our most recent experience left a bad taste in our mouth and I don't think we'll be returning any time soon.

We came here on a Friday night before the Christmas holiday and were surprised the restaurant was playing such loud club music. We joked that we felt we were eating on the dance floor. The ambiance just wasn't as inviting or classy as it was previously. Things went downhill from here.. 

The Katana Roll was not as flavorful as it has been in the past and the presentation was different. For a $17 "specialty sushi roll" we were expecting something special and were left quite disappointed.

The Caterpillar Roll was also not as good as it has been in the past. I could've sworn that this inside out roll used to include crab meat inside, but our server said that I must be thinking of their Dragon Roll. I highly doubt it because the Dragon Roll isn't even on the menu. In any case, this roll was also quite disappointing and definitely not worth the hefty $16 price. The roll had a tiny piece of unagi inside, which was cold rather than hot and freshly cooked. 

All in all, quite disappointing and sad that the quality of this once 5 star place has declined to the point that I can't rate it higher than 3 stars.
I typically don't venture into old town in the evening, but went to Sushi Roku for a client dinner. The atmosphere was really fun, and the food was great. I actually don't eat Sushi, but everyone at my table said it was incredible. I got a filet and it was great.
Great sushi place, probably the best in Scottsdale.


Great ambiance and design, good service and great manager.

The W is pretty much always on point with its restaurant partners. 

Try the diced Chilies and hamachi. Amazing.
Came here for a birthday party of about 20 people.  The sashimi was so small I ate all 4 pieces in one bite.  After that disappointment I got my sushi.  I got the jalepeno roll.  Wasn't very spicy.  All in all average sushi.  This was a birthday party for 3 people I will add and by the time they brought out the birthday cake over half the party had left as we had finished our meal about an hour prior and there was only a handful of people left.

At the end of the night the wait staff tried to charge us all for items we didn't order which included $65 dollars in bottled water.  After we disagreed we asked to speak to a manager who shrugged the whole thing off and walked off during our conversation (possibly to admire his over priced suit in the mirror) leaving us wondering what the outcome was.  About 20 minutes later we decided to finally leave.  Not paying for overpriced bottled water.

This place is probably perfect for you if you want to get drunk and go upstairs and listen to horrible dance music after a average to below average meal
The sushi is ok but the eye candy is ridiculous.  People in scottsdale don't wear clothes.  Its amazing
Kinda pricey but food is amazing.
Located on the first floor of the W Hotel in Scottsdale, this is the best place for Japanese food.  Very well presented but of course the prices are a little higher than I like to pay for Sushi. 
Very dark atmosphere but that goes for the entire hotel so it's no surprise the restaurant is dark as well. Very comfortable seating and great service.  The waitress always was attentive to my needs. (and attractive too!)
Since I am only here for work I try to take advantage of the immediate area but I always end up back at this place.
Agree with other reviewers. Expensive but it's located in the W so I would expect to pay $17 a roll (not with a smile.) Sushi was fresh but nothing unique or interesting. Straightforward. Shima roll with jalapeo is a nice fresh spicy choice. If you're looking for a no thrills sushi place with a lounge vibe and good service this will do you great.
Wow. Is the only word I can think of. Menu is beyond imagination. Excellent   Will return.
Fantastic late dinner! Our server, Jess, was very attentive, and recognized my wife's chocolatini (special request, not on menu) wasn't as requested. Very inventive menu. I recommend the beef tataki app! We had sushi rolls and a couple cocktails. Perfect! Thee Wagyu roll was ridiculously good. I remembered a "free white choc brownie" offer somewhere, and Jess was quick to ask if I was on Yelp!.....and yes, it was amazing.
Sushi Roku stakes claim to an amazing ambiance. The modern vibe and styling of the W Hotel that Roku is located in, carried over and translated very well into the restaurant. I loved the upscale and hip vibe! My party and I decided to each order a roll... We're from California and are spoiled with our fresh seafood. There was a question mark on how the sushi in Scottsdale would compare to that of the bay area. Everyone was VERY pleased with both the portion sizes and the quality. The lobster roll was a table favorite. For dessert, we ordered the dessert spring rolls. They were amazing!!!!!!! Um... think spring roll filled with berries. banana, and paired with vanilla ice cream. Now, imagine what heaven would taste like, and there was our rolls!

Next time I find myself in Scottsdale, I would absolutely return!
The menu had some really great looking things on it but the actual food didn't deliver.  We had...

1.  Filet wrapped asparagus - some of the lowest quality filet meat (if it really was filet) I have ever had.  So chewy and fatty that I had to spit out several pieces.  Kind of awkward when the server picks up your cloth napkin and a bunch of chewed up meat balls come flying out of it onto the table.

2.  Albacore sushi - tasted very fishy.  That's all I have to say about that.

3.  Eel and avocado roll - eel was fishy and chewy (kind of a mix between and the filet and albacore)...the rice was hard.

4.  Chicken stuffed peppers - extremely salty and oily.

5.  Truffle oil edamame - excellent!

6.  Green tea - excellent!  

The atmosphere is great and it's connected to the W hotel so there is some fun people watching but don't count on good sushi.
We were at the w waiting for Gretchen rossi's fashion show to start when we decided we would get something nearby to eat. Roku sushi is connected to the upstairs pool area, so we walked down to see if they could fit us in. It was very busy as it was a Friday night. However the hostess was able to find us a table outside. The servers and server assistants were all very helpful. We ordered drinks as well as the sushi for two people platter. Three people asked to take our drink order and three people asked if we received our order. The sushi came out first which raised a flag to ask where were the drinks we ordered.  When we finally got the drinks everything else went smoothly and the sushi was very good. The server also took it upon herself to surprise us a molten chocolate cake dessert for our wait on the drinks. Very kind and generous and I appreciate the empowerment. I know things like this happen, so I was very impressed she went beyond the call of duty to keep a certain level of service. I would say this was fantastic.
Food was ok nothing spectacular for the price. The Vegas roll was not on the menu but the chef made it for us. I do admit that was nice and it was a good roll. The specialty drinks were good as well. We were here for a friends bday and this is when it went downhill. It took 15 minutes to receive our drinks, it took so long we would order our second round before even finishing our first. Our server rarely came around and was not very educated. Sadly I am giving them two stars not for the food but for the service we received. With paying that much for a meal/drinks I expect much more then what sushi roku provided. I do not think I will be back.
Oh where do I begin ... 
So we arrive -- 10 min before our reservation time of 9p. We didn't get seated until 40 min after the hour. To be squeezed in a booth -- set up for 6. Although our party is of 7. Asked for an additional place setting 2x before received. 
The waiter, an underaged looking young man, id's us after getting our drink order, and takes 15-20 min to return with said drinks. And serves us tap water after clearly stating bottled. 
The food... Sushi- subpar... The entrees- burnt... He said it was "smoked" ... Yea no, it's burned buddy. Drinks - weak!
The people... So, this woman has her child.. Yes child ...  sitting at the table with underwear and no shoes and she's making out with this gentleman while her child is damn near naked. (Side eye)
Shall I say.. Never again!
Loved the atmosphere - two separate areas that are both trendy. We sat in the area with the sushi bar which was more romantic. The service was great - we didn't have to ask for someone at all (granted it wasn't a busy night). 

Our favorite things were the blue fin sashimi and the knife jaw snapper sashimi. We also ordered another red snapper sashimi, yellowtail diced chilies, yellowtail roll, tako rolls, spicy octopus roll, Katana roll, and Makato roll.

We ordered the Passion fruit and spice and honeydew drink which were both refreshing. Overall a great experience, fresh fish and good service.
I made reservations through yelp/open table because of the rave reviews for sunday at 6:30 p.m. I absolutely loved the atmosphere. Being that they were located inside of The W hotel, I knew it would be a lively and festive atmosphere. The hostess was very nice and pleasant. The restaurant was fairly empty but I arrived pretty early in the day. 

The sushi rolls were fantastic. This was some of the best sushi I had while in the Scottsdale area. I tried the spicy tuna, scallop roll, and the spicy edamame (which was also great by the way). Our waitress was very accommodating and the service was top notch. I would definitely recommend this place on service and quality of their sushi. I'm sure this place gets live after hours however we didn't stay long enough to find out.
We were staying at the W and decided to grab dinner here one night. Very friendly wait staff.

Ordered truffle edamame, crunch spicy tuna roll, makato roll, and popcorn shrimp tempura.

Truffle edamame - loved it, great flavor
The sushi rolls were good, nothing amazing.
Shrimp tempura was also ok.

Overall food was ok/ good- nothing exceptional.
Excellent sushi!! Very fresh fish. Loved the carpaccios and the yellow fin spicy roll.
Very friendly and attentive servers.
For dessert we had the mochi which are great! The strawberry one is delicious! 
Loved that they had champagne- elderflower cocktails, my current favorite!!
Was recently there for a friends birthday party.  The portions were very small and expensive.  I order the grill chicken as the entre, Lets just say as an avid griller theirs was no comparison to mine, There was no taste to it had no spices or anything, they grilled aplain piece of chicken and covered it in cheap teriyaki sauce, as for the mashed potatos they were plain too, seemed to be fake potatos not real ones no flavor or spices, they also had grilled asperagus on the plate too, also plain no flavor.. To top it all off I was forced to pay 20% gratuity for avaerage service.
Great place for lunch in Scottsdale! Free valet parking, and you can also hang out at the pool upstairs afterwards. It's a great way to beat the heat! They have bento boxes for $10-$15. Can't beat a deal like that, especially since it is very fresh fish. Excellent sushi!
The crunchy tuna was mushy so I decided to go with an even easier dish, chicken fried rice. It was over seasoned with so much pepper but some how some pieces got none of the seasoning and was burnt. They even over poured on my mixed liquor causing me to miss out on all the mango and spice that my Mango and Spice Was supposed to have. I gave this 2 stars because the service was top notch but the place was pretty empty. I won't be back anytime soon.
We are regulars at Sushi Roku and had dinner there last night; as always the dinner was amazing.  The restaurant has great atmosphere and the management team is fantastic.  If you are looking for suggestions on Sushi rolls, just ask.  They are always spot on.  Stick around after and have a cocktail and listen to music in the bar next door.  The Katana Roll, Baked Lobster Roll and the Spicy Tuna Jalapeno rolls are a few of our favorites.
So I had read good reviews on the other sites and one of my coworkers at another branch had indicated Z Pizza was good eats. When the location at Monroe and 1st Ave opened, I was very excited since it's just across the corner from my office. There are a few pizzas ready for by-the-slice options--all have proven to be very good. My boss ordered a salad and she liked it; however, as a rule of thumb I don't order salads as a meal. Overall, I really like the pizza, the setting is clean and appears to be efficiently laid out, and being so close to my work could get me in trouble (but that's totally my fault). With the weather cooling off, I'm sure their patio will see increased traffic.

There are signs indicating beer and wine are on their way so that will be a plus.

We're ordering from here today as an office meal, so I'll be updating with this experience.

If you're in the downtown area, check out Z Pizza.
I like to think of Z Pizza as the pizza chain for people who think they are being healthy and "cool" when they put fresh veggies on a pizza. I ordered a couple times when I used to live at 3rd street and Thomas and they would deliver to my house. I have to say, when they opened this location, I started thinking back to all my previous experiences and wasn't really that excited about this one opening, but it is something new nonetheless. 

I went in for lunch one day, and ordered a couple of slices, with a drink. It was like $6 and I was extremely..... extremely dissapointed. The girls behind the counter were very helpful, but that seemend to be the end of it. The pizza came out very quickly, which made me wonder to begin with but the damn things were still somewhat cold... and rock hard. It was some of the shittiest pizza slices I'd had in a long time. Most places are just warming up already made pizza, and at a lot of places it still rocks. NOT HERE. 

I'm sure the experience might be different if I ordered a whole pizza, but they wont deliver to my house 5 blocks away so I'm not gonna try. Hey, dumbasses, buy a $75 bicycle with a pizza rack on it and offer to deliver to local homes and businesses within like a half a mile. I GUARANTEE you will make your $75 investment back in a couple weeks or less. 

I have a totally indifferent opinion of the place, but would give it 4 stars if they got a bicycle delivery system in place.
O M G!! 

So today our main guy called in sick so we had to bring in another person who could fulfill his duties. It sounds impressive, but it's just a really cool title. So, anyway, this other guy, Patrick, decided to buy us all lunch on his corporate card. While I'm not one to take advantage of the company's hospitality, I was more than willing to forgo the Curry Chicken Sandwich I've had the past two time (flippin'' out of this world for a sandwich, with the bread slightly on the dry side but no soggies is a good thing) and opt for the calzone. Please, someone kick me in the nuts! Even though I had to wait an hour for my allotted lunch time and the calzone wasn't at its optimal temperature, I swear I leaked just a little during my first three bites. Oddly enough, I opted for the veggie version of this Italian classic which surprised one of my coworkers significantly--she thinks she's converting me to the meatless way of life but have I a different story to tell. Sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes melded with my roasted garlic sauce and mozzarella and ricotta cheese [in all fairness, I think the ricotta was added in error but I'm not complaining!]. While I'd normally take 45 minutes to finish any meal at work, this sucker was gone in under 15 minutes. :sigh: I almost needed a cigarette after that experience. Thank you, z-pizza, for allowing me to experience at work what only the bravest of souls have already--an orgasm.
Z Pizza I love you.  Screw Bianco's.  You are the best pizza joint in my book.  Every time I go, I get something fresh and delicious.  I used to always make custom calzones which were always to die for, but I mysteriously switched to pizza one day, and I haven't looked back.  After a bark at the park day I decided to try some of their pepperoni pizza that they had out and it was sooooo good.  That's all I get now.  The pepperoni is just perfectly spicy and the cheese is delicious and gooey.  Isn't that what pizza should be like?  Oh yeah, the crust.  I don't really like pizza crust unless I can cover it in ranch, but there is something about the crust here that is so good.  It's light and kind of fluffy.  It's substantial but not too thick.  Yum.  Plus, I can walk to this place from my house in like 5 minutes.  Score.  Thank you ZPizza for opening downtown, you made my dreams come true.
Z pizza is outstanding value for gourmet pizza. I usually go here for lunch as I work downtown and its just a quick walk. For 7 bucks you can get two slices and a soda not too bad. On average there are about 6 speciality slices to choose from. Today I ate the Moroccan and the Italian followed by a single slice of pepperoni. The staff is super friendly and the little pizza place is nice and clean. This is a good place to enjoy lunch and have a view of the light rail. It makes you feel like you are truly in a metro! Pizza is a little bit buttery, the slices are thin and the toppings are fresh. Good Pizza!
FOOD:
The pizza is a little thin for my liking but it tastes great and the sauce is yummy. I had to blot off the grease with a napkin becuase it was a little much for me.
The salad was fantastic. The salad is composed of mixed greens- no the yucky iceberg you usually get. Even the basic salad that can come with the pizza was huge. I could have just ordered the salad.  

AMBIANCE
Nothing special about the inside of the place. There are a few TVs that you can watch while you eat- if you like that sort of thing. 

The only major drawback was that they kept the doors open (it was nice outside) but there were gnats all over the place- kinda gross.
I went here today for lunch with a few co-workers, and really enjoyed it. Apparently this place is a chain (I had no idea) and they have locations in SoCal, but I've never been; maybe I'll have to pay them a visit once I get back home.

The restaurant itself is a fast-food-ish feeling place with a decent amount of seating. I ordered the 1-slice + salad combo (cheese pizza, caesar salad), and was pleased to find the slices were nice and big and the salad was also pretty good-sized...I hate it when restaurants skimp on their lunch portions. I enjoyed both the salad and the pizza -- I'm not about to claim that they were the best I've ever had, but they were tasty and filled me up, so I'm a happy camper. They also have some other interesting pizzas, such as the Tuscan, Greek, Santa Fe, Thai, etc...the ones they had on-hand today didn't thrill me, but I'd like to go back again and try one of their more unusual-flavored pizzas.

Also, I love the fact that they have their nutrition facts on their website, AND as it turns out, their pizzas/salads aren't terribly high in calories/fat/etc. That is thrilling for me. I'll definitely be back.
Love zpizza.  Where else can you get cremini and shitake mushrooms, truffle oil, capers or eggplant  on a delivery pizza?  And, the crust?  It's yummy.  I like it in wheat . .. it's a little crispier.  And, their flour and marinara is organic, which can't hurt.  And, last, the XL pizza is huge.  WTF is Dominos, Papa Johns etc all excited about their piddly 14" pizza made out of crap?
This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch in downtown Phoenix for two reasons: The food is good and I love that you can sit at the long table in front of the window and watch the light rail and traffic go by. I really dig their balsamic dressing on the house salad (it's a pretty good size) and the pepperoni pizza is very tasty, not greasy. Oh, and the staff is always friendly and fast.
2 slices of pizza and a blue moon for 9 bucks?

yeah. the other slice is in my frig.. finished the first slice before the blue moon. that says a lot. i just don't know what.
$1.65/ oz. for salad.

I bought a pear and gorgonzola salad to go. Price: $7.04.  I was shocked at how small the salad was and complained. They could do "nothing" about it.   When I got back to my office, I weighed the salad.  With paper plate, plastic cover, and the small plastic container of dressing on the side .....  7.2 ounces.

When I had finished the salad I weighed the plate, etc. They came to exactly 3 ounces. So the actual salad weighed 4.2 ounces.  That comes to about $1.65/ounce.

A ripoff.
Pizza here is too salty and oily.  They don't really do less cheese when asked.  Plus expensive - personal pizza plus very plain side salad = $18!  I do appreciate the soy cheese, soy burger and whole wheat crust.  And the folks are very nice.  But the pizza quality could be better.  Plus, better hot sauce!  All they have is some runny mildly hot stuff.  What is pizza without Sriracha?
I stopped in their last night right before I hit up the Jamie Foxx concert at the Dodge Theater. It's a cute little place. Very, clean and quite quiet on a Thursday evening. But then again it was technically after hours (7pm) in the downtown area so unless major is going on it just may be like this all the time. 

The guy that took care of me was really sweet. I wish I would have gotten his name. He was patient as I was trying to decide on the only slice of pizza I wanted. LOL In the end I choose a huge slice of piping hot pepperoni and for under $3.00 for my slice, not to shabby. 

I sat myself down and watched some of the college football game and enjoyed my wonderfully delicious slice of pepperoni pizza. I swear their was pepperoni in ever bite. It wasn't greasy and the crust was just perfect. He even checked up on me to make sure I didn't want a second slice. My mind was screaming YES, YES but alas I was good and politely declined.

Very friendly, very clean, great prices and damn good pizza. They have tons of specials so you can't go wrong. Check this place out if you haven't already.
eh.

bad service.

One night my family and I went in about 40 mins until closing, and boy did they look UNHAPPY! Seriously though..40 mins til closing time and they couldn't muster up a semi-sincere greeting. Whatever. 

I can't even remember the pizza.
Always friendly, always clean, always fresh, always quick, always delicious. I go here for lunch all the time.  Especially when I crave the yummy pizza creations or the greek salad or even when I'm not sure where I want to go - I know I'll always find something I like. There are always a good choice of pizzas to get a slice from (meat and not-meat varieties) and plenty of choices for your own pie.  My favorites are the Greek pizza, the Napoli, and the one with eggplant and pine nuts.  Yum!  The new appetizer with hummus and pita is also delicious!  

I like that you can get the salad and a slice lunch combo, and upgrade to a specialty salad for just a dollar more.  For a while there, I was always getting the Greek pizza and a Greek Salad.  One time, the guy at the register asked my name and when I told him he said, "That's right, I remember now.  I knew you were the "Greek girl," but I couldn't remember your name."  That's when I decided it was time to change up the order. =)

P.S. Go on "Two for Tuesday" when you can get two pizzas for the price of one (not slices) or just one for half price!!
The rating is because of the gluten-free crust. Anyone who is gluten-free knows pizza is tough to come by. This is my third shot at a gf crust, and it's a ton better than the others. Thin, fairly crispy (not easily done gf) and good. I got the napoli (tomatoes and basil), and they have a bunch of other specialty pies. Very casual and they do slices. A definite pizza stop downtown.
I placed an order on z pizza's website. Holy confusing! adding individual ingredients to your "cart"? I ordered the napoli pizza, so I couldn't understand why there were so many items in my cart. When I went to pick up my pizza, my order wasn't ready, and as it turns out, was sent to the Peoria location. Luckily, the restaurant was completely empty, so they whipped up my order in about 15 minutes.

We ordered the pear and gorgonzola salad which was really good, and actually a decent size for splitting between two people. We also ordered the napoli pizza which was ok. It has a garlic sauce instead of a red sauce, with basil, and tomatoes. To be honest, I was a little disappointed with the lack of flavor. Reading some reviews, it had been compared to Pizzeria Bianco, so I had fairly high expectations. 

However, it's convenient (yay for delivery!), organic, and they do sell pizza by the slices. So I'll definitely be back and plan to try more of their specialty pizzas.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
8 Food
9 Service
8 Atmosphere
8 Value

I have a pretty strong "no reviews of chains" rule.  Partly because I do not like chains for a variety of economic and community reasons, and partly because everyone already knows exactly what they offer so why waste my time.

So Z Pizza is easily the most chainy place I've now reviewed (except for that one where I had to 1-star a Subway, those summa bitches).  But it's good and it's Downtown, so this is my one mulligan.

I walked in to get a slice at 10:30am.  Now, I didn't expect them to be open, so before I walked in, i fully expected just to fruitlessly tug on a locked door.  But lo and behold it opened!

First thing through the door was an immediate "Hello" from the counter, and the guy there was friendly as a golden retriever.  I don't mean that to be an insult, being a dog and all, it's just the friendliest thing i could think of.

I ordered 1 slice of pep, and I think because I chatted with him on a boring Thursday morning (who eats pizza at 10:30am?), he actually gave me 2 slices.  There goes my attempt at not being a fatass.  But thank you!

The slices were good and greasy.  "Ewww!  greasy pizza!  Dab it with a napkin and wring it like a towel!"  oh shut up.  This is good thin new yorkish style, and grease is a part of the recipe.  Napkin dabbing is like taking the beef out of your hamburger.

I just wish there had been some oregano on the table alongside the parmesan and pepper flakes.  I've noticed that oregano is not a big thing here in Arizona.  It's almost always only upon request.  I could have requested it I suppose, but after sitting down and realizing my predicament, I was too eager to commence my metamorphosis to fatass.

So yes, Z is a chain, but I still love it.  And this makes me hate myself.  So we are officially in an emotionally abusive relationship now.
Glass they gave me for my wine was way dirty. When I asked for a clean one he could not find one. He had to make one by whiping it out. Then I had to pour my wine in as he did not replace the wine. The dueling tvs were annoying also. 

Pizza was interesting but a bit too greasy
There's plenty of pizza-by-the-slice joints for those of us who work downtown, but Z Pizza stands out as the only one that consistently impresses me. Friendly staff, wholesome ingredients, inventive topping combinations and a tasty slice are enough to keep me coming back, and two slices and a drink and a drink always seem to cost a buck or two less than other downtown pizza joints.

Lately I've been throwing side salads in the mix with the No. 2 lunch combo. Fresh tomato slices, shredded carrot and red onion on a hearty bed of field greens all taste great with the balsamic vinaigrette. With one slice of sausage and mushroom, it's a filling meal with significantly fewer calories than the two-slice deal.

Sometimes I'll order a whole pie to take home for dinner (the Tuscan Mushroom is one of the most inventive tomato-free pizzas I've ever had), and it's always a hit.

Bring your coworkers or classmates here for lunch, and they'll forget wherever it was they used to go for slices.
Z Pizza, oh, how I love thee! What can I say? Fresh ingredients. Good service. Not terribly expensive. If you're looking for a quick pizza fix look no further than Z.
My colleague and I went here for lunch.  I've had their 2 pizza combo before and it was good.  This time I ordered the meatball sub and my buddy ordered the calzone.   Forget about it!  I mean really, I wish I could forget about this visit!  First my meatball sub was lousy.  Maybe I'm comparing it too much to ANY place back east, but this sandwich was weak on the meatballs, weak on the sauce and weak on taste.  
My buddy's calzone came out ice cold.  When he sent it back, they were really confused why and didn't know what to do.  So they put it back in the oven.  When it was ready, they put a thermometer in it and then displayed it to him.  How the heck is he suppose to know what temperature it should be?!  To top it off, it didn't look or taste like anything special.  Plus in another indication that they don't know how to serve anything other than "gourmet" pizza, the side of marinara sauce he got was ICE COLD.  

Service was VERY slow and the staff was not very helpful or knowledgeable.  

Stick with the pizza.
Deserves its place at the bottom of your Yellow pages listing for Pizza. Wishing it were "ZZZ Pizza".

--slices on display better suited for a museum of ancient antiquity;
--a FRESHLY made pizza (oh HELL, you didn't think I was gonna let you serve me that faded crap I coulda found in the corner of my little brother's dorm room, did you?!!!), two beers and a small salad for $50???!!! several four letter words come to mind, just for you.
--finished dough little better than a microwaved Starbuck's panini.
--greasy crust wishes it could rise to deserve a Peter Piper Pizza box.

--BLARING commercial TV (yes, that means commercials) invades your attempt at conversation while...
--staff stand idly doing nothing.
--unclean restrooms make you wonder how clean the kitchen is.

shame on all of you (no, not you, YOU. yeah you know who you are) who told me I _have_ to try Z Pizza: you really need to try this great restaurant nearby called "Diamonds".
Everybody loves pizza and it was evident today at this Z pizza, There was a line to order, a line to fill your drink, a line to get a table and a line to pick up your food.

Despite the crowd we were in and out in about 30 min.
I opted for the #1 combo, any two slices, a drink all for $6.93 with tax. Not great for 2 slices if you get cheese but a good deal for the gourmet options.

I went with one of the daily slices the "greek" A sauce free pizza topped with feta, red onion and katmala olives. The crust here has a decent crunch too it and the chees was cooked enough. There are also some decent condiments, the standard parmesan and red pepper, granulated garlic and a franks style red hot sauce.

Once our names were called we lucked out and got a window bar style seat.

There is a nice patio which may be some use after October, but for a 110 day in August it is just ornamental.

Decent artisan toped pizzas, ok prices and fast service it is a good lunch option for a smaller group.
Z Pizza isn't great pizza, but it's pretty good, and the place is perfect for what it is. It's a quick, cheap downtown lunch. 

I pretty much always get the number one combo when I eat here. Two slices of pizza and a drink for a little less than seven dollars. Not a good option if you just go for cheese or pepperoni, but if you do one the fancier slices, it's worth it. The only negative about this is Z Pizza changes options. That's nice for the sake of variety, but I would hate it if I had a craving for a slice I tried a couple weeks ago only to learn they weren't serving it that day. 

Today I had the ZBQ pizza. Which was really good. I also had another one that had mushrooms and onion, and feta cheese. The name escapes me, but it was good, too. 

Z Pizza is open on weekends. That's great for someone like me who works downtown on weekends.  If I forget to brown bag it, I only  have time to grab something fast, and would rather skip McDonalds and Taco Bell. There are better pizza options in the immediate area, but you're not going wrong if you eat at Z pizza.
Z Pizza you are nothing special.

Rubbery salty crust.  Your whole pizza is merely so so and your slices border on abysmal.  Staff didn't seem to care if I was there or not.  The owner was there and that was more important than my late lunch order.

Ok you're organic.  Guess what?  I don't care.  When I want pizza I don't want to feel like I am making a healthy compromise.  I only want something tasty and unhealthy.  That's why I'm eating pizza instead of a salad.  

Ok you have gluten free options.  The only thing sadder than that is a fat kid with no money staring at a bakery counter.  

I don't buy your hype.  Your food is so so at best.  I will continue to order elsewhere.
It is hard to find a place that delivers late Downtown. Z Pizza saved my life! I was really sick at home and needed to eat but could not leave my bed. I didn't want just pizza. I noticed Z Pizza had salads, sandwiches, etc. I was able to order online.... adding/removing any ingredients I wanted. They delivered within 30 minutes and the food did NOT taste like take-out. My calzone was fresh and amazing...as was my salad. 

I highly recommend dining in or taking out from Z Pizza! They make life easy, and might I add, HEALTHY if you'd like. You can substitute veggie burger crumbles or wheat crust on pretty much anything. Last but not least: the staff was incredibly friendly.
I had to go into work a little later later than usual on Sunday, and in my mistiming I forgot to grab the sandwich I made for lunch. With such a limited selection of places in downtown Phoenix open on weekends, I figured Z Pizza to the rescue. 

When I arrived I was very disappointed to see the slice selection was limited to cheese (which I did not see any slices of ready), pepperoni, and sausage and mushroom. Not having the time or desire to have them make me an entire pie, I decided to settle for a sub combo (subs, chips, and a drink). I went with the super sub, which was pretty much a typical Italian grinder. Nothing special, but not bad. 

I still give Z Pizza credit for being open on Sundays. But next time I decide to stop in on the weekend, I'm going to have to take the time to call ahead.
Took a stroll downtown this weekend to try Z Pizza because I'd heard so much about it. 

It was delicious. I would have liked a veggie options for slices or at least some veggies on the slices, but I ordered the sausage/mushroom slice and caesar salad... Tasty. 

In looking at the menu, there are many pizza combos that I would like to try in my future visits or to order delivery. 

The website wasn't helpful as it mentioned that there was not delivery at this location, but there is. So next time I'm ordering to be delivered straight to the pool. Before it gets too cold that is...
We stumbled upon this pizza place while walking around downtown waiting for The Australian Pink Floyd show (BTW-they're amazing) to start. We were intrigued by the Organic tomato sauce sign & the fact that they had wheat dough. It was an absolute a delight! The thin pizza crust was great & the choices for interesting pizzas/toppings makes it a fun experiment & treat! The topper to the experience is that they had some (only a few, but) good choices of beer on tap & offered a great deal on ordering a pitcher vs an individual glass! It was exactly what we were looking for when we ventured out to find something new & tasty!! Only wish we lived closer :(
Had an hour to grab lunch during a training, and we ended up here. Napoli pizza was decent, and the ZBQ salad was tasty, but the price was a little ridiculous for the amount of food. 
Having a time limit was also a little tough, since it took forever for the salad! Yeah, the pizza was ready to go within a few minutes, but then spent another 10 minutes waiting, and in everyone's way!
Outside seating was perfect for the day and provided room for everyone.
I've been to a few of Z's locations. For lunch, they are great. Affordable and good food. Salads are fresh. Staff is friendly. Their menu is creative, more than just pizza. Not the best pizza ever or anything, but definitely a good choice.
Love this place. If you are in the downtown are of Phoenix, you need to get some pie here... Best pizza, cool location... great place

love this one
Ah, Z. 

+1 for the cheap lunch specials
+1 for the friendly service and the cute guy at the register with long-ish hair
+1 for being open past 6pm in downtown phoenix.

Pizza isn't amazing, but, it's not meant to be. 
The salads are pretty delicious, from 2-5 the slices are only $1, PLUS they deliver within a 2 mile radius and don't charge! 

If you order enough times (like me, apparently), you get a free large pizza.



Oh yeah, there is alcohol.
This is, in fact, a 2.5 star review and the only reason it's not lower is because I have had a moderately pleasing experience here prior to the most recent. Said most recent experience was about 20 minutes until close on a Sunday night. I suppose we chose the worst time to go, but the pizza they served us and that we paid about $30 for had probably been sitting in the warmer for 4+ hours. So in other words, it should have been in the garbage hours before we got there and in no fewer words than necessary, epic fail Z Pizza. 

I do wish success for this place as it is a nice addition to the downtown area, but please implement some quality control. I will give them one more shot, though.
It was ok.  Nothing to write home about, but it's a busy little place with quick lunch service.  They had lunch specials and I got the 2 slices with a drink.  The salads looked good too and I overheard a lady saying her salad was really good.  The sandwiches looked ok too-sort of Jimmy Johns-ish.
Sadly Z Pizza is currently the best slice in downtown. It's "just fine" pizza and they have reasonably priced daily slice specials.

Take note: This place gets some serious lines during the weekday lunch periods (proof enough these are the best slices in the vicinity).
The pizza was great. I ordered two slices for lunch and it was delicious. They have lunch specials and a variety of slices to choose from. Within walking distance from the light rail and ASU downtown campus. Yum!
Been here twice, loved it both times! Had some type of thai pizza the first time. Very tasty! Second time had a salad, plenty of food for a decent price. And the service was fast! The staff is very very friendly and makes you feel welcome. I brought my dog both times and both times they gave her water. They weren't even scared of her (Great Dane). It's that kind of thing that makes me go back. Probably not my favorite pizza joint, but a good variety of pizza and great location for sure.
Love the specials, great place to get a slice.
This place always has great service and the food is good. I do think the salads are a bit pricey for what you get but you can't go wrong with the pizza.
The lunch specials for the pizza are a great deal although if you go at the end of lunch hour the pizza might have been sitting there for a bit.
Overall a good place for lunch and the people are super friendly.
Nice lunch specials and a fun downtown location. Very close to the Van Buren and Central light rail stop. I got 1 slice and a side salad for about $8. The salad had lots of "extras" and was way more impressive than the average side salad. You can also select any slice of pizza you want. They have specials that change daily.
Honestly Dominoes may be better. Pizza was bland and the chicken wings were soggy.  The bread sticks were good but overall I wouldn't eat there again.  Sorry Z Pizza.
Garbage.. All if these reviews are people that like vegan organic gluten free pizza.. Show me the meat and cheese!!
Organic pizza...that about sums it up for me. Good when hot but gets cold quick and kinda loses its will to be eaten...Good pizza if you wanna go healthy. Johnnys is next door to get a good chicago dog!
FOOD TASTE/QUALITY:  Okay
SETTING:  Nice - outside and inside seating, downtown, great location
PRICE:  Outrageous 

X-LARGE 1 topping pizza (Pepperoni):  $22

I live right near by.  I'd love it if this place had even fair pricing.  But the pizza is okay to good, if I'm feeling generous, and it's 2x the price I'd expect.

Despite the convenience, I just won't pay the price.

It's packed at lunch.  Great lunch specials for the working crowd downtown.

At night, it does a fair business, mostly to people downtown for sporting events or at the nearby Orpheum theater.  Maybe people just don't care about getting gouged.

But they've got to get realistic on pizza prices.  Especially for carryout, at night.
I can think of no reason to go back here other than proximity to downtown.
The pizza was crisp and delicious. The place is super casual and very comfortable. The staff is down-to-earth and friendly.

I loved the live music from Tom Mein on the patio. It felt great to be able to sit on the patio and enjoy a downtown Phoenix sunset in the spring.

Having beer and wine for sale was nice as well. I will be back to try more of the menu.
Here's a nice story for you. I've ordered pizzas online through zpizza in the past, so they had my contact information. They sent me an email containing a coupon for one free pizza on my birthday, which was coming up shortly. I went in to redeem my coupon later on a weeknight. One of the two employees working at the time told me that since the coupon came from their corporate office in California, I would have to go there to receive my free pizza. What a jackass. He was a young, hipster-looking guy. Pretty sure he was wearing a backwards baseball cap.

LOCATION: Only good thing about the place, it's downtown. Good atmosphere.
PRICE: Too high for everything. Pizza's expensive, beer's expensive.
SERVICE: Did you read my story above? Every other employee has been pleasant, but this guy really made me angry. 

I cannot recommend zpizza because of the terrible experience I had there. I steer all of my friends away from this place. Better experience at Brooklyn's NYC Pizza or the new place that just opened up, I forget the name. Both are located a couple blocks from zpizza at 2nd Street and Washington.
It was my first time trying Z Pizza, and I really liked it! The workers were really patient in helping me decide which pizza slice to try. 

Luckily,my friends and I came in during their happy hour (from 3-5pm, I believe). Buy any drink, and get a slice of pizza for $1, limited to two slices. 

I can't remember which specific pizza slices I had, but I do remember that they were delicious :)

Like everything else in downtown Phoenix, there wasn't any other people in the restaurant. It really is strange... And kinda creepy.

-R
We love coming here. The pizza is always delicious and ready on time.  The location is very convenient to us.

Don't try ordering online though, the website is a mess.
I ordered 2 times from that place and got lazy service, late delivery and cold pizza and I do not recommend that place
Great pizza place. Crust is thin, flavor is good, prices ok. Ideal for a quick bite.
The pizza is generally pretty tasty and the last time I went I had the pepperoni and I thought it was very acceptable. The prices are also very reasonable for the lunch hour.
I have really loved z pizza in the past, but the last two times I have been quoted a delivery time and it has taken twice as long, over an hour and a half both times. The first time I thought it was a fluke so I gave it another chance and the same thing happened. We will be eating delivery pizza from pizza a metro from now on. Same quality pizza and much better customer service.
Well, I suppose I don't have much to go on.  I mean, we were really hungry (had just finished a 10 or so mile bike ride, and had another 10 or so to go), the place was dead (as in, we were literally the only customers), and it was early on a Sunday afternoon.  So three things that conspired to put zpizza in a favorable light.  Well, that and the super friendly and timely service... and the pie.

The pizza was seriously tasty.  Not the best I've had, but something I would happily eat again.  I'm looking forward to returning to try their vegan pies.  If the Casablanca (delicious and rich tasting garlic sauce- tasted like a roasted garlic paste- artichokes, mushrooms and three cheeses) is any indicator, I shouldn't be disappointed :)
Very good food! Great service! I recommend the California salad! Their new wings are amazing! I order delivery from here all the time, and they're super fast! It's gluten free pizza, almost guilt free pizza
Trapped downtown on a Sunday and not much open but this.  I ate my meal which is about all I can say.  Staff is indifferent to whomever is in the building (and you will get all kinds!) and the pizza and pasta are mediocre at best.  But hey; what else is open?
I have been gluten free for over a year now, and this makes dining out quite the challenge.  You never know if the employees understand exactly what gluten is, or are taking the precautions that you ask.  It becomes this anxiety fueled worry fest, and you don't want to do it.  Unfortunately, we flew back in from Anaheim and it was getting to be quite late.  We were tired, no one wanted to cook, and the kids were cranky (one of them being gluten free as well.)  I turned to trusty yelp to find a gluten free place near the airport.  Luckily for me, this popped up.

Let me tell you, Rebecca, is amazing.  I'm not talking about myself (though admittedly, I AM amazing), I'm talking about the employee.  When I talked to her about gluten free, I ordered a pizza with chicken sausage on it.  She warned me it had gluten, but the Italian sausage did not and would be a tasty substitute.  Way to look out Rebecca, AND have a solution to the problem!  Zpizza, she needs a raise!  Seriously, give her more money to keep her happy and staying there.

The crust was tasty, the sauce was great, and the toppings fresh.  Gluten free and gluten eaters in my family agreed, tasty pizza to be had here.  I would recommend this to people with gluten issues because not only was it delicious, but I did not get sick afterwards!
The pizza is fine, and always fresh. Nothing too fancy or amazing. But it hits the spot.
First time customer. Atmosphere nice, customer service good.  We were only ones in the place (it was great they were open, so many other places downtown were closed). We had pizza and pear salad. Portions were very generious, salad was very tasty, loved the Balsamic dressing  - I love they do not use weeds in their salads, but good crisp lettuce (would go back for that alone). Pizza was very tasty, albeit very soggy (had peperoni & mushroom) - must eat it with a fork and knive, impossible to pick up and bite into it. Would love to see a crisper crust on the pizzas.  The lower score reflects the pizza.  Will go back, but will try sandwiches next time.
I really wanted to like this place. I was a first time customer and my lady had been before. I ordered a beer, which was definitely good, but I also ordered the calzone which was not good at all. I asked for sauce on the side, but it was filled with sauce. I don't love chunky sauce, so I use it sparingly. With it inside it was almost a waste. When I got to the middle it was cold. I was so disgusted by the entire experience. My lady told me to send it back, but we were in a hurry and didn't have time to wait for another. Nice location, bad product this time.
This place is good, a group of coworkers went to try it at lunch so we could have some other pizza besides Chloe's and Papa Christo's.  The pizza was tasty but I'm not sure where they get off charging such unusually high prices for their slices.  The price does not justify it, and the variable pricing only encourages you to buy more slices-- which is great, I suppose, considering that they are quite small slices indeed.  

Better pizza at a better price can be had elsewhere withing walking distance.  If you want 'gourmet' pizza there are plenty of other choices at this price-point which deliver a better experience.
Damn good pizza at a fair price plus you can get beer or wine!!!!!! Really what more can you ask for when eating pizza
I've had their pizza before and it's not bad, so I ordered for lunch, and now I am sad. 
I ordered at 11:20 and about 15 min later got a call they they didn't have part of what I wanted but I decided to have them just bring what they did and take the rest off my card, which they did. 20 min after that I got an email saying my pizza was ready and out for delivery. 30 min later I called to ask where my pizza was and if, having been out for 30 min already, it would be cold when it arrived. The woman on the phone responded of course not as if my question was stupid. 10 min later, a full 40 min after it was sent out for delivery, it finally arrived. I asked again if my pizza had really been out for 40 min and the guy looked at me like I was asking a stupid question and assured me it'd only been sitting around for 30 min, not 40. Sadly, my pizza arrived cold, as I feared. 

From start to finish it took 1.5 hours to bring me half my order, a cold, over priced, personal sized pizza and my concerns were met with...well nothing. I wont be ordering again, not when there are 20 different options close by where I can get better service.
Good pizza, fresh ingredients, and lots of healthy alternative options on the menu.  The only bummer with them is that they are so popular that my delivery took over an hour to arrive.  They gave me a call around 11:30 am to let me know that my order would arrive a little after 1 pm.  I appreciated the call and I'm glad I waited.  The pizza was delicious, as was the hummus plate I got, as well.  

I recommend giving them a try, your belly will thank you.
Visited this location a couple of weeks ago because it was in walking distance from the hotel I was staying at and it got decent reviews on Yelp. I was the only one in the restaurant at 7:00 PM on Monday night, a few people trickled in after me. I ordered a turkey sandwich and wings, both of which were solid. The sandwich was a bit small for the price, good. The service was friendly and fast (not sure if this changes depending on volume). There is an area to eat outside, which was great with the evening weather. I wouldn't go out of my way to return to zpizza, but I wouldn't object to returning if in the area.
This place has something for everyone.  I ordered the Pick 3 option: a slice of pizza, salad, and half a sandwich.
All for $8.

The meal was very good and I will be back.  I have to admit I expected less from this place, but I was proved wrong.  It's not your ordinary pizza joint.  Very good food!  Pizza was thin and delicious....
First time being here and it was obvious to most of the patrons so be prepared when you come! There was only one menu along side where the line forms so it was a bit hard to take your time making a decision. 

The crew seemed a bit lost and hectic (maybe because of busy lunch hour) but were very friendly. 

The pizza was great! A lot of options that were unique or you can build your own. The prices were a bit steep though just for a pizza. There was a $5-$8 lunch special. 

The ambiance was very trendy and the outside seating area was perfect for people watching. Although they had two TVs I wouldn't recommend for watching the big game or anything. The mood was a bit too relaxed for that. 

Overall, the pizza was good and the service was good. I would recommend it if you're looking for more trendy versus money saving meal.
This is a pretty decent pizza joint. A little bit out of my price range to make it a regular habit, but worth the splurge every now and then. You get what you pay for right? It's almost always super busy when you go, so we made it a habit to order ahead of time. Still have to wait in line to pick it up, but at least it's made already. You can really tell the difference between this place and your regular neighborhood pizza assembly line.
Hands down one of the best pizza spots I've eaten at . They claim to be organic which is to good to be true . I highly recommend this place . The staff there is great too
Was down in the so-called downtown Phoenix looking for lunch and came across this chain. Did anyone notice how pathetic downtown PHX really is compared to other real cities? Well, the display case at this location is really pathetic and you cannot see any of the pizzas clearly. It looks like a display case you find in a mall. The slices are cut small, but at least they are real slices and not made secret in the back. The specialty slices did not look appetizing at least at 2:30pm on a weekday, but the cheese looked average and that's what it was, pretty average pizza, no oregano in the sauce and a crust that is not to die for, more cracker-like. I think I got two slices and a bottle of soda for 7 bucks. Not the greatest pizza, but good enough for a quick, but forgettable lunch.
Delicious food.  Had the pear gorgonzola flat bread and salad, and my friend had the original calzone.  All was delicious, the staff were friendly.
ALERT ALERT!!! the food here has made me sick  with food poisoning twice now. the second time 06/30/14 i had to go to the st josephs emergency room. bad  creepy attitude from the night employee courtney or casey.  i believe she tampered with my food. the manager dave is an absolute disgusting human being. noone willingly apologized, very reluctant to give refund. i do not recommend to anyone!!!! - Registered Nurse
Z-Pizza (and Carlos) came through for me in a big way during a recent late night work day. I was going on my 13th hour at the office and my hunger pangs were really getting the best of me and the only thing I had in my overhead was a couple sleeves of instant oatmeal and a pack of Cup O' Noodles. I'm soo tired of oatmeal for dinner and I wasn't feeling the Cup O' Noodles either.  My office is downtown so late night delivery options are almost non-existent and being that I was on command center duty, I could not leave my post so it had to be delivery or nada.  Sad thing is, most of the eateries in my downtown nook roll up pavement between 8 and 9pm.  After calling all my favorite daytime eateries (that were still open at 9pm)which either don't offer delivery or stopped delivery at 8pm, I was just about to give up and settle for those expired sleeves of the oatmeal when I thought to give Z-Pizza a try. Sure glad I did! Technically they too were no longer delivering for the night but Carlos was so nice and said he would do it for me. I had my order in and it was delivered within 20 minutes. My salad was crisp and cold and my pasta & meatballs were piping hot. Carlos was just as friendly in person as he was on the phone and thanks to Z-Pizza I was a happy well fed man.
Discovered this new burger joint on the way to the bank the other day, looked in the window around 10am, nice interior, so I decided to take one of the menu's offered on the outside of the entrance and come back the next night.  When the four of us walk into the restaurant we are greeted and handed clip boards with menu's clipped on and a pencil attached.  We are told that this is a 'build your own' concept and instructed to select our choices from each category.  You get to choose your burger type (beef, turkey, veggie and grilled chicken), cheese, toppings, sauce and bun.  By the time we had reviewed the menu and asked our server a couple of questions, some of which she did not have answers to, we were overwhelmed and not quite sure what combinations would work.  They do offer a selection of 'Signature' burgers and sandwiches for the indecisive.  So we filled out our menu forms and handed them to the server, letting her know we requested our sides (fries & onion strings) be served with our meals and not as starters as they are listed on the menu.  Our drink order came a few minutes after we handed our orders over and then about 5 minutes later our fries and onion strings arrived.  We told them that we asked for these to come with our meal.  They seemed kind of confused, apologized and took them back to the kitchen.  After about another 15, our meals arrived with our sides.  Everything looked great until we tried our sides.  They were barely warm.  They probably just gave us the same ones they mistakenly brought 15 min before.  We asked them to send out some new and they accommodated graciously.  All in all the food quality was good, but when the bill came after adding all of the sides and extra toppings, our burgers could have been steaks (almost).  We hope this place only improves with time.  We realize they have only been open two nights, so we are willing to certainly give it another try.  This neighborhood needs more quality food choices with consistence and good service.  We are hoping time will work in their favor.
We visited Indulge on their 3rd day open. They weren't overly busy but the kitchen was obviously backed up. We arrived at nearly 1pm and there was a lady at the counter complaining about waiting 45 minutes and not having received her meal. We decided to try it anyway. There was no hostess at the hostess stand (and no bar tender at the bar) so we proceeded to a counter that was stocked with clipboards containing menus. We stand at the counter, fill out the menus and after several minutes are finally told we could seat ourselves. After sitting down it's several more minutes before someone stops by to take our drink order. After waiting too long for the waitress to come back, we finally give up and take our orders directly to counter. At this point I start my stop watch. 25 minutes pass and our fries arrive; 10 minutes after that our burgers arrive. It was very interesting that we all received "mostly" what we ordered... of the 4 people at the table, everyone's burger was slightly wrong -- mismatched toppings and sauces. We now understood the motto on the back of the servers' shirts, "order what you want - eat what you get". 

While Indulge has a decent location, is nicely decorated, and provides an interesting menu concept they don't yet have their process working well. Unfortunately, even if the process was working well I think their menu is overpriced for what you get. $13.50 for a small Kobe burger with no sides is a bit steep for this type of restaurant. If they're still there in a couple months I may try again, but then again, maybe not.
Checked out this place last night after some afternoon wine at Centro Paninoteca across the street.  

Met Lee the owner who owns two 5 and Diners in town.  Nice man.  We sat at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly.  The atmosphere was nice and had a great vibe and was pretty busy for a Tuesday night.  We made it in time for Happy Hour which is great deal.  $2 Bud light drafts and $3 premium drafts.  Ben had the Bud Light and I enjoyed the Belgium White.  Shock something it was called.  Appetizers are half off during happy hour.  I tried the Fried Dill Pickles for the first time in my life and I am a new fan.  Nice and tangy with a crunch.  I ordered the mini cheese burgers which I couldn't finish.  I ate through 2 and half.  I order the 1/2 fries and 1/2 crispy onion strings.  Very flavorful and house made.  Ben ordered the build your own burger which was very cool in the sense it reminded me of ordering at sushi bar.  Check off everything you like.  Nice concept.  Ben chose the Danish bleu cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and bacon.   You also choose your bun.  $8.50 plus .99 cents for the bacon.  Still a great deal for the Certified Angus Beef.  

We stayed for a couple of hours and ended up bumping into friends and had more friends join us later.  Very convenient for us since we live at Shea/Tatum.  Must try!
In town for Thanksgiving, the family went here during its soft opening ... however, no one told the patrons it was a soft opening, so it just looked like a badly run place - from wrong orders, to a severely misspelled menu (I had fun going through it with copy-editing marks), to what seemed a lack of caring about the patrons with a blase attitude.

As the other reviewer noted, everyone's order came out wrong. No side sauces with the burgers - I had to walk up to the kitchen to get the ketchup and mustard - and none of the burgers came out right. 

But, hey, at least we were able to get our order in, unlike the table next to us. I had to grab one of the three waitresses (seems some people called in sick) to get their order taken, and then it was all screwed up (burger done wrong, no sides, no condiments). When I grabbed the waitress again - to have her take care of our problems and the table next to ours, I told her that if it was a soft opening, apologize to the patrons and let them know you're working out the kinks.

The burgers themselves were fine. Nothing great or over the top, but middle of the road. For the price, a little less than what it should be. 

All in all, though, I wonder if the numerous number of five-star reviews are real, or astroturfing. I have a feeling it's the latter.
Lunch at Indulge.
A Kobe burger, french fries and onion strings. 
$19.70.
Not worth it. My friends agreed. 
It is good, but I have had better. And for that much, it should be better. 

They do have a variety; veggie burgers, turkey burgers and Kobe beef, french fries, sweet potato fries, onion strings, deep fried dill pickles (dickles). You can also build your own burger and they have a full bar with beer on tap.

The ambiance is decent, modern decor, and a friendly staff.

The only thing that blew me away about Indulge was my bill.
Quick note, i have NOT been here yet, but picked up a menu when i was at Bevmo yesterday and was looking up info about it on Yelp to see if I really wanted to check it out. (The bride has been wanting to try some Kobe beef burgers for awhile, she loved the beef we had at Morimoto's and she is curious to try it in.. well every form imaginable now.. and they offer it)

So this is NOT A REVIEW (hence my 3 star score to not mess up the actual score but yelp made me do it)

It's pricey, but some reviews are mistaken, they may charge for everything ala carte, but mustard and ketchup are free and do not count.

Just wanted to point that out because it seemed insane to me.
I do not understand why everyone and their mother is opening up trendy burger places.  Actually, I think I'm going to open one up on Scottsdale Road and Shea and charge about $15 for a dry and tasteless burger.  Oh wait, there already is a place there called Indulge Burger.  Anyway, here is my Indulge Burger experience:

The place was pretty crowded on this Tuesday evening at about 6:30.  Upon seating they gave us a small plate of their garlic and parmesan chips, gratis.  The menu is strait forward and simple and I like that you can just check off what you want like when you order sushi.  There were plenty of options to choose from including different burger toppings and sauces which looked interesting.  Anyway, to start I split a ceasar salad.  It was almost big enough for 2 people, but the salad was not good and I probably shouldn't have ordered it.  Now onto the burger....  

First off, I was going to indulge and splurge on a $14 Kobe burger, but I guess a lot of other suckers came in that day so they were out of it.  So, I decided on the regular beef instead.  I ordered the 2/3rd pound version ($10.75) with gyuere cheese (included), grilled onions (included), roasted green chili peppers (included), and sauteed mushrooms ($0.99).  I got this all on a bed of lettuce instead of a bun.  We also got one order of regular fries and one order of sweet potato fries to share.  The other 2 members of my party ordered similar burgers as well as a few different dipping sauces.

I must admit that the burger looked very good when it came out.  However, when I actually tasted the thing and the toppings, it was a much different story.  The meat was dry and almost tasteless and the onions, chilies and mushrooms all tasted like they had just come out of a can.

The sweet potato fries were ok, but the regular fries were excellent.  Also, most of the dipping sauces were tasty, but just don't belong on burgers and fries. 

The food arrived very slowly and drink refills took forever.  I don't really blame the waiter/waitress because the place was busy and they looked understaffed.  However, they were very friendly and helpful.

It was about $50ish dollars for all 3 of us to eat and we all felt raped for spending so much on a few burgers.  With places like Delux out there I can see no reason to return to Indulge Burger.
"World's Best Burger?"
Not so sure about that... but my first experience at Indulge was ok.

I actually was supposed to meet a friend for dinner at Indulge but because of a long story involving her boyfriend's car being broken into and him having to file a police report from her apartment, I ended up calling in our order and taking it to her place 'to-go.'

Our order was pretty simple.  My friend ordered the turkey burger without cheese, sour cream on the side.  I ordered a burger salad... 1/3 lb burger cooked medium, with jalapenos, tomatoes, sprouts, dill pickle chips, and sauteed mushrooms... with balsamic dressing on the side.  I also ordered a side of sweet potato chips... I love sweet potato everything!

Well, I should've checked the order, because when I opened it up back at her place, I realized they did not include the sour cream or balsamic dressing... the pickle chips were actually pickle slices, and the sweet potato chips were actually sweet potato fries.  Just a bit off...

Still edible and pretty tasty, but I hate when a simple order gets screwed up like that.  Anyways, I'm sure I'll give Indulge another shot sometime - probably better to dine in next time... that way, if they forget anything, you can flag down your server until they get it right.  It's a cute place - centrally located on the south west corner of Scottsdale and Shea.
I really wish I would have read the other reviews before getting take out from here!

It is very clean and cute but when the food is not good who cares how nice the restaurant is...?  My burger was missing the cactus ranch sauce so it was dry.  Besides being very dry it was extremely bland.  

I will not eat here again!  If I wanted tasteless food I would eat at my mother-in-law's house.
I have been on a summer burger kick, and have sampled the down home stuff (Harvey's) to the upscale (25 degrees) in the past few weeks.  This last Saturday, my wife and I went to Indulge, and we were pleasantly surprised.  If I could give 4.5 stars, I would.  It is one of the better burgers in town (only Delux has a better burger to me).

We sat down for an early dinner (it was 5 pm, which is why everyone else in the joint had blue hair).  We were promptly met by our server with some complimentary garlic and parmesan chips.  They were tasty, with some sharp parmesan flavor.  I could have had the chips (they are made in house) a little crispier, and the cheese a little more melted, but I won't complain as the price was right!

We decided to split a half and half order of regular fries and onion strings.  The onion strings were pretty greasy, but they were really good.  A little less grease, and I would have said they were perfect.  The fries were fries...not to big or small.  Well salted, but nothing to give them that "wow" factor.  I asked for garlic aioli instead of ranch (what it normally comes with), and they had no problem accommodating me.  The aioli wasn't great, and was a bit watery, which was weird.  I expected a bit more mayonaisse-y flavor like the aioli's in Europe (or at least at 25 Degrees or Metro).

Ordered a shake when I got there, then noticed a great happy hour menu, but it was too late....I just stuck with the shake but will be back for happy hour.  It was a pretty good shake, but for $5, they didn't give you the tin with it.  That might be a good thing, but I don't know if I will order it again.  

Now on to the burgers.  My wife and I both got a 1/3 lb. burger medium rare.  Mine was topped with Gruyere, house sauce (think 1000 Island), baby greens, and tomatoes on a brioche bun.  My wife ordered hers with herbed goat cheese, baby greens, ketchup, tomatoes, and red onions.  Both of us raved about the flavor of the meat (very beefy) and the cheese.  The bun was very good as well, but we have had better.  For all of the food (and a coke), the total was $29 (before tip).  Not too bad, as the burgers and fries/rings were very filling.  Add the shake, and I was ready to burst.

Overall, if you want a tasty burger in a decent atmosphere with a full bar, I would highly recommend this place.  They also have turkey, chicken, or veggie burgers.  You can get 1/3 lb. or 2/3 lb.  They pretty much have something for everyone.  Build your burger however you want it, and they can accommodate you.
With over "10,000 combinations", there is a burger here for everyone - that is the motto here.   Indulge isn't a boutique burger joint.  You can have a burger as simple as pickles tomatoes onions and ketchup, or you can venture into the unknown with brioche cranberry chutney gruyere and turkey.  It is build your own, or sample one of their signatures.

I am a snacker, so I liked that the experience starts off with a sampling of their garlic parmesan chips. What would make these perfect would be a dusted Parmesan, or melted Parmesan with white truffle oil.  Currently, the way they are prepared and presented is a poor foreshadowing of what is to come.

Build your own burger is great. It's like a sushi menu for burgers. On the menu, one marks their selections with penicl. Choices go from A-F. Chooose your protein, (salmon, Kobe, turkey, etc) cheese, (Danish bleu cheese, herb goat cheese spread, gruyere) bun, (brioche, English muffin, wheat) sauces, (apricot chipotle, aioli, cranberry chutney, Bangkok peanut sauce, cactus ranch, honey citrus pepper, and more) regular toppings, (baby greens, roasted chiles, boiled egg slices, pineapple, grilled onions) and indulge toppings (avocado, fried egg, chili con carne, honey cured bacon, and more).

Kids have a four item menu that includes a peanut butter and jelly wrap.

It is very important that I record the appetizer list here.  Essentially, it is what would otherwise come with a standard burger.  Happy hour patrons and ladies are lured by the 1/2 appetizers offerings here, but there is not variety.  There is starch, more starch, carbohydrates, beans and protein, or a small side salad.  *shakes head.*

Appetizers:
Sweet potato fries
Fried dill pickle chips
Onion strings and regular fries
Chili
Side salad

I think vegetarians or "healthy" eaters will still find something for their palates here, such as the salad with Bleu cheese, strawberries, and walnuts.  There is also a grilled veggie pesto sandwhich on the menu, as well as the Veggie homemade burger. (fresh ingredients blended in special sauces including herbs, spices, beans, and rice)

Sandwhiches:
Blackened or grilled grouper
Fried bologna
3 cheese

There is a list of signature burgers, and I chose the first one on the list, the "Vesuvius volcanic," the specially cooked burger with molten cheese. It arrived perhaps 15 minutes later, a la carte.  FYI, none of the burgers or signature sandwhiches come with fries.  I like that those fries aren't there to distract me, it's why I never finish a burger in a restaurant.

Hence, I was actually able to finish my volcanic burger.  The unique aspect of it is that molten American cheese is inside of the meat patty. You take that first bite intoo your burger, and the hot molten cheese comes bursting out. Downside is that this is the only kind of cheese that so lovingly melts inside the pattie. Not a fan of American cheese. It tastes like that plastic pseudo cheese made from oil and water - that you used to eat as a fun snack when you were a kid.  Well, it is no longer fun, and I think it somewhat spoils the taste of the burger.

The Downside of burgers not coming with fries...you are still paying between 10-12 dollars for a burger, without the generous side of potatoes.

Service was friendly and attentive, but slow like others have mentioned.  Places like this I recommend sitting at the bar.

Overall, it is an A-OK.  The concept is great, the burger patties are very generous and well prepared.  I think the prices are higher than they need to be, and this place just doesn't set itself apart from other places of its kind.  Burger adventurers may enjoy this place more than myself, as there are some unique additions you can make to an otherwise standard burger.

See quick tips for happy hours and ladie's night specials.
Definitely a tasty burger. Not amazing by any means, but it was enjoyable. They give you a pencil with the menu and you fill out what you want by penciling in little circles, I thought this was pretty neat. 

The burger was juicy and the bleu cheese had a good amount of flavor. I also liked the fries, I would absolutely go back for happy hour.
Chomp chomp. Crunch crunch?

Why yes! That's LETTUCE you hear, I'm eating my burger on a salad!

While others may choose to indulge at Indulge, I had the pleasure of having my 1/3 lb. medium cooked burger on a salad. So sue me if I didn't enjoy my burger and its tasty toppings (grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, feta cheese) on some carb-crazy bun. I say buns are WAY over...at least for this digestive system.

Aaaaaaannnnnyhoo, I'm glad someone thought of this place--to give all customers the option of ordering burgers with pre-conceived toppings and sauces...or to let them build their own, just the way they like it! So we all built-a-burger: my grandma (whom we pried away from her kitchen) opted for gruyere and bacon with garlic aioli on a brioche bun; my boyfriend chose a simple cheddar, bacon, and ketchup combo; and I, the fearless-of-those-who-may-judge-one, went for the mean greens. The result? 3 well-satisfied customers who were happy to have control of their outcomes. 

Our waitress was lovely and attentive and helpful and patient. We all had plenty of questions and she painstakingly answered all of them, no matter how obvious. I'd say the only problem we had was the way our burgers were cooked--those who ordered medium and medium rares were well overcooked. Mister Grill Man, make sure you get it right! We like our burgers the way we like them--isn't that obvious by now?
This is an upscale burger joint. They start you out with some homemade kettle chips then you fill out the "build your own burger" checklist. Great location, great service, modern atmosphere, outstanding quality food, and really fair prices.

*Happy hour looks to be a bargain too - I shall return...

UPDATE - I have been back many many times now, and I love their weekend BREAKFAST! They have a Bloody Mary bar! You really need to try this!
Indulge is a great place that everyone must check out! 

Their build-your-own-burger concept is very cool. You get to choose from a turkey burger, veggie burger(yum!), Angus beef, chicken, or Kobe burger. Then you will be asked to work your way down the menu picking the type of bun you would like (I recommend the English Muffin!), type of cheese (lots to choose from - the blue cheese is great!), lots of choices of house special sauces you can get on the side and plenty of toppings (everything from tomatoes to pineapple, red onion, japs, avocado and egg). Their appetizers, which are half off for happy hour, are great too. I recommend the Fried Dill Pickle Chips. 

I believe they have started serving breakfast on the weekends now too. Haven't tried it yet, but for sure on my to do list for this weekend! I will update you next week. 

All in all, I would suggest you check them out. I have been there countless times and have become close with the staff and have met the own, whom is always around making sure everything is running great, several times. The staff is friendly and work hard. 

They have a few large TVs by the bar, my friends and I like to go there to catch the basketball and football games. 

Go check it out!
It's literally a race between how many gourmet pizza and hamburger places can set up shop in Phoenix.  At the rate at which high end burger joints proliferate I should be able to populate and manage my own NCAA 64 burger bracket by the end of the year.
Based on a burger to burger comparison I would probably give a nod to other valley weights such as Delux, the Vig, or Joe's Farmhouse.  But there are a few things that Indulge does that are great and distinguish it from increasingly crowded pack.
First, they give you plenty of options when constructing your burger.  Great idea and some real possibilities with combinations.  Second, the complimentary kettle chips are very well received and go a long way in building some dining goodwill.  Third, the Brioche bun is incredible.
A good meal.  We look forward to applying the same "Indulge" concept to their breakfast menu on our next visit.
For those of you who don't follow me on Twitter (which will, in the not too distant future, probably be mandatory...we must all follow each other...the snake will eat its own tail:), I'm on a  nearly constant quest to find the best burgers!

I wander far and wide (generally wider, as opposed to farther:)

My search took me the exotic clime's of Near North Scottsdale at Shea Boulevard and Scottsdale Road.

I guess, truth be told, it wasn't so much a search this time, as it was convenient to BevMo...The Beautiful Carin and I were restocking some of our bar...they don't sell Bunnahabhain and 21 year old Glenlivet at Costco:)

And there it was, Indulge Burgers and More...beckoning through the exhaust haze in the parking lot.

This seems to be the "and More" strip mall..."Beverages and More"..."Indulge Burgers and More"..."Pet Market and More"..."Chase Bank and More"...you get the idea:)

My question (and I always have one:) is "more what"?

My personal preference would be for "more cowbell"...how I miss Blue Oyster Cult! :-)

We stashed our little liquid treasures in the trunk (taking extra care not to bruise the scotch:) and walked in.

Indulge's strong suit is not atmosphere...it's a nice enough space, nicely decorated, clean and bright, but it's in that little strip mall at Shea and Scottsdale...not a great spot to sit out on the patio and watch the world go by, while you enjoy your burger.

And you probably will enjoy your burger...Indulge has some pretty decent burgers:)

They have a "set menu" as well as the oh so au courant "build your own burger" menu for your dining pleasure:)

Our server was sweet as pie and took the time to explain what was included, what was optional (pretty much everything, as near as I could tell) and how the process works:)

We decided to create our own burgers...Angus Beef for me and grilled chicken for Carin.

You can add more toppings than a normal bun could possibly hold and make yourself one of those freakish Food Network "Worlds Best Burger" competition kind of things (you know what I mean...Frisbee size patty,  1/2 pound of bacon and gorgonzola, apricots, arugula, avocado, cactus, sprouts, peppers, carrots...well, the list goes on and on and on:)

Another words, enough other crap to completely kill the taste of the burger, if that's your aim:)

But why would you?

These are pretty decent burgers all by themselves...1/3 or 2/3 lbs. of great angus beef (I was born and raised on a cattle ranch and we raised...that's right, black angus cattle...delicious black angus cattle...so I've always had a bias for angus beef:)

Cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and pickles are all you really need, and they are fresh and included with your burger:)

Add in fries and onion strings and I'm usually a pretty happy camper.

Best burger or chicken sandwich in town?...Best Patio?...Best Ambience or Service?

No, unfortunately...but better than most and probably deserving of the title "Best Upscale Burger Joint Next to Where I Buy my Booze"

That's good enough to make me stop when I'm at the crossroads and restocking the bar:)
So I think, at this point, we are all familiar with the concept - build your own burger.  They give you a list and you check off the things you want, then the food magically appears.  Indulge is like the Scottsdale equivalent of CheeburgerCheeburger.  They have a few things working for them:
1)You actually write down what you want.  Not only does it make it easier for you to keep track of how your burger is developing but it ensures that the trust fund baby pretending to be your waitress won't screw up your order.
2)Higher quality ingredients.  While I'm pretty sure my black olives were from a can, the cheeses, meats, and other toppings seemed to be higher grade.
3)they do breakfast.  While I didn't try this...it sounds awesome.  I gotta go back.

I don't remember all of the weird things I did to my burger.  There was avocado, two kinds of dipping sauce, black olives, some sort of horseradish cheese (didn't know such a thing existed), and probably a few other things.  The burger was freakin huge (they could use a 1/4lb option) and it was so damn good.  If you're up here, stop by and try it.  Totally worth a visit if you're in the mood for a burger.  Just don't expect much else.
In case you didn't already know, I am a really picky eater so I am a really big fan of customization/build your own anything.  Indulge Burgers definitely fit that bill and made me one happy camper as I scarfed down my just for me burger.

The place is situated in an average looking strip mall in Scottsdale but the inside is just luxe enough to remind you where you are, but laid back enough to let you be yourself.  They had an arrow on the wall pointing to the bathrooms that simply said, "2P."  There are no fancy scmancy giant menus to clutter your table, simply a paper printout with little bubbles that you can fill in a la standardized testing bubble sheets.  Fun.

There is a ton of stuff to choose from, but this is what I got: 1/3 lb burger with olives, carrots, bacon, cheddar, and ranch on a wheat bun.  It was delicious.  Never had carrots on your burger?  You should try it.  I also tried the bistro dipping sauce, whatever that is, but found it to be a bit too spicy for my taste.  The burger was delicious, but too big for me to even come close to finishing.  They should consider a 1/4 pound option for the weenies like me.  I also really liked that they served me kettle chips covered in cheese before my meal.  Salty and cheese?  Yeah, that will make me happy.

This is definitely a great addition to Scottsdale where I can find refuge whenever I get lost in the sea of plastic.
Great burgers and menu offerings.  You would expect to get a good burger with a name like that and you do.  The sweet potato fries, Frenched fried onions, and Salmon Salad are very good too.  

The decor, location, and menu are restaurant alternative for the area.  

The menu was a little confusing and little pricey yet the quality of the food is there and considering the location of the restaurant pricing isn't an issue.  

I do recommend to restaurant to others.
We tried this place for the first time last night. I have to say this place is quite impressive. After being ruined by "Chili's" or "Applebees" burgers I have lost faith in the valley's mainstream burger providers. 

This place was very different. To start out they bring you a starter plate of "home"made chips. Very nice touch. Not the same old gimmick. The first thing you'll notice is the sushi bar style menu. Pick what you want and fill in the bubble. Very interesting concept. 

My wife, the ever simple eater ordered the grilled cheese sandwich and fries. This is the first ever grilled cheese sandwich I have seen that actually had flavor and wasn't soaked in grease. The fries were crispy and done right. Not limp, actually cooked through, and crispy. Almost like they were fried twice (like fries are supposed to be). 

I ordered the fried dill pickle chips. While they weren't earth shattering, they were good. Served with the standard ranch dressing. For my meal, I went all the way and ordered the "Vesuvius". It is a burger with cheese in the middle. It had a little warning next to it. Heed the warning. My first bite into the sandwich was absolutely painful. Molten cheese came shooting out, and I felt like an idiot. After giving it a little cooling time, the burger was easily the best burger I have had in a long time. 

Overall this is a good place to eat. I was very impressed. I will have to go back and try the other options on their menu.... Like the Kobe burger....
Control freaks seeking relief from the sweltering heat in pursuit of some good grub.

That epithet pretty much described my party of four on a blistering, 112-degree day last summer, after a wearying tour on foot of nearby Taliesin West. 

Frank Lloyd Wright's Scottsdale digs were supremely envisioned and constructed, a conscious antidote to mediocrity and thoughtless development. It was with a heightened sense of the possible that the four of us descended on Indulge -- outfitted as a trendy, suburban roadhouse, though it anchors, along with a bank and a BevMo, one of Scottsdale's ubiquitous soulless shopping centers -- that sweltering afternoon to build our own thoughtful tributes to the master architect: juicy, individualized, belly-busting burgers, washed down with tall, cold libations.

The drinks didn't disapoint: a strong margarita, a shimmering pint of Shock Top hefeweizen, and two big glasses of lemonade were quickly dispatched to our table, and they saved us from certain dehydration. From there, things went nowhere special.

We ordered four burgers, each differently cloaked. The burger-topping checklist promised so much, yet delivered so little. Juilenned carrot strips were dry and lifeless. The ginger-tinged peanut sauce served on the side was a gloopy mess. Pineapple rings were canned and bland. The bottom of my toasted wheat bun was soggy, probably the result of toasting it too soon, while the top was untoasted. 

The one burger served on a salad was a letdown. Big thick wheels of underripe beefsteak tomatoes and watery iceberg lettuce undergirded the well-cooked medium-rare burger, providing a solid architectural foundation, but at the expense of any discernable taste. 

The lone bright spot was the fries: crisp, piping hot, perfectly salted, and served in a trendy conical basket with a big messy plop of tasty ketchup -- now THAT's what I'm talking about! Greasy heaven, courtesy of a few humble potatoes and some hot oil. 

The meat is decent, and the fries are a revelation, but the decidedly mediocre ingredients in the sides and sauces and salads were a profound disappointment.

Amping up the mediocrity was the abominable pop music pervading the joint. I must be deeply indebted to the karma creditors. Otherwise, why would I have to suffer yet another meal in the company of Phil Collins and Lionel Richie?

For anyone fortunate enough to find themselves in LA or on the south side of Denver, get to the Counter, where you can build your own burger with great ingredients and music that elevates, not imprisons, your spirit.
My husband and I love this place. It is great for people who want there food the way they want it! You customize your burger or salad from a check-sheet. We do low-carb so we have out burger or chicken put on a salad. It is PERFECT and yummy.

They bring a plate of fresh chips to you table while you wait. They are covered with Parmesan cheese. On the days we are carbin' it, we love them. 

The service is great. We get the same server whenever she is there. I will have to get her name because she is fabulous.

They do have a happy hour on drinks and appetizers too.
(EDITING my previous POST!)

Don't go to Indulge Burger without customizing the BEJEEZUS out of your burger!!  That's the whole point, and if you take advantage of their broad selection of toppings, you can really go crazy and make a really good burger.  

My first visit was less than impressive because I ordered one of their pre-packaged, standardized burgers from the front side of the menu.  This was a mistake.  If you're going that direction then you're not taking advantage of what this place is about.  If you want your burger to dazzle you better make it that way.

I was encouraged to visit Indulge Burger again and give it a second shot and I'm glad I did;  I just didn't know how to eat there the first time.  

PS -  I'm also glad the manager/owner cared enough to read my review and entice me to come back in and try again.  That's great customer service, and shows that what we do here on Yelp is really making a difference in local business.

===

As far as gourmet hamburger joints go, you can do better than this here shop.

I wasn't dissatisfied by my volcanic burger (with molten American Cheese in the middle), but didn't find it anything to rave about either.  If you're going in search or the best burger in town, look elsewhere.  You're going to come out of Indulge Burger with something that satisfies but doesn't dazzle.  And chances are, you're coming here because you're in the mood for a mouth-wateringly yummy burger (doesn't the name suggest you should?).

Customization is their biggest selling point (you can choose all your own toppings with a very useful menu).  I was a fan of the Sweet Potato fries (and the Cookie Dough dessert!), but otherwise, I'd almost rather fire up the grill at home and build my own burger there instead.
So, I am a secret (or not so secret) fan of Fuddrucker's - and rarely find a burger that compares. Indulge comes very close and it has a great atmosphere. I love the burgers (natural beef), buns, fries and chocolate shake. This is a fun place to come. Also, since I am so picky, I love that you build your own burger and meal. The only negative thing I have to say is that the restaurant, although cute and trendy, is sometimes dirty. We've been sat by the bathroom, which smelled, and other times there has been a lot of mess on the floor.

Update - I have since heard that Indulge is one of the only restaurants in Scottsdale with 100% health dept rating. So - it is clean! Just went back and had a delicious burger.
Behind a parkinglot full of BMW's and next to two of my favorite stores ( bevmo and fresh and easy - in no particular order Haha) is a small "gourmet" burgershop, indulge burgers and more.  First off the more isn't much than a chicken, fish and bologna sandwich option, yes bologna.  Now in life knowing a "gourmet" anyshop serving bologna would keep me away but had a coupon so oh well let's try it!  The burger I had was great,juicy and full of toppings you can fully customize on a sushi like ordering sheet, pencil and all.  My only complaint was how soggy the fries were and how some of The side sauces had metallic after tastes.  Also service was less than stellar and even though it felt kinda fancy certain things were off please see the pic I attached, I don't get it if someone does please fill me in!  Overall though it was ok if you live nearby its worth a shot if u want to drive for a good burger though go to deluxe which is amazing!
Burger - ordered the Kobe.  Looked and tasted the same as the regular burger. hmmmm.  Don' t spend the extra $3.50.
Toppings - good.  If it wasn't for the mustard there would have been no taste.  Don't they know how to season in this town?
Fries - typical cardboard, preprocessed, chemically altered, shitsticks from a bag.  If they ain't hand cut and fresh - don't bother.
Milkshake - good and thick but made with less expensive ice cream.
Service - juvenile; no silverware until after the food showed.
Overall - don't waste the calories here.
I was skeptical but the reviews were strong and the Groupon was good so what the heck.  It just seemed like an overly simple concept for a pricey cheeseburger.  I think I was expecting a burger somewhere between a Friday's burger and a Burger King burger.

What I got was an awesome burger.  Tender, juicy, quality beef.  I ordered the do it yourself 1/3 pound burger with blue cheese, grilled peppers, grilled onions, grilled pineapple and an apricot chipoltle sauce.  I was hungry and I have to say that I tore up that sumbitch in no time flat.

They brought out some freshly made potato chips while we waited.  It did seem like the burger took awhile.  Did I mention it was really good?  The fries are pretty average.  I preferred the onion thins.  Yummy.

Service was great and our server somehow started telling us about her recent dinner at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  I think the point of the story was that the onion thins were better at Indulge than the onion rings at Ruth's Chris.
As close to 5 stars that u can get to a burger.  I had a 2/3 pounder.  It was probably the best meat I've had put in a burger.  The sweet potato fries and onion strings definitely were worth.

I went because of a groupon, and I will definitely go again.
I really wanted to enjoy my experience at Indulge, but didn't. From the website, local magazine reviews, and driving by, I expected it to be a slightly upscale neighborhood joint, but it really is no different than a Fuddruckers.
We were underwhelmed by the food and hated the environment. Two of us built our own burgers, and one ordered a pre-made pick off the menu. We had the dill chips (fried pickles) as an appetizer. I can't say that any of us loved our meal, and as soon as we walked out we all agreed we weren't interested in going back. It was just no better than you could make at home (and I burn soup).  
The tables were crowded, too close together, and the place was uncomfortably noisy. Our servers were trying to clear plates as soon as one of us set down a fork (no one was waiting for our table), and asked for our dessert orders while we were still eating. 
The whole experience was rushed, loud, uncomfortable, and not "indulging" in any way. I'm so disappointed.
We were in Scottsdale for a long weekend found this place via Yelp.  Indulge had good ratings and lived up to them.  Cool menu concept let's you fill out your own order from a menu they provide.  Top quality beef and ingredients are put together well. Food is very good.  Service was better, we were greeted immediately and the staff was all very attentive. The owner, Len, a former Chicagoan himself was there and very friendly. The prices were great.  We really liked Indulge and recommend it.
My husband and I went here once and loved it. He had a burger (I can't remember what kind) and loved it while I had the grilled cheese and found it incredibly gooey and delicious. We also had the parmesan garlic chips and fries and those were great too. I did find the prices a bit steep since you have to pay for each ingredient of your burger as well as the fries but over all it was delish.
A Groupon led us to try this place and it was pleasing.  I'm always on the hunt for a good veggie burger and since they had the veg.  option, I wanted to give it a try.  With lots of different toppings and sauces, you can pretty much fix it up however you  want and get something you enjoy.  I was also happily surprised by the fries with chilli (we got the vegetarian chilli) and cheese - it was happy hour so appetizers were a super  deal and this was yummy.

I  would imagine that it would be a great place for meat eaters - but I have to say it was pleasing for me as a vegetarian too.  I'm glad I got the Groupon and gave it a try!
Really enjoyed the self-design-burger menu. It's a little over-whelming the first go, but I tend to be one of those When-Harry-Met-Sally gals when it comes to my food. So this was perfect!

Only reason I'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars is that when I order a medium RARE burger, I want a juicy red-center. It ended up being more Med - Med-well. It was tasty, so I'll try again.

The service was excellent! A real team atmosphere. KUDOs Indulge!
Started out well, parmasean potato chips were yummy. The it went down hill fast. Fries and onion straws were luke warm and laden with grease. Burgers are definitely frozen and not fresh. Concept is cute but quality is poor. Save your money.
We enjoyed lunch here last weekend. I liked the complimentary Parmesan potato chips and thought the Indulge cheeseburger I had was good. I would go back to try some other menu items. I thought service was good and liked the decor. If you are in the neighborhood it is worth a try to see how it measures up to your tastes...indulge yourself.
Us gals from Campus Flowers went for lunch today and had one of the best Kobe burgers we've had in a while.  They give you your own little worksheet to check off exactly what you want on your burger to make it easy for everyone!  The onion strings were awesome too!
The burgers are an overpriced average and certainly not better than a  $6.00 burger from Carl JRs.  I sat at the bar and felt like i was  in a typical Scottsdale bar restaurant where you have to work to get service. I was disappointed but kept hearing good reviews so i tried them again.

Not only was the food average i had to endure two waitresses going back and forth about who would be waiting on us.

This is very close to where i live but i will not be going back.
Well, it was just OK. Large portion? Yes. Friendly service? Yes. Indulgent satisfaction? No. 

I recently met a friend at Indulge for lunch - armed with a groupon that was burning a hole in my pocket!  While we agreed the restaurant concept was good and the service was friendly and attentive, neither of us was overly impressed with the food.  And food is really what we go to restaurants for, isn't it? 

Armed with our build-your-own-burger menus and little miniature golf pencils, we filled in bubbles (SAT flashback anyone?) and selected 2/3 lb beef burgers with all of the basic things (cheese, lettuce, tomato, etc.) as well as grilled onions. We also opted for a side of sweet potato fries (the & More part of our meal!). 

The burgers were impressively large, but unfortunately soggy. The beef was not tantalizing juicy, but greasy. Also, the grilled onions had been placed directly on the bottom bun, so it was wet and mushy making the burger difficult to hold. The fries, served with a side of ranch dressing, were average. 

In my world, a burger should be constructed a certain way, from bottom to top, so it does not end up squishy and messy (is my Type A showing? Yep!): 
- bottom bun 
- meat 
- cheese 
- extra items (i.e. grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, etc.) 
- lettuce 
- top bun 

I am somewhat biased, as I grew up with a father who loved to grill and could make beautiful, beautiful burgers. Indulge, while not bad, was not what I was looking for. So, my quest for that juicy (and structurally sound) burger of my dreams continues.
I am from a small town just south of a big town. I have had plenty of hamburgers in my day believe you me. However, nothing will ever enter my mouth the same way as the Vesuious burger did. It was an epic explosion of flavor that titillated every single one of my taste buds. And don't get me started on the staff. So helpful! Especially (I believe her name was??) Whitney. She helped me out not only with my burger choice but also my life. I want to be a better man because of her. If girls could be boy scouts she should get a badge for awesomeness. Seriously though, you can tell when people like their jobs. As the old saying goes, If you love what you do, you will never work a day in your life. WHITNEY FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!!!!!! - Chainsaw Todd
As most men out there... bbqing a good hamburger is my ultimate task, and therefore I rarely find a burger that comes close to what I make at home! But here you go!! This place is awesome...!!

I had the Kobe burger, that I got to customize myself! What could be better other than putting fresh toppings of my choices on my perfect burger! Just down right awesome. Definitely will be going here again... next time im in Scottsdale that is!
I decided to try this place due to Yelp reviews and obtaining a restaurant.com certificate.  I read the reviews of others before I ordered my food so I could ensure I got only the best.

- The Fried Pickles are absolutely fanFRICKENtastic.
- Sweet Potatoe fries were a little on the over cooked side.
- Wife ordered a mushroom/swiss burger which was fairly simply and she said it was decent.
- I made my own with Spicy BBQ sauce, pineapple, bacon, lettuce, and all kinds of other sloppiness.  I went through a lot of napkins to eat this burger which made me very pleased.

I don't know if I'd pop in there on my own if I were in the area considering I like several other burgers served in the area much better, but it surely did not disappoint.
LOVED this place... Like the sushi type menus - which allow each person to customize their own burger to their liking. LOVED the Parmesan fries and the sweet potato fries... LOVED how the owner Lee liked my kids and welcomed them to his restaurant... Loved how they catered to all 9 of us (with 4 kids) without any hesitation. Will definitely be back.
Great burgers, decent service. Make sure to call ahead to see what the wait time is...
I had a lunch meeting at Indulge, and the Turkey Burger was fantastic.  Great service at the bar.  A great place to grab lunch.  Cool and comfortable inside.  Nothing more you can ask for.
The Fried Pickles and Chili Cheese Fries were amazing and my burger was great.  I would totally recommend this place to a friend.
I was in for lunch today and was quite disappointed with my overcooked Kobe burger. I did mention it to our server Ashley so she could pass my comment along to the cook who made it.  Ashley did offer to remake me another burger but I said no. I wasn't looking for a freebie but a desert would of been a nice gesture.
My experience wouldn't have bothered me so much if it was my first time. The food has always been spot on. I guess we are all entitled to a bad day. I look forward to going back for a perfectly cooked meal and some fun with the owner..


Dawn P
Scottsdale
I want to share my fabulous experience that I had tonight at Indulge. When we arrived there at 6:30 the Hot spot was standing room only so we took the last two seats at the bar. When we were greeted by Les the Bartender we were happy that there wasn't a table available. There is nothing like good eye candy to look at.  Okay let's get back on track here. The owner Lee who is there on Friday and Saturday nights was so busy making sure that everyone was happy. Going around to all of the tables and around the bar making private conversation with EVERYONE. We didn't spend as much time with him as we hoped . Maybe next time. The food was exceptional. The Kobe burger was cooked to perfection,  the fries crispy liked I ordered. The brownie ala mode was to die for. I tried the homemade chili and the fresh black rasberry sundae that my friend had. Both were amazing. I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu 

Text Queen
Dawn
Love this place.  We have a lunch group that goes there every other week and I never get tired of this restaurant.  Everything is good.  The burgers are juicy.  The sweet potato fries are really good.   The starter chips are really good.  For a great change of pace try the salmon salad or vegie burger.  You can tell that the vegie burger is made there and not a frozen patty (mine fell apart and needed a knife and fork).  Highly recommend this restaurant.

P.S. Ask for our favorite server Ashley
I hate to give a place that offers homemade veggie burgers two stars, but that's all I could muster. The service was very friendly, and the complimentary homemade potato chips were good. The onion rings were sliced a little thinly, which made them limp and not quite qualified as finger food. The black bean burgers really didn't hold together well at all. They really would have been better off wrapping them in a tortilla and calling them burritos. And over $31 for two burgers, a shared side, and two iced teas is pretty steep. You can eat the same quality and quantity of food, with much less fat, at Chipotle for half the price.
Within a week of posting a negative, the owner/manager of Indulge Burgers contacted me and let me know that my review is not how they do business and invited me back - he would pay for my meal.

I have not gone back and I won't make him pay but I will go give them another try. If for not other reason than the business actually cares aboutmaking things right.
Craving burgers last night, my boyfriend and I decided to eat at Indulge.  Upon entering the building, I liked the laid back atmosphere and the bar in the middle of the room.

I ordered the ruby red margarita and a veggie burger on brioche.  Some restaurants throw a veggie burger on the menu as an afterthought, and you can taste it.  Indulge is not one of those places - the burger was handmade and moist.  Also, the pickles they put on the burger are awesome - instead of chips, they use the sandwich stackers, which ensure that you get a bit of pickle in every bite :)

Overall, we enjoyed the food and atmosphere for a later-night, laid back dinner and would return - 4 stars!
I finally got to try out Indulge.  The decor is mid-noughty's Scottsdale decor - modern Southwest theme.  Nice.  When we first arrived they provided us with potato chips with cheese.  My son was in heaven, he is four.

I order a Kobe beef hamburger which was simply amazing.  They provide a pencil and the customer selects how it is cooked and the topping, type of bun, type of cheese, etc.  The toppings are straight forward as well as a little exotic - I had dried cranberries as an option.

It was interesting to note the amount of food that came with the kid's meal; two cheeseburgers and fries.  Today was the only time my son sat down and ate a complete hamburger!  That is a statement in itself.

The Kobe beef flavorful and buttery soft.  The hamburger was cooked to perfection.

The service was great.  I have a habit of putting down five or so ice tea's at a sitting.  The glass was always partially filled.

Lastly, we selected carrot cake as a desert - first rate!  To die for..........

I highly recommend Indulge - it is a real treat!
Went there on a Sunday and found a list of somewhat expensive burgers.  I say somewhat expensive because for that price I rather have Delux.  So there I am with a wildly mediocre burger only to find the place COMPLETELY redeem itself and serve up a $5 pitcher of Kiltlifter.  Seriously, where can you find a pitcher of Kiltlifter for only $5.  I'll come back and this time drink the pitcher before eating and then all will be good.
Well right when we got here, we were treated to a line that was four couples deep, room enough for three.  I figured I'd spend a little time answering email, but their WiFi was locked down.  The hostess asked manager "Lee" for the code, but he wouldn't cooperate.  We sat down and were given very aromatic and tasty Parmesan garlic chips and a very confusing menu.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive, all throughout our meal.

*Edit: I am changing the review after an email exchange with the owner, noting that it should be about the food and nothing else; true.
When it comes to a gourmet hamburger joint, I have a simple yardstick...if you have the word "burger" in the name of your business, and you charge a premium price (in this case a cheeseburger with bacon was $13.50, no fries), I should be able to expect a burger cooked to temperature.  Everytime.

You may argue that one man's medium is another's well-done, so I always ask for their definition.  In this case, I went with the waiter's recommendation to go med-rare, which should have been pink throughout and slightly warm in the middle, "because they keep cooking even after they're taken off the grill."  He added that we "can always cook it longer."  Great plan...poorly executed.  Burger came out medium well, not even pink in parts (cooked unevenly too).  When I showed the waiter, he said, "yeah, that looks over cooked," and poured some water.

For me, the review ends here.  Will I try it again?  Maybe, but with lower expectations.

Other observations, in order of notice:

They DO NOT WANT YOU TO BRING IN A FIREARM.  Seriously, three of those crazy signs (the hand cannon with a slash through it) posted in a small restaurant...we get it, you don't like the 2nd amendment.

Parmesean chips while waiting were a nice touch.  Bring some more out if you see that my two young kids have devoured them, as if not having a meal in three days.

Despite the above, the burger was very good.  You can tell they use quality beef and fresh vegetables too.

The fries, while a la carte, were good as well...nice and crisp.

Kids meal was FANTASTIC!  Chicken strips were good size, and fruit on the side was fresh!  Great value!

Service was decent...kept drinks filled, pleasant enough, would have liked to have been asked if I wanted my burger re-done.
Very good upscale burger.  Bun holds up well.  Highly recommend for this category.  Kobe burger was very good.  Decor quite plain.
My first visit to Indulge left me less than a raving fan, and I tried to capture the reasons in my previous review.  To my amazement, I received an email in response from the owner of Indulge, within 24 hours, addressing concerns.  In a day and age where many dismiss complaints with the idea that there are plenty of customers out there, this type of ownership goes a long way with me...so we returned for another try.  It was nothing short of great!

Was there a wait when we got there at 6pm on a Saturday?  Thankfully, yes!  I'd be concerned if there wasn't at this time on a weekend.  15 minutes, tops.  There was also a very pleasant hostess, doing whatever she could to make the wait less painful, including getting my two children a glass of water to satisfy them, and menus to occupy them.

We ordered almost exactly as the last visit, my wife and I angus burgers, and the kids got chicken fingers (next time we're trying the mac 'n cheese, Lee).  Again a HUGE kids portion, and they even split it for us onto two plates!  No extra plate charge, no sighs, just good service.  This time, the burgers were cooked to order, medium and medium well throughout!  Same as last time, all of the food was fresh and delicious...great meat!

A quick comment about the atmosphere, which was very lively.  Good balance of dining room to bar area, great DirecTV service for games playing, and loved that the owner makes the rounds throughout the place to check on everything...he even had my shy two year old warming up to him, he came by so often, and was so friendly.  The staff is a young group, and provided great service.  Having worked in retail for 15 years, I know this is no small feat to accomplish, again a testament to the owner's involvement.
Yummy, this place is great. Good burgers and you get to choose everything yourself the meat the cheese what type of sauce or veggies you want. Your not tied to a box at this place and it shows the meats are all fresh and the cheese and veggies are all top quality. I recently ate here with my family and at first thought it was a little expensive about 11.00 a burger after cheese and stuff. My personal burger was like $15.00 after I got kobe beef and horseradish cheese but the burger was very good. After thinking about it for a while it dawned on me that a Whopper is like 6 dollars and this was easily 3 to 4 times better then a Whopper. I recommend it if your looking for a good burger all natural no hormones and an entire gluten free menu.
I can't say enough great things about this place. 

First of all they had me at FRIED PICKLES! I mean c'mon, they nailed it! The burgers are made just the way YOU want it, with toppings, and sauces galore to choose from. Plain and simple, one of the best burger spots in Scottsdale, and I have absolutely nothing but great things to say about it. 

A MUST TRY, if you're in the neighborhood!
Possibly the best burgers in town
I am a whore for great burgers, but it is hard to impress me. Indulge flirts with this, but I can never get my burger cooked to the temperature I ask for. I hate that! Take the Outback strategy and undercook everything, I don't care. Oh, and buy some salt for the beef.

Good deals, real good drink deals, for happy hour!
I just discovered this place had a full gluten-free menu yesterday, so couldn't wait to try them out today. The gluten-free menu is extensive and impressive -- a refreshing change from most burger joints, which simply say "For gluten-free, order without the bun."

Since I was pressed for time, I ordered a "create-your-own" gluten-free turkey burger for myself and a regular "create-your-own" burger for my husband, plus an order of fries. They had it ready very quickly and the staff was fairly friendly. Unfortunately, when I got home, I discovered they had charged me for the fries but not included them. Also, they hadn't marked which burger was the GF and which was the regular. Since the same toppings were on both, it took my husband and I a bit of time to figure out which was which, and I was still a bit concerned that I might consume the wheat-laden bun by mistake. 

The burgers were excellent (I'd highly recommend the grilled onion topping) and if it hadn't been for the missing fries and the failure to distinguish the regular order from the gluten-free one, I might have given five stars instead of four. I'll definitely go back, though. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu... lobster benedict. Yum!
Very impressive burger. Cooked to perfection and served with all the right fixings.  Rates right up there with houston and white chocolate grill.
Would not have heard about this place if it wasn't for Groupon. We live in Central Phx so making the drive on a Friday night - hungry no less - we had high hopes. I liked the casual atmosphere and the energy was good. It appears there may be a patio soon which will be fantastic. 

I loved the build-your-own burger option (especially as a non-beef eater). There were so many options it was actually hard to choose for toppings, sides, etc. We also ordered the fried pickles after trying them while waiting - awesome!  The sweet-potato fries were excellent - although the sweet dipping sauce that accompanied was a bit of a surprise, but good (coming from a fan of all things mustard). Judging by the lack of food left on the plates in front of my dear husband and my sister, I'd say the beef burgers must have been pretty darn good too.

I agree with star p...a must try if you're in the neighborhood. (I know we'll be back!)
I first went to Indulge because it was near my apartment.  My friend and I went during happy hour and it was very slow so we got great service from the bartender.  He explained the menu and made suggestions.  I was teetering on the decision of a regular burger or a veggie burger, and he convinced me to try the veggie.  WORST DECISION EVER!  This is not a veggie burger!  It is SLOP!  It was a pile of mashed beans on a bun.  No texture, not taste (except for bean), and definitely not satisfied.  I do have to give them credit for the fried pickles and french fries, YUM YUM!  The potato chips that were given as a snack tasted a bit burnt and unappetizing after trying a couple.
After this horrible veggie burger experience, we decided to go back to after purchasing the groupon.  I wish I had saved it for a later date because the service may have been the worst (or very close to it) I've ever had.  As a server myself, I'm more lenient on other servers in the weeds.  But this guy was not hustling at all.  It bothers me when there doesn't seem to be anyone concerned with customer service.  The vesuvius juicy lucy was lacking, but everything else tasted good.  Consequently, I doubt we'd be returning ever again.  Sorry Indulge.  I hate to see locally owned places go down in flames.
LOVE this restaurant.  We go practically every Saturday and my biggest problem is trying to decide what to have.  We have never had a bad meal.  I am not a fan of veggie burgers and even that was really good.  The new Mac and Cheese is fab.  I had it with mushrooms and bacon.  Terrific atmosphere and all the wait staff is so friendly.  We recommend it to everyone and have taken many people there with us.  Can't say enough about this restaurant.
Fried pickles and marshmellow, brown sugar dipping sauce - enough said!

The fried pickles are amazing - I figured it would be the usual jarred pickle dipped in some fry batter, but these were thick cut, crunchy pickles fried in a panko batter - so delish!

Three of us went to dinner on Friday night - we got there early and were seated immediately.   Love the fill in the bubble menu - makes it super easy to get the ordering done.   We all ordered custom burgers (why wouldn't you?)   I had the veggie burger which was so amazingly tasty and filling that even meat eaters would love it.    The boys had all sorts of extra's on their burgers and enjoyed every bite!

Of course we ordered fries - half regular which were crispy and just greasy enough to be perfect!   the other half - sweet potato fries - i am a real snob when it comes to sweet potato fries - I won't eat them if they aren't perfect and these were perfect!   it didn't hurt that they came with this amazing gooey sauce that after tasting over and over we decided was marshmellow and brown sugar - upon asking the waiter we were told we were correct.

The service was good - you could see the owner walking around talking to staff - a bit curious why he didn't make table rounds - he was there after all - a quick hello...how are things...would have been nice.

we were way too full to attempt any dessert, but honestly they had pieces of dessert at the front hostess stand under a plastic container - they looked like they had been sitting there forever.

stick with the burgers, the fries, and yes get the fried pickles!
Had the Kobe burger and sweet potato fries.  The food was delicious. Everything you order is served on the side.  This is great because 2 people can order different things and then share.  The portions are big so we ended up boxing a complete burger to take home (1/2 each).  The sweet potatoes were served with a sweet caramel-marshmallow sauce that we also took home and later ate on a vanilla sponge cake...it was yummy!
I can indulge on these burgers any day. And the best part about it is that I don't have to feel guilty about it! They have tons of healthy options such as turkey and veggie burgers on a whole wheat bun. I would recommend to build your own burger. The options are endless! I really like the ordering system they use here. You will get a check sheet to fill out your order and mark what you want on your burger. This makes it easy to decide what you want and I'm sure easier on the servers and cooks! 

Reading other reviews I noticed that I missed out on the fried pickles. I will be trying those the next time I visit here for sure!
I've been here a handful of times and each time I try something new. They have a great twist on all the basics like sweet potato fries, burgers, and even breakfast foods! I like coming here for their happy hour! Good selection of drinks and food. I like that its modern but still comfortable environment. I also love that you can customize almost anything you order using their check sheet order form. We came here for breakfast and tried the omelette and pancakes. We checked all the different toppings we wanted on our omelettes. The waiters are good about giving you ideas and advice on what to put on. Their burgers are top notch with organic/farm raised chicken/ kobe beef. Prices are fair for the quality and amount of food you get.
Overpriced food and not even made very well.  Burger was overcooked, shake was devoid of ice cream, just meh.  However, I can say I received superb service from a server named Joe who was friendly and most helpful.  Unfortunately, other than sitting outside which I loved, everything else was just meh.
The hamburgers there are fantastic!  Probably one of the best hamburgers I have ever had.  The toppings are delicious, and the service is great.  Love this place!
Found Indulge on a whim, based on their huge "Gluten-Free Menu" outside - I was not disappointed when we decided to try it!

Indulge has a separate gluten-free menu and the server was very knowledgable walking me through their kitchen processes to reassure me.  

I ordered my burger on a gluten-free bun (!!!) the first time I was ever able to do this in a restaurant.  That was EXCITING!

I think Indulge is as good as you make it - you are given a menu to check off ingredients for your burger.  They have SOOO many choices, that it's likely that if you don't like your burger, YOU made the wrong choice. 

I had no such problem - I loved my custom burger!  It was cooked to the correct temperature, was delicious & best of all, was delivered on a tasty gluten-free bun. 

PLUS, though I was full (it was a LOT of food!) I was able to take a gluten-free cupcake to go - wow, was that ever heaven later!  Thanks Indulge!
Who would have thought that peanut butter on a burger would be good, but this restaurant nailed it again. We have never had a bad meal. When our children came to visit, 11 month old Lilly tasted her first burger and loved it.
You may think you know burgers, but you don't; not until you've experience indulge burger. First, They use all organic beefy goodness and don't skimp when it comes to portions. Each time I go I tell myself I'm not going to eat the whole thing and then end up enhaling 1/2 lb of burger numiness, lol. Second, somehow they come up with the craziest burger creations that you may think sound weird, but in actuality are delish (Yeah, I'm talking to you peanut butter burger). Pickled potato chips, sweet potato fries, mac n cheese, chili, and the gust busting chocolate chip souffle are my other standby goodies, but it's really all about the burger. You want it cooked rare, it's ACTUALLY  rare, not that make believe rare that's actually medium at other burger joints. You want it so well done it's charred, they'll do that too ;-) And, on top of it all, they have a full bar, woohoo!
I came, I saw, and boy did I Indulge! I'm thrilled to finally find an upscale burger joint in the Valley that has such a great selection of gluten free options that won't break the bank. 

Most of my burger experiences have been disappointing at best since the bun was removed from my diet nearly 10 years ago when I found out I had Celiac. I consider myself lucky if I can find a restaurant that will do a lettuce wrap for me, but no more sad "protein style" burgers for me thanks to Indulge Burger! They offer a perfectly toasted gluten free burger courtesy of Gluten Free Creations Bakery and some delectable desserts to boot. 

But they don't stop at just burgers; their menu has a great variety of gluten free items depending on your mood. I loved the three cheese grilled cheese sandwich, french fries, and cheese burger that I shared with friends, but next time I'm going to try the chicken sandwich with the goat cheese spread on top. I can't wait to bring my daughter here for the hot dog on a bun - she's gluten free too and I don't think she's ever had the pleasure of eating one on a bun in her entire life (all 3 years of it). 

The atmosphere during happy hour was very relaxed with great music playing in the background. The entire staff so was so friendly and most  importantly, very knowledgable about the gluten free menu. I had the chance to meet the owner, Lee, and he really makes every customer feel right at home. He himself is not Celiac, but you can tell that he is very proud about his gluten free menu and the variety he is able to offer to his customers.

The icing on the cake was the dessert menu though. They had several kinds of gluten free cupcakes to choose from plus an AMAZING cinnamon roll that had a perfectly ooey-gooey center. If you are on a gluten free diet then Indulge Burger needs to be added to your list of places to try.
Really good black bean veggie burger, full bar and HD tv's.  Decent beer, although we sat down and they were advertising Anchor Steam Porter for $4!  I was the happiest person ever.  Alas, they were out.  Why are they out?  There's a BevMo about 20 feet away.  Go buy a case!  Even if they pay full retail they are still getting a huge markup at $4/bottle!  I really have no idea why places don't offer better beer selections.  
They give you a checklist and let you design your own burger so I really enjoy that.  Seeing all the options gives me new ideas of things to try.

Anyways, we've been here several times and really enjoy the food.  Service usually sucks - even though we almost always sit at the bar, but this time was actually pretty good.  So hopefully they've had other complaints about it and now it's back on track.  
The onion ring/sweet potato fries are really good too.
I have been twice - the second time I was giving them another change with a Groupon, but both times I have come away disappointed.  I like being able to chose exactly what to have on my burger, so I like the concept of Indulge.  I also love Kobe burgers, which you do not get everywhere - however, this kobe burger did not taste any different from a regular burger may have been better.  Also, the burger was not cooked enough.  The fries that come with the kobe burger are nothing special for an upscale burger joint.  I do like the chips you get when you first sit down - they are addictive, but twice now we have been disappointed with the quality, so we will not be back - even with a Groupon,
Way cool concept!  I love the build your own burger and they have the BEST turkey burger I've ever had.  Took my parents there for brunch a couple weeks ago.  Didn't realize they had brunch even!  My mom really enjoyed making her own omlette.  I stuck with the turkey burger.  ;-)  We tried the fried pickles and they were good, but I prefer the jalapeno pickle spears rather than the dill.  I love how they bring out the home-made fries with the parmesan cheez on top in the beginning!  We were fortunate enough this time to not have a wait.  I would recommend calling ahead to see how backed up they are - the new outdoor seating area should help with this too.  Sometimes, it's worth the wait!
I scan through reviews on Yelp for various restaurants and just read a review of Indulge that is so blatantly wrong I had to comment. To say that Indulge is not kid friendly is so far removed from what I have seen at this restaurant.  They always seem to fawn over children and take special care with their food. We take our grandchildren whenever they come to Scottsdale and we will continue to do so. They even have Indulge tee shirts that they wear in New York.
with as many times as i've been to Indulge, one would think i'd give it more than 3 stars. however, i mainly go because it isn't terrible and there's a huge convenience factor - i can put food in my belly, buy cat food (Choice Pet Market) and stop at the liquor store (BevMo) all in one shot.

the service is good, the build-your-own burger concept is nice, the restaurant, though small is clean, and they have several different menu options, however the burgers are just meh. there's nothing wrong with them per se; i'm just really underwhelmed by the flavor.

in fairness though, i tried the salmon salad last night and it was pretty good so i think that's what i'll order there in my (likely) future visits. oh and their milk shakes are pretty stellar.
I was really looking forward to eating here.  Tucked away in a strip mall behind a Denny's. Nice patio area facing a parking lot.  The choices for the burgers were really good. The sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was good. Our burgers were both overcooked. The most dissapointing thing though was that the bun was nothing more than a store bought hamburger but. Sorry, but if you are spending $15 on a burger at least make it a good bun.
Great service at the bar, good looking staff, and a great salmon salad make this a good stop for business travellers in chain restaurant hell.

The burgers are just ok... but what really makes this place shine is the great service, and I truly loved the salmon salad and the kilt lifter on tap.

this will be my new go to place every time I'm in phx.
So I saw an ad for Indulge in Phoenix magazine and decided to give it a try.  It's been a while since I've had a really good burger, and I like the idea of the "build your own," which I was intent on doing until I saw their "Burger of the Month" offering...  a 1/2 lb burger with lettuce, tomato, red onion, onion hay, bacon, and ... (drum roll) peanut butter!  Granted I was a touch apprehensive about having peanut butter sloshed all over my bun instead of mayo, but was intrigued enough to try it... and I'm glad I did. The peanut butter complimented the bacon and really added to the overall profile of the burger.  My burger was also cooked well, which is a big selling point for me.  Couple that with $2 Landsharks during happy hour and I will definitely be back!
After a long day of moving my Husband and I were famished.  He wanted a burger and I was looking for something a little lighter.  However,  it was his turn to pick.  So Indulge Burger it was.  I have been trying to cut back on eating so much red meat so I'm hoping they have fish or a veggie burger of some sort.  Thank God, they have a veggie burger.  I very skeptically order it.   Having eaten every veggie burger in this blessed city nothing compared to this little taste yummy veggie burger I had twirling in my mouth.  I was in sheer heaven!!   My husband even took a time out from his burger to try mine and he also loved it!!  So whether you be a meat eater or not this is the place that can accommodate everyone.  Can't wait to go back!!
The Grind. Zinburger. Delux...
Those are some of the best burgers I've found here in the Valley.

Indulge isnt one of them. Not by a long shot.

The menu boasts natural, hormone free beef, and you can build your own burger with various buns, cheeses, sauces, meats and toppings. However, if the cook cannot deliver a burger ordered medium temperature, why bother with the bragging? 
Seriously...both burgers were well done, dry and tasteless..

Skip this place and head towards Camelback Road in East Phoenix...the best burgers inthe valley are there, not here...
Made my second visit to Indulge Burgers on Friday night with my wife (her first time). Both of us enjoyed splitting a Turkey Burger and Sweet Potato Fries. The Burger was a little dry....but that's kind of what you get with a turkey burger most times. 
And who would have guessed they had $2 Land Sharks for Happy Hour. Great snack and the beer was cold! We look forward to heading back and trying more of the menu. Service was attentive and friendly.
Indulge is clearly trying. They have great service and decent ambiance. But damned if those burgers aren't mediocre.

Considering that the only places that open in the Valley anymore are gourmet burger joints or wood-fired pizza kitchens, you've gotta do something to stand out. Indulge's attempt is the Vesuvius Volcanic, a grand name for some melted cheese inside a beef patty. Based on the description and safety warnings, I thought I'd get blasted with molten cheese when i cut into the thing, but it just oozed out. And yes, I realize that could be mistake for euphemism.

I ended up eating it with a fork, which was not all that fun.

(Note to every burger/wood-fired pizza joint in the region: Shocktop and Landshark are NOT microbrews, no matter what Peter King says.)
I can never decide what to eat.....everything is amazing!
Since there are so many reviews, I'll keep mine short and simple.  If you know how to put a good burger together, you'll do fine.  Service was good. I would say it was on the too greasy side.

The great part was that the burger meat was cooked exactly to order.

Only three stars because I didn't think it was the best burger in the world, there was nothing that really stood out.  I don't think the kobe burger tasted any different.  Save your $4.50.  I think for the price they all should have come with fries...but hey, that's just me.
I have one word to describe the burgers here "FLAVORLESS."   I had a local dines coupon and was looking forward to enjoying a great burger.  I was very disappointed.   I ordered the Vesuvius Volcanic burger and advised the food server I would like it cooked well done. The Vesuvius burger has cheese in the center that oozes out when you bite in.  I couldn't wait to try it.  However, it came out medium rare.  Pure red in most of the burger.   They took it back and offered to cook me another one but I ended up ordering a "build your own" burger.  The second burger was cooked correctly with the correct toppings.   In each bite of the burger I kept waiting for the great burger flavor to explode in my mouth but it never happened.   The other person in my party felt the same way.  They also ordered the "build your own" burger.   We also ordered the "1/2 and 1/2" which is half onion strings and half fries.   They were greasy and cold.   We observed many burgers and other food items just sitting on the line.   It appears they have no food runner.  This is probably why the food is cold.   The only reason I didn't give it one star is the food server was polite even though we had a problem with our burger.  I would not return.
I am soooooooo happy!  I'm rocking the five stars because Indulge Burgers has a whole gluten free menu!  They just don't offer to serve your burger in a "protein wrap" which means throw some lettuce around it, they actually have an entire gluten free menu AND their servers are knowledgeable about the whole issues we celiac's have with cross contamination issues.  Since I am newly diagnosed I am so happy to be able to go to a restaurant and not worry about my food!

My hubby enjoyed the free homemade potato chips that were brought to the table and the server made sure I knew that they were not gluten free.....which is awesome!  

Let them know as soon as you walk in that you want the baked fries and they'll start them.  They take longer but they are quite good and you get a huge portion (which we both ate from and still had some to bring home)  And my burger was excellent as were the condiments.  Everything was fresh, my gluten free bun was yummy!   

I'm going to try a chicken sandwich next time and I will absolutely be back!  Phoenix needs more places willing to understand the issues some people have dining out with nutritional issues.
The food is great here. I love that they offer a burger without the bun. And the custom made to order form is fun. I can get anything I want on it, in any weird combination.  I've been here a couple of times using restaurant.com certificates.  And, groupon had a deal here too.  Those are what brought me here.  Without any discount, it's a bit pricey, but like I said the food is great. And they give those little chips for free! Yum.
I have one word to describe Indulge...BLAAAAAH!  service was super slow and the burger was so so.  There are many many better options for a burger in The Valley.  Don't waste your time or money here.
We loved this place!! A delicious burger, done just how I wanted it!! Even dh, who's really picky, said it was the best burger he's had. Very filling too!! The sweet potato fries come with this marshmallow dipping sauce which was fabulous. The onion rings were great too.

Our younger daughter is GF and got to enjoy a cheeseburger on the bun for the first time in ages. She loved it, and the fries too. We took home some GF cupcakes and the cinnamon roll, delicious!! 

We sat on the patio with misters and were fine, even on a 100deg+ day! They have "yappy hour" from 2-4 where apparently you can bring your dog to dinner, which is such a cute idea. 

The service was great, our cups were never empty. I can't recommend it highly enough!! Asked for a location in Gilbert, and the owner/manager said they're thinking about somewhere further east and south. A girl can hope, right?
"Life is short remember to indulge."

I read this quote on the back of an employee's shirt at Indulge Burgers and More (10392 North Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale, AZ  85254).   What a fitting quote, for this is an establishment with a menu that boasts a variety of delicious items that can satisfy any eater.

Indulge Burgers has a two-sided menu: the first side has items already created (made fresh) for your choosing and the other side where one can create their own protein-based sandwich.   Items already created include their variety of starters and appetizers, signature burgers, indulge sandwiches and even salads.    A unique quality about Indulge Burgers is the fact they can certify their Angus natural beef is humanely raised.

The "create your own" side of the menu includes your choice of protein to start your perfect sandwich (beef, chicken, turkey, Kobe beef, or home made veggie).  After protein is selected, one can choose their choice of cheese, sauce and one of three types of buns.   You can be as indulgent as you care to be.

Indulge Burgers has an ample drink selection, as well as "adult milkshakes" (milkshakes made with liquor) and desserts. Indulge Burgers steps into the territory of breakfast as well, with a full breakfast menu.  If you are looking for a gluten-free menu, Indulge Burgers has a complete menu just for gluten-free diets.

I was extremely pleased with my personal indulgence!  So pleased that I returned a second day in a row!  The mini cheeseburgers are no small feat for hunger.  Three mini cheeseburgers are topped with cheddar, red onions, pickles, tomatoes and lettuce.  One can easily tailor their mini cheeseburgers to their liking.  A butter topped bun covers their thick patty and numerous toppings.

On day two I ordered their three cheese grilled cheese, which is served on thick multi-grain bread, melted with cheddar, American and Swiss cheeses.  A thick coating of melted cheese overtakes the thick multi-grain bread, an instant delicious combination for any grilled cheese lover!

As you can see, Indulge Burgers and More can easily satisfy the most indulgent eater, the health-conscious eater, or those with special diets.  Indulge today and create your own personal indulgence, your stomach will thank you for it!
Visited on June 29th- on a ladies night---so my drinks were half-price! :) I had their turkey burger and thought it was wonderful. I've tried several in the past and hated them all. Great to finally find one I loved! This burger was served with a spicy sour cream and cranberries-- wonderful combination of flavors. Husband had a huge Bison burger. He thought it was pretty good- but not spectacular. The service was very good--great suggestions and attentive.
Decided to give Indulge Burgers another try and am sure glad I did.   Everything was phenomenal!   There were two of us in the party and we each ordered a "create your own" burger."    On the create your own menu you get a choice of protein, cheeses, toppings, sauces and buns.   The choice of proteins include beef, turkey, veggie, grilled chicken, salmon.   The cheese choices include a choice of ten high quality cheeses.  Sauces and toppings are all very fresh and tasty.   The burgers had a great flavor.  We also ordered frys and they were hot and flavorful.   To drink I treated myself to a margarita and it was one of the best I've ever had.   Will definitely be coming back here again and again.   They also have a gluten free menu.   Head to Indulge Burgers and More right away.    You'll be glad you did.
I ate there with my wife on a date night... The burgers were top notch.  Service was not bad.  Nice atmosphere.
Lots of stuff on the menu, but it's an a la carte type menu...
I love that you can build your own burger..adding whatever toppings you want...If you go a little crazy, it will get expensive.
Not a cheap place, 2 of us ate (burgers with a few extras), sweet potato fries were incredible mainly because of the dipping sauce... and 2 sodas...Total including tip was about $35.
I would go back again if I'm in the area....
Had the best dinner last night during the height of the wind storm. What could be better than a fresh, ice cold salad followed by fabulous chili con carne all washed down with a delicious frozen margarita.  What could be bad? Nothing! and the service was wonderful. My husband tried the sliders which were done to perfection to which he added an order of onion strings. DEFINITELY going back for more good food.
Eggs Benedict Lovers Rejoice!!

I come to Indulge all the time for lunch and LOVE it.  When I was told they have Breakfast, I had to investigate.  

They only serve breakfast on the weekends, and let me tell you it's amazing!!  Word hasn't gotten yet out on the breakfast thing, which selfishly is great b/c you get a seat right away (compared to waiting for ages down the road at other places).

I'm definitely an eggs benedict snob, and theirs is top notch!  The hollandaise is spot on and delicious.  They are a little on the pricey side ($9+ for Eggs benny without hashbrown), but totally worth it.  This is a must try for Eggs Benedict fans!
Had the most fabulous dinner on Saturday... the new Brisket Sliders. Recommending them to everyone. Hope they are a permanent addition to the menu!!!
i would highly recommend this for happy hour.  food was great.  wednesday's ladies night was super fun.
I brought my sisters here after I purchased a Groupon.  I'm glad that it came up on Groupon because I never would have known about this place.

Yum food- served any way you want it.  Everything can be customized to your desires.
Went to Indulge Burgers for the first time after Ignite Phoenix After Hours. Wanted to stay there forever.

Here's the thing: If you're craving a burger, we all have several options. There's a fast food burger joint practically in every corner, and almost any "American Fare" restaurant and bar has their signature burger on their menu. Btu what sets Indulge Burgers apart is the opportunity to build your own--that's right BYOB (burger, that is). Now, all of a sudden, that burger you're wanting becomes a burger you'd kill for (maybe not to that extreme, but you get what I mean), because it will have everything you are looking for in a burger.

Their burgers are all about juiciness, and partnered with their brioche bread, become divine. 

Ordered sweet potato fries with my lovely burger creation because, well, I heard it's better for you...whatever. It came with a dipping sauce on the side, which, at first glance, looked like some Italian dressing. But I was so wrong! This was the ish! The sauce is actually the liquefied, melted version of marshmallow cream/fluff with a dash of cinnamon. Some of you might think that the sauce might be too sweet and would ruin the meal and you all are so wrong! The sweetness of the fries and dipping sauce actually enhances the savoriness of my burger! That sauce was like crack and I wish they bottled it. I could not get enough of the fries and dipping sauce combo. I wanted to lick it clean but, I was all dressed nicely, you know.

Service was very good, and the staff was great and friendly. I love the place, I want to live there. Or at least live near them. But alas, I live all the way in Tukee. Boo-hiss.

So now I have two wishes: Please bottle your sweet (crack-like) sauce and open an Indulge Burgers in PHOENIX!
Great place.  We went there originally with a Groupon.  We tried the sweet potato fries and they are the best in town.  That cinnamon/marshmallow dip didn't sound good, but when we tried it we were hooked immediately.  I ordered our burgers just the way we like them and they were very good.  Meat was cooked perfectly.  I just had to add a little salt to the meat.  One of the better burger joints this part of town.
Visited Indulge Burgers over the 4th of July weekend. This place ROCKS! Wish they had one in Seattle. 
- Ambiance was classy/nice, but casual. (I forgot that I was actually in a strip mall.) 
- Staff was professional, friendly, and attentive - service was great. 
- The burgers were amazing and you can't beat the fact that they use Certified Humane beef! 

Will definitely be back on my next trip to the area.
Mediocre at best.  After being told we would have a 20-25 minute wait, we waited over 45 minutes.  Ok, we could manage that even though we were starving.  We sat down and it was 15 minutes before our server came to take our drink order, then didn't come back with the drinks for another 15  minutes.  Getting our food was another 45 minutes.  What should have been no more than 2 hours ended up being over 3 hrs.  While the concept is great, and the food was good, it certainly isn't worth the prices.  My bill for 4 burgers, 3 drinks and an order of fries was $65, not including a tip.  If I wouldn't have used my $30 groupon I would have been extremely upset.  I could manage the prices if the service wasn't so horrendous.  I won't be back.
Cool combination possibilities however, this place is way over rated and way over priced.  I'd choose a burger from Five Guys or In and out before I would go to this place again.
Went with the 25$ deal that gave us 2 apps, 2 drinks and 2 burgers.Was told it would be 20 minute wait when it was closer to a hour... but hey, its a Friday night and BevMo is next door (Free beer tastings on Friday nights, folks!). 
service is ok.... both tables on each side of us seemed to have a few issues with their server ( no silverware, wrong drink order, delay in coming back when expressed in a hurry) I found him to be ...abrupt and treating customers, even the elderly table, like they were his frat buddies but maybe this is just a very casual business. 

Try the Fried Pickles... oh my god, so good. Fried onion strings were just a pile of greasy, floppy mess. why not just go the extra step and make actual Onion Rings!?
burgers were good and BIG. They forgot the bacon I ordered and didn't realize it till had my leftovers later sadly. 

Overall, pretty good but I would never pay the full price ( over 50 dollars) for burgers but for a coupon , why not!

Upped my stars - I appreciate the email from manager expressing his desire for us to return and sorry for the mistake and the wait ( but like I said, it was a busy night and we had fun in bevmo). 
Overall, I think Indulge is gonna continue to be just as popular as it was last night, and thats a good thing.
I had been looking for an excuse to go to Indulge Burgers for months, since I live in the West Valley. It was worth the wait. I ordered a gluten free burger and order of fries (baked.) It was a busy Saturday lunch crowd, so we opted to eat on the patio. I was expecting the service to be super slow out there, but that was not the case. The waitress came out quickly and took our orders. Soon we got our drinks, then came out the fries, then the burgers. YUM! It was fabulous. The gluten free options were as good as I could have hoped. And they are puppy friendly.
What a pleasant surprise.  We've driven past this place many times, but never would have known it existed without the groupon special.

We started off with the fried pickle chips which were yummy. They were about 1/4 inch thick with a nice thick crunch and were served with a dill sauce which was awesome.

We then did our made-to-order burgers.  I chose the chicken sandwich with avocado, pepperjack, baby greens, olives, and cactus ranch sauce.  Now, typically restaurants overcook the chicken drying it out, but this was extremely moist and a delightfully tasty creation.

My boyfriend got the burger which was cooked to his requested medium doneness and he said was awesome.

We did decide to try the sweet potato fries after reading others reviews on here and we both agree they're really yummy.  With the sweet sauce, it was definitely our substitute for dessert. 

After being to Zinburger last week and having tested out a lot of great places in the area, we will for sure keep this place on our list of fun burger joints and are excited to return,

Oh and happy hour is 330-630, so half off appetizers and we got some great beer specials.  Apparently Sundays they offer beer pitchers for $5.
Food is good but the service is slow.   Didn't care too much for the outside seating either.
I love fish and Alan doesn't, so to find a good restaurant where we can get beef and fish is wonderful. Had the grouper sandwich on Saturday, but had it blackened instead of fried. YUM!!! Moist and delicious. Most restaurants overcook the fish so I was thrilled. Will be having it more often. Alan loves his all beef hot dog and I indulge with my Frozen Margarita. What a great dinner with friends..
The staff here is super friendly and service was top notch.  Maybe it's a Scottsdale thing or something but two of us ate, had two burgers, french fries, the yummy sweet potato fries, and two shakes.. bill was $45 bucks.   Ouch.. a little high..  Had the Volcanic Burger which all the cheese when popped fell all to the bottom of the plate and not on my burger. So my cheesy burger wasn't so cheesy when I went to eat it.   The highlight of our meal was the Sweet Potato fries, they were just so yummy, more like a desert but I wouldn't mind swinging in for drinks and eating those.  The Burger didn't really have a lot of flavor to it and feel apart making it hard to eat.  Overall it's a nice clean place with good service..
Great burgers, try the sweet potato fries with marshmellow sauce! Oh, and don't miss the fried pickles, omg!
09/08/11

Great place for gourmet burgers, but pricey!  I was in the area, returning an item at Bev Mo', when I noticed that the burger place I'd been reading about from so many Yelp friends was right next door.  I had just noticed a Now! Groupon deal that morning where $12 bought $20 worth of food there, so I went in and had a look at the menu and decided that the groupon deal was worth checking out.

Looking at the happy hour menu, I see that it's 3:30p-6:30p Sundays (beer /wine) and Mondays (domestic beer/sliders) and 4p-close Ladies' Night Tuesdays and Wednesdays (1/2 off apps and drinks).  I'll have to check HH on a Wednesday soon!

After poring over the menu for a few minutes and asking lots of questions (organic and local produce and meats are used whenever possible), I decided to customize a Kobe burger w/ gruyere, mixed greens, sprouts, grilled onions, and pepperoncini, on an oatmeal-topped wheat bun, with an apricot chipotle sauce.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=7HkjJq2083qp9TxBduhkTw  I upgraded to sweet potato fries for an extra charge.  Sounds great, right?  And it was!  Loved everything on my plate!!  The bun is from a local bakery and made fresh everyday; the veggies were either locally-sourced or organic; and the beef used here are all-natural (no hormones and not GMO).  The sweet potato fries were perfect!!  And the sauce!!  Very tasty- sour-sweet from the apricots, and very spicy!!  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA&select=x6pvF_xqhv5mseBAvyEV6g  I also tried the Mac 'n cheese, w/ ham (extra fee).  Very, very cheesy, and very, very good!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=R2QAn4cH5v9Is0CtRpTvew
Decided to skip on the apps, but what do we have here?  Complimentary homemade parmesan potato chips!  Next time, I'll have to check out one of the "adult" milkshakes and remember to make room for dessert!  :))

Can't report on the noise level, since it was pretty sleepy indoors when I stopped in at 345p.  The place looks like it picks up a bit later at night, though... The servers were a bit too cool for my tastes-- warm up the room w/ a few smiles and courtesy, please!
Tried Indulge this past weekend where the atmosphere was pretty chill with a little house music in the background. We ordered two vesuvius volcanic burgers, sweet fries (which were awesome), a side of apricot chipotle sauce, a peanut butter shake and a cookie dough shake. The service was polite and prompt, but the tab was pricy at $45 bucks. To be honest I could have got a better tasting burger at 5 guys.

 The vesuvius volcanic burger was disappointing with dry bland meat and no cheese taste. When I cut into it the cheese disappeared so all I could taste were the onions and lettuce. A little seasoning goes a long way in meats. Now the sweet potato fries was the star. Sweet with a little crunch and the marshmallow sauce took it over the top. The shake was good but nothing special. Overall the restaurant itself was nice, but probably will not return.
Great burgers with brioche buns, great onion strings.  You can also forego the bun and do a burger on a salad.  Clean decor and good servers.  Not the cheapest burger, but certainly a good one.
Great burgers, great service, and on top of that, I ordered it rare and I got it rare. Wonderful thing when you're dinner shows up as you ordered it.
Cute lil burger joint! Great burgers and cheese fries, staff was awesome nonetheless, I will be returning!
We've been here a couple times using coupons (Groupon, LocalDines, etc.)  They prepare burgers that are beautiful works of art and also very tasty.  Here you really can have it your way - even a slice of HAM on your HAMburger if you want it (nope, not for me).  They also have vegetarian option, turkey burgers and chicken too.  Service is generally very good, seems like they have lots of help here.  

I noticed they also serve breakfast on Sat & Sun, including build-it omelets.   Would like to come back and try eggs!

Lots of competition in the burger arena.  Indulge really is an indulgence if you are paying full price.  At around $10/burger (no sides), it's quite an investment.  Find a coupon and go try for yourself.
Although we love this place, the fact they have raised their prices a lot will detour us from going as often. Also, they used to greet your table with a small plate of free home-made chips, now they charge for them. 

I am just not sure if any burger is worth $10-$15.
I love this place!  The only reason they aren't getting 5 stars is the prices are just a little too steep.   My favorite burger medley:  turkey burger with buffalo sauce, blue cheese, a little avocado... mmmmmm!  (i may be salivating a little as I write this!!).  And the sweet potato fries are delish. 

If you want to make this a little more affordable, go for happy hour!  $2 or 3 domestic bottles, not too shabby!  Not exactly the usual happy hour hang out, but it works for me.  

Wish there were more of these around the valley - this one is just a little too far away from the Cen Pho, but if you do venture out - be sure to check this place out!
I enjoy this place so much! 

I have been a frequent customer and am rarely disappointed. I recently met a friend here whom had never been before. Tues/Wed, turns out to be "Ladies night" and our food and drink were half off! I venutred away from my usual burger or chicken sandwich and split the Turkey Burger with my friend.....what a treat!!!  It was yummy, and I will forever order this Turkey Burger. This was surprising to me who typically doesn't not order Turkey Burgers. 

Previous reviews point out the pricing of the food being rather steep. I agree, however, between their happy hour, daily specials, and coupons (groupon, local dines), you are bound to save a few bucks. 

Lastly, I'd like to mention the atmosphere as being quaint, clean, and casual. My friend commented several times about how much she "liked this place" and couldn't wait to bring her husband there to experience Indulge Burger! 

Indulge is worth a shot!
ORIGINAL REVIEW(SEE BELOW FOR REVISIT):
Disappointed, extremely. Terrible food and terrible service. Nice looking, but definitely not returning. We got there a little before happy hour, were seated quickly and asked the server what the specials were. She showed us the board above the bar that said Landshark. We decided to order a 24 ouncer to share until happy hour. She came back and said they were out so we ordered a Shock Top instead. We both ordered Kobe style burgers and mine order came out wrong, not kobe. They sent it back, got the right order back pretty quickly, except missing my roasted peppers (which were not roasted, but tiny pieces in a dressing cup) and french fries.  Both of our burgers were very dry and flavorless, not what you'd expect from a place that specializes in burgers. We actually put quite a bit a salt to try and get some flavor out of it.  We told the server we would have two more Shock Tops IF we could get them at the happy hour special price (since they didn't have the main beer they promote available). She said okay, she was sure she could do that. We got the bill and she did not give us the special on the beers we asked for.  She said she could get the manager but he wouldn't do anything, so we said forget it, paid the bill and left, won't be back. Honestly, if the burgers were as amazing as we expected them to be, we wouldn't have made a bit of a stink about the beers.  Good luck staying in business when you have very poor service AND very poor food.

REVIEW AFTER SECOND VISIT:
I was contacted by the owner, Lee, who had seen my review (above) to give it a second shot.  His business is his passion and wants to make sure everyone who visits has a great meal as well as great service every time. We decided to give it another shot and it was a complete turn around.  The service was impeccable and the burgers were better. Laura was there to take care of all our needs.  Whatever we requested, i.e., make the fries that come with the kobe style burger, cheddar cheese chili style was done.  We did have to add a little salt and pepper, but they were much juicer this time.  The green chili on the burger is delicious!  I would say because the food was better and everyone involved truly cared that we were dissatisfied, we will be making return visits in the future.  Thank you Lee, Laura and Kyle (very nice bartender) for treating us as, well, pretty much like royalty.  We look forward to returning and sharing this experience with our friends.
WOW! i LOVE burgers and picked up a Groupon for this place about 5 months ago and finally got around to using it tonight (since it expires next week).  The Hostess and Waiter was really nice and friendly, explaining all of the specials, the happy hour, and the YAPPY hour where you can bring your dog with you to eat on the patio. They also had a very large bar and selection of alchohol but i didn't get anything.

I skipped the prebuilt burgers and built my own 2/3 lbs (after cooking).  The add-on choices were great, and the spicy sour cream was amazing!

The Sweet Potato fries were also amazing and came with dipping sauce that tasted like melted marshmallows.  We also got a side of the cheesy cheddar fries and loved them.

Overall, this place is great, high quality foods and toppings and a great staff.  the prices seemed a little high when ordering but after we ate i didn't feel that way and plan on going back again soon!
I and my Wife, dined here this evening.
     I felt, the pricing is a bit over the top.
     The burgers were somewhat-OK ....... not the fantastic ...... I was expecting.     
     
For the price ....... I would of expected the burgers ..... to be hand formed.
The burgers were not dry ....... just not juicy.                

The tables that seat two individuals, are TO SMALL ........ barely room for the plates.

OUR server ......was a Young person ...  who spent her time in the backroom.
                           So our srevice was  Mediocre.

                  Overall I was disappointed with our experience.

My Ethics .... My Standards:
Every business starts with one star ...... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
Today I made my first visit to Indulge... The atmosphere is casual and comfortable, and the takeout process was easy. I was craving a great burger, and this almost hit the spot. The brioche bun was soft and the Kobe beef was tender, also the toppings were fresh. My complaint is that the burger was really under-seasoned. I don't need my food to be too salty, but this was lacking any seasoning that I could detect. I think a pinch of salt is all it would have needed to score an extra star. The chocolate malt was tasty, the fries were pretty standard. Overall not bad, but not even close to Zinburger.
menu set up was great!!! lots of options!! my burger ( Vesuvius volcano) was a little undercooked but they fixed it and comped second round of drinks!
We came on a Friday night, and it was pretty busy.  We were hungry and had set our stay-or-go window at 20 minutes, so when the hostess said 25-30 I talked my lovely (but hungry) wife into waiting just a little longer, and we waited.  And waited.  And waited, along with other people who were there before us and seemed much grumpier than we were.  I briefly considered challenging my wife with the dare from the Seinfeld Chinese Restaurant episode - go over and grab something off of someone's plate, come back and eat it without saying anything - but was too afraid that she'd call my bluff and we'd get kicked out.  

We didn't get seated until 50 minutes later (at a table right next to the soda fountain) and barely managed to resist gnawing on the tablecloth.  Compounding the problem is that the policy is no-submitting-orders-until-you're-seated (unlike our favorite pizza place named after an Italian herb), so we waited another 17 minutes before we got some food.

The food was good - delicious burgers, loved the customization and the sauces, and the sweet potato fries were some of the best I've ever had.  But with the high price tag and the killer wait, I really doubt we'll be back.

One note in the defense of the hostess and manager - I could tell (from their quiet conversation about 40 minutes in) that they realized people had been waiting much longer than they bargained for.  But if that's so, then at least apologize for the wait, or comp a french fry order, or something.  A little "sorry" goes a long way towards letting your customers know that you recognize they're uncomfortable, and you'll do it differently next time.
It's so odd that I left a place feeling fairly conflicted about whether or not I actually liked it.  There's so much that's good about Indulge Burgers & More, but there was so much that I disliked, as well.  In the mood for a burger, and seeing a $30 for $15 gift certificate on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485), my girlfriend and I decided to give Indulge a try.

We started by trying the garlic and parmesan chips.  We both really enjoyed this appetizer.  Fresh cut potato chips fried, and covered with melted cheese and garlic.  The only thing I didn't care for was that it comes with ranch dressing as a dipping sauce (not stated on the menu).  There's a long list of condiments I would rather dip these in other than ranch.  For burgers, we both ordered the Kobe Beef burgers (costs about $14 if you order the 1/2 pound version (comes with fries, unlike regular beef).  The burgers are cooked well, look good, the toppings we put on ours were fine, and it certainly didn't taste bad.  But, I still didn't truly love what I was eating.  The problem; once I took a bite, the whole thing fell apart.  I can't overstate the struggle it was to keep all the toppings, beef and bun together whenever I bit into the burger.  My girlfriend also expressed that she was having the same trouble.  Also, while the Kobe beef was good, other gourmet burger places have cheaper options which are superior.  If I go back, I will probably order the regular beef burger, and split some fries with the table.

The restaurant is small, and was pretty crowded for a Wednesday night.  The wait was not very long, but there were always a few parties waiting for a table at any given time during the evening.  It has a nice modern set up, with a small bar area off to the side.  There's a good tap selection, and happy hour prices are decent.  The service was pretty good, although it was pretty odd that the chips were ready almost instantly, but the burgers took a while to come out.

Indulge is at least worth a try, especially if you get the Local Dine.
When I see a burger on the menu with bleu cheese, I pretty much cream myself. (That's a GREAT detail if you want to take me out on a date, boys.)
The service was spot-on and we never had to ask for a drink refill. 
The size of the burger was enormous and I didn't get to finish the whole thing. I LOVE that they serve the fries in a cone-shaped dish. Keeps the grease at the bottom.
There are a LOT of combos you can make a burger with. Ordering is like Chino Bandido, where you can decide which toppings, what kind of bread for the bun, etc.
I've only been to this location, but the owner was there and super attentive to us, so I would frequent any location of theirs.
There was a table near us of people that kept making faces about our conversation. It wasn't even inappropriate but they were so mean looking that I almost got up to shove a fry up their noses. 
My only complaint was the temperature of the restaurant. It was really cold in there. It was about a month or so ago, so it could have been that in-between part of Phoenix weather when you aren't sure if you should have the A/C on or the heat. 
I'll definitely be back, because I love me some big meat!
Ate here from a Groupon!   This place lets you build whatever you want on a burger practically.  The order sheet is huge.  It's a great concept as long as you can be decisive haha.

I had a Bacon Cheeseburger with BBQ sauce on the amazing brioche bun and it was great.  The french fries we ordered were half sweet potato/half regular and they were awesome.

Speaking of which....they have a dipping sauce with the sweet potato fries that is made out of marshmallow and together it's like candied yams on Thanksgiving.

All in all this is a pretty good burger joint :)
The ability to build my own burger made me one happy girl as I tend to be very picky.  i was on a mission over the weekend to satisfy my unusual craving for a burger and decided to peep out Indulge. atmosphere is nice and laid back bar/restaurant environment. You get a menu that you mark up yourself and choose everything you want and they take your order off of that. They have appetizers and other signature menu items and the whole back side of the menu is left to create your own supreme yummy goodness. Everything from Kobe beef to feta cheese to avocados and fried eggs and about 20 million (ok not that many) sauces you can choose from to dip your deliciousness into. I could only eat about half so yes, portions are very generous. There beer selection is alright not as many craft selections like i would like to choose from but all right considering the restaurant. All in all i conquered my craving so Indulge is A-ok in my book
Spent like $30.00 for a couple burgers and left very hungry..all that money and the burgers didn't even come with fries, also..servers were young and never around much..I had to get up twice myself and pour myself more water..they better do better than this charging these kind of prices in this economy.
Loved the build your own menu. Burgers are HUGE, 1/2 pound was the smallest option and was more than enough. Well priced menu, very reasonable. Also want to call out the sweet potato fries and the AMAZING marshmallow/cinnamon dipping sauce. Unreal!
Amazing food and good service!! Best pickles and fries ever!! :)
***This rating is for a Monday night happy hr.***

My buddy recommended we go here after he found it on Yelp and had already been once. So we did. Here is my breakdown for the experience:

-Service was awesome! All employees were friendly and courteous, and didn't miss a beat w/ checking on us
-Great environment (clean, smaller place w/ a good size bar area and outdoor area)
-We ordered wings and $1.50 sliders: wings were decent (I've had better and worse), and the sliders were great...large and tasty, and not too greasy.
-Our BEERS were great (Sleeping Dog?...my buddy said it was a beer from a small local brewery)

It was actually pretty busy for a Monday night. I would definitely make another visit when in the area!
Amazing server! Amazing food! Amazing atmosphere!
Casual and fun.  Most importantly the burgers are outstanding.  You get to order your burger exactly as you want it.  The veggie burger is probably one of the best i have ever eaten.  When you go, try the sweet potatoe fries.  They are served with melted marshmallow and cinnamon dip.  YUM!
I indulged big time at Indulge Burgers & More during Fat Tuesday yesterday.  There are a tremendous variety, including many healthy options such as a turkey or veggie burger.  The best part I like is that you can build your own burger with all sorts of yummy toppings.  I had the turkey burger, and the turkey was one of the best I have ever tasted.  Sometimes you can taste like of the darker meats and fatty parts, but I felt like this burger was very clean and lean.  I would highly recommend the sweet potatoe fries that you can order.  You can deep those fries in what tastes like a warm marshamallow dip.   The price is not too bad either for what I call a luxury burger.
AWESOME! This place is now my number 1 burger place to go to in Arizona.  
I used a groupon here and thought it was going to be just another burger place, but
it wasn't. The hamburgers must be made with premium beef because you can 
definitely taste the difference.  The onion strings are delicious. 
I would say it is about $15 - $20 bucks per person,  but well worth it.
I work in this area and frequently run to the nearby Fresh and Easy for lunch, and finally I gave in today and gave it a try. I could no longer resist the delicious smell of grilling that wafted out of the building.

I ordered the Indulge cheddar burger, medium, and an order of the deep fried pickles, to go (as the restaurant was packed when I went in).

The burger was good quality and had a nice char flavor to it. The beef itself was tasty, and it was a perfect medium. The toppings were a bit lackluster; the cheddar cheese was good, but I would use a more sharp cheddar for something called a "cheddar burger". The red onion was good and crisp, but the tomato was a bit green, and the iceberg lettuce on it was fairly wilted and slimy. The bun for the burger was very good - butter-toasted it tasted like, and soft on the inside with a good crusty exterior.

On the whole, I probably would give this place 3.5 stars if I'd just ordered the burger. I can't say that it was a "die-for" burger - overall for the price I would probably pick Five Guys over this any day, unless I was just really craving that charred flavor you can only get from a burger cooked on open flame.

The real disappointment in my book were the deep fried pickles. There are so few restaurants in town that serve them that I was happy to see that Indulge had them on the menu.They were listed as dill pickles, but they almost had an overtone of bread-and-butter - and while I know some people love them, to me B&B pickles taste like dirty socks. So to bite into what I expected to be a delicious, tart dill and instead wind up with a mouthful of smelly feet wasn't pleasant. I also thought the breading on the pickles was too thick, and almost overcooked (to the point of having a near-bitter burned taste).

The service - take-out only, obviously - was polite and made a point to stop by while I waited out front (the waiting room was standing-room only) to let me know when my order was about up.

Overall I will probably give this place another shot sometime when I can dine in, and can splurge on trying the Kobe upgrade option for the burger. Otherwise, it was good food but probably not worth the $10 per sandwich on a regular basis.
I am definitely a fan of this type of burger place, where I get to make my own Frankenstein's Monster of a burger.  It's real similar to Counter Burger, if you've ever been there, or even Which Wich on the sandwich side.  You pick a blank canvas of meat, be it beef, chicken, kobe, veggie, or even bison.  Then you get to load it up with whatever crap you can think of.

I went beef with avocado, green chili, sauteed mushrooms and onions, pickles, and pepperoncini, with the spicy sour cream sauce on a wheat bun.  It was fantastic, if messy.  But they have really nice napkins here, so I was able to make it out of here without any terrible mishaps.

Tanya had a veggie burger "salad style" and we'll call it a learning experience.  The patty itself was seriously one of the best veggie patties we've ever had.  It almost tasted like refried beans.  It was way good.  But "salad style" has it served on a bed of iceberg lettuce only, which was disappointing.  If you want to have it this way, you can make it good, but use your toppings for lots of veggies.  She would have added baby greens to mix it up and other veggies for more of a salad.  

We also had a mix of sweet potato fries and onion strings, both of which were perfect.  Crispy and served with a marshmallow sauce and ranch, respectively.  

Aside from a few missteps (the salad debacle, and our waiter being fairly inattentive), you can make one heck of a delicious burger here for a totally reasonable price.
Let me start by saying I am a burger FIEND. It's probably my favorite food, of all time.

I placed an order to pick up. The guy on the phone sounded nice, and when I got there, he came right to the counter and greeted me. He was speedy in taking my money too. The time to pick up was great, 15 minutes, just enough time for me to get there. I got there, and the place was packed. This + the reviews made me think I made the right choice.

Onto the food, I ordered the Original Cheddar Burger, with bacon. My boyfriend got the same thing, only supposedly Gluten-Free and without the bacon. I got the 1/2 & 1/2 with regular fries and onion strings. The onion strings were good, but how can you mess those up?

The burgers: For starters, I ordered both of them MEDIUM, but they were very visibly WELL DONE. Not to mention DRY! My boyfriend didn't even finish his (and he is far from picky) and felt the same as when he eats a glutenous burger. I would compare the burger itself to something similar to Whataburger/Carl's Jr/Rally's. Better than McDonald's, but not a real burger. Too bad, I've been on a hunt to find Scottsdale's Best Cheeseburger.
I have only eaten at Indulge Burger about five or six time in the first three months of 2012.  Once I was introduced, I became an instant, raving fan.  

This is the best burger in Phoenix!!  This is one of the better ones ever.  I like Indulge because the burgers are cooked perfect to taste, the meat is very tasty and, most importantly, there are so many different ways to design your burger that you can never run out of creative ways to make one.  From the buns, the cheese, the toppings, the special toppings, and the sauces -- the variety, options, and flavors are amazing.  

Add an appetizer of fried pickles to your burger and fries order and you are in Indulge Burger heaven. Enjoy!!
I was really excited to finally try Indulge Burgers after having purchased a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  I live quite far away, so we happen to be near the restaurant, we jumped at the opportunity.  
It's a nice enough place.  I didn't expect it to have a full bar, which is always a plus.  I ordered the carmel apple martini.  Does that sound good to you guys?  Well, it's not!  At $8 for a drink at a burger joint, it could at the very least have been cold.  The different flavors clashed.  I would never order that again.
You have the option to order already a signature burger or build your own.  My husband tried the burger with peanut butter in the cheese.  PEANUT BUTTER!  I didn't care for it.  He didn't think it was too bad, but wouldn't come back for it.  I did the build your own burger as did my daughter.  We shared an order of chili cheese fries which were really really good!  My son had the slider's kid meal.  I'm not in love with the place.  Thankfully I had the $25 gift cert, but even with $25 off it still cost us about $50.  That's way too much for a burger joint and a Meh experience.
Another stop on our Spring Training tour in Scottsdale. Adam J. and I are always on a search for things off the beaten path, especially away from the tourists. And Indulge was great. I ordered a black bean burger on a salad, since I didn't really feel like a bun. The burger - A.maz.ing. I eat a LOT of veggie burgers when we eat out - I'm always looking for those items that are new and different, and I'm always happy when I don't just get a Boca burger. This burger was fantastic - and it's not just for vegetarians (which I am not - I love me some meat). My only real disappointment was that the salad greens were just iceberg lettuce. I know they have mixed greens - I saw them on someone else's plate. And maybe I just didn't order correctly, but I would have much preferred mixed greens to a bowl of iceberg. Bleh. 

Overall, I'd eat here again. I love a place that lets you mix your fry baskets (fries, sweet tater fries, or onion rings), and where I can build my own burger. If we're back in Scottsdale again next year, I'm sure Mr. Adam will want to make a stop at Indulge.
03/14/12

I had a couple of groupons to use up, so on this visit I decided to try Indulge's chili-and-cheese fries, their chili (to go), and their adult coffee milkshake.  The fries came out fast, and even though they were very greasy (as to be expected), the few crispy bites I had were sufficient while I waited for my to-go burgers to arrive.  (I ended up throwing out 4/5 of the fries entree.)  Some of the burgers I'd ordered were missing some toppings (cheese and other toppings I chose by checking those boxes on the order forms the server hands you to fill out), and of the four burgers I asked to be cooked medium, three were actually either medium-well or well-done.  (The only one cooked to medium was the burger I had tried at the restaurant.)  The best part of my experience here today was the coffee milkshake!  It was made with vanilla ice cream, Adult chocolate milk (you may buy a bottle at Bev Mo or Total Wine, I'm told), coffee, and Kahlua, and it's only $8.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=PGuZSDEwBBFrORLlSgEz7g

I say skip the burgers and apps here and just go for a milkshake!

I had the feeling that Indulge (and the staff) do not appreciate their guests that use groupons.  My server was initially helpful with my questions, but when it finally dawned on her that I was using a groupon, the initial warm service turned definitely chilly.  And why not?  She was guaranteed to make around 18-20% tip (around $20 for a pre-tax food value of around $109)!  

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=9RBD09ksq3s1RfxZVIRvnQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=uKfvo5vvQcd6JzoJPeLpNQ

03/16/12

I had one more groupon to use, so I met a friend here for dinner, and somewhat reluctantly at that, since I knew the service wasn't going be anything special.  (And I was right!  Even my friend made an observation, "I don't think our server likes me very much."  I told him later it's bec. she knew she was going to make an easy $20...)

The deal came with a couple of apps, four burgers, and a bottle of wine, so we placed our order for the burgers, and I chose sweet potato fries (to go), as well as the Mac 'n cheese app, but not before I asked our server (the same one I had two days ago) if I could order the side of mac 'n cheese as an app (it fell within the price specification for the apps included in the groupon deal).  Our server said yes.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=ygY8t5CvOJsB_aHFQUyvrg  Turned out, the dish wasn't included in the deal, so I still had to choose another app to take home (the parmesan chips that used to be complimentary, and that which I had mentioned in my first Indulge review).

The burgers we had at the restaurant were good, even though mine came out medium-well, instead of medium.  The other two burgers I took to-go were medium-well (I specified medium), but at least these weren't missing any toppings this time.  (Funny how I was reduced to counting my lucky stars on having *some* of the order specifications heeded when ALL should've been guaranteed as per the order sheet filled out...)

I won't be returning to Indulge anymore, as I did not appreciate the less-than-above-average guest service and sub-par food given on these two visits.  I don't know why some businesses that participate in these groupon events end up offering less-than-stellar service and products when I know they can do so much better.  The goal is to bring in and develop a larger fan/customer base, so this is when you should shine!  I used to understand why businesses added the gratuity (to keep the servers from being under-tipped), but I usually tip 20% (and even much more if the service was over-and-above what I expected), but to see my hard-earned money greedily taken while my guest and I end up with sub-par service AND products, it makes me sick to further recommend this establishment to others.

From four stars to one... I have aunts and a cousin who enjoyed their food here a long time ago, but I won't be taking them, nor anyone else, here again!!
Food tasted average to me.  Nothing very exciting Ive had better burgers for a third of the cost.   Yea its cool to see the huge burgers stacked with all the goodies and yes its fun to build your own burger and yes I did like the fact that they had Buffalo and Kobe Beef options but when they handed me my bill I wanted to mash what was left of my burger in their face.  Come On its a hamburger and we didn't even do the expensive upgrades and our lunch tab was $36.00 not including the tip.  I wanted to slither out the door without paying a tip because our waitress sucked and left us waiting for 20 minutes both when we ordered and when it was time to pay.  I didn't instead I begrudgingly left my normal 20% so lets tally that up.  Thats right $43.00 for two at lunch.  No steak, no shrimp, no lobster just a burger.  Skip this place and head to In and Out Burger for real flavor at a price that makes you smile.  Should be 2 stars damn Im pissed.
Our absolute favorite restaurant. After being in the hospital for 3 weeks it was the first place I wanted to go.  Our biggest problem was trying to decide what to have.  It is one of the very few places where our order has always been perfect and it is so nice to be able to get a rare burger.  The staff is courteous, friendly and helpful.  Well done everyone.  Can't wait to come back and next time have the hot fudge sundae.  The home made hot fudge is outstanding!
M & A
The Vesuvius burger was really good here. Pro-tip the cheese on the inside of the burger is as molten as it says on the menu be careful.
My husband decided to order one of their Vesuvius Burgers and I choose the make your own route. 
You could add a Vesuvius patty to the make your own and when he saw and tasted my burger he was disappointed he didn't do the same thing. Next time we will both make our own. 
Their in house burger sauce is good too. 

Pros:
Really GOOD burgers
Great Service

Cons:
Probably not somewhere I would take the ENTIRE family. I happened to only have my 2 year old that day and surprisingly he was well behaved.
I have been frequenting Indulge Burger for over a year.  I eat there about once a week and usually meet a friend there.  The food is AWESOME!  Unless I get some kind of entree salad I usually cannot finish and bring the rest home.  St. Bernards love leftovers!

The service is great.  When I sit at the bar I usually encounter Justin and sometimes Keegan.  They run the place as if it is their own venture.  When I have sat at a table I have had the pleasure of Kali serving me most of them time.  She is really awesome but so is everyone else.

The owner, Lee usually makes the rounds to see if everyone is doing well.  Obviously he cares which is more than I can say for most chain style places.
andy
I had lunch there recently and was very impressed with the food,  friendly service and excellent value.  I had a lunch special -- two cheeseburger sliders with sweet potato fries.  They serve the burgers with several pieces of fresh crisp lettuce, tomato and onion.  We will definitely go there again.
When this please first opened it was good, but they have gone downhill since the beginning.  Plus there are way more better burgers places than indulge.  This place the prices are too high for the food you get and the burgers are nothing to write home about, very boring.  Yes they have buffalo but so does most other places.  Yes they have a gluten free menu but so does many other places.  The turkey burger and the buffalo burgers we tried were boring and dry.  Plus the sweet potatoe fries tasted like them came out of a bag rather than being made from scratch.  We will not be returning, they are no longer a good value and the food is not longer great but boring.
I ordered a custom burger and the choices are borderline overwhelming.  I can't go wrong.
It was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try it again.
This place offers GROUPON NOW deals fairly often. Came with a couple of girlfriends and ordered the lunch special.  Burger, fries & drink for $9.95! You can even change the fries to sweet potato fries which was a nice surprise!

I'm personally used to SP fries that are more seasoned,  however, I was informed that it comes unseasoned with an special marshmellow sauce.  I will definitely have to go back and try the fries again. 

 I ordered a cheddar burger and asked for medium-well but the beef was slightly more cooked than I would have preferred. BUT, The size of the burger was impressive and definitely filled my belly.

Service was great even on a busy lunch afternoon. You can order directly at the front and take it TO-GO or sit at a table. 

They appeal about this place is you can customize your own burger but you have to pay extra for any special extra toppings like avocado or an egg.
I work in the food industry and have no issue to pay 10 dollars for a great burger, while sitting at the bar the gentlemen next to me was not happy about the price, it happens. I ordered to go and when I got home and my wife and I ate our burger I saw why the gentleman at the bar was not happy. 
Guys have you ever seen salt and pepper helps bring out flavor when you order a med burger and pay 10 dollars for it make sure it is med not well done. If I wanted a well done burger I would go to the golden arches as their well done is better than yours and they suck.
When your main item is burgers you have to get it correct or you will not be around long and if they continue to serve the dry tasteless burgers that I received I don't see you been around 

Would never go back yuk yuk yuk
Came back here with my husband for another visit. This time for dinner. I had a living social coupon that I wanted to use.

It was busy on a Friday night but managed to get a table within 5 minutes. Noticed on the menu they offer ''adult milk shakes''. They also give  you the extra that comes in a metal cup like the way diners do.

I ordered the Volcano burger which is a cheese-lovers delight! It was piping hot and my server was nice enough to remind me that it's gonna be hot. The brioche bun was soft, fluffy with a nice shiny top coat. 

Once again ordered a side of sweet potato fries and enjoyed the special marshmellow sauce. It got a little too sweet after awhile, so i started dipping into ketchup. 

My hubs ordered a medium Kobe Beef Burger which was a nice size for him. Although he gave a thumbs down for the additional $4 charge for the KOBE.

They have a completely separate GLUTEN FREE menu to order food from, including gluten free desserts!

Loved my smiley/happy server.
Indulge Burgers got a few things right and a few things wrong, but overall, I was very pleased with my experience. We had a Living Social deal, and got the sweet potato and regular fries combo, as well as a side salad to start. The fries were good, but nothing special. The salad made me want to cry. I know you don't go to a burger joint to get a salad, but couldn't you at least try to make it a decent salad? It was all white lettuce and a few sprigs of sliced carrots. My husband wanted me to give the place 3 stars for the lettuce alone. But, the burgers themselves were good, and the Build-Your-Own was a really good deal. There is good variety on the toppings, cheese, sauces and buns to choose from. My turkey patty was huge - it was overflowing out of the English muffin. 

Some plusses: the service was really, really excellent. One of the best servers I've ever had. Also, while we were waiting for our table, the owner/manager came around and offered everyone samples of margarita. Since I'm pregnant and couldn't try the sample, he said I got a free milkshake. After we were seated and he was walking around, he made sure our server knew that he had offered a free milkshake and made good on the promise! That was so cool. I left totally stuffed and very satisfied.
Mmm, who knew burgers can be made with crow?  Last time here, our experience was scuttled by a longer-than-quoted-wait and an indifferent hostess.  This time around, the wait was fine, and the (new) hostess was doing it all to make sure she kept the line moving - even busing tables.  And that left us free to concentrate on the food, and realize what we had missed last time in our grumpiness.

The sweet potato fry sauce is the best I've ever had.  The burgers are very, very tasty.  And the service is very good.  The owner saw that we were unhappy last time and went out of his way to take care of that.  I respect that, and good customer service means a lot to me.  We'll be back.
First I will tell the good , most important, the burgers were awesome! Lots of choices. The bad, the staff, sorry. They were not awful but seemed so scattered. We didn't see our server much but saw a lot of other staff. 3 different people brought out our food. Also we had the living social deal that was 2 burgers 2 sides and 2 drinks. My friend never got his side and was too polite to say something so we all shared. Also people around us were complaining they didn't get their order right. We would go back but only if in the area, (we live in Gilbert) if we would have payed full price we would have made sure everyone got all their food. Would be 5 stars if they work out the staff stuff.
Great place! Healthier alternative for those of us who care what we eat. Sweet potato fries are delicious without added salt. Wait staff very attentive!
Last Thursday I met my girlfriend here for a drink and a late lunch.  We were having such a good time we ended up staying there for SIX HOURS!  It was the people working there that made it fun.  You can tell they like being there.  We sat with Lee, the owner, for a while at the bar.  He really knows what he is doing here.

I guess that is why I keep going back.
andy gervase
We had our second burger there on Saturday night. Both times my burger was cook right to temperature and was delicious. My wife enjoyed the bar, and the service was great. I recommend showing up during non rush hours becuase it was packedthe first time we went and we had to wait for a table. They have lots of happy hour specials and gropons to get the cost down. The prices are a little high, but this is typical for the gourmet burger places like Lush and Blue Burger.
Really good burgers with a great staff and top notch service too.  The build-your-own burger is a must with so many options. You should check-out the Happy Hour (3:30-6:30) also. Been here twice now and despite the 20 minute drive, we will be back!
After trying this place 2 times I can finally do a review....  

I tried the Peanut butter burger the first time, Sonora burger, which to me is a knife and fork burger... It was ok, not what I was expecting.  I was hoping to be wowed by it since it got an award.  I am a fan of peanut butter also, but it did not have a flavor I would care for to have again?

The second time I had the volcano burger, something like that...It is an Indulge only item...Might as well have something no one else makes.  It has American, liquid cheese in the meat and it was advised I cut it before I bite into it or you will have burning liquid cheese all over you.  This burger only comes medium well with the cheese goo inside.  Ended up being a knife and fork burger unless you like hot liquid cheese all over your hands.  

I do like the buns, fresh and soft bread, I used the bread to soak up the liquid cheese goo from the burger.

Also shared some chili cheese fries and nothing fancy, normal chili cheese, on the larger side, we shared it with four people.  

Unfortunately none of the food items really are a must have and that I must get into my car and drive an hour to have an Indulge burger.....I wish this was the case, I will take a road trip for a food craving.....

So that is my review of the food, overall I could get the same food at Red Robin or Five guys by my house, 5 minute drive versus an hour.

So why the 4 stars?  If I lived closer I would stop for lunch, if I was craving a burger since the staff at the Scottsdale location seemed very pleasant and the Owner was there.  He cares about his company and his customers, if Lee ever opens up an Indulge burger in Surprise I will be there to support local business men like him.  He seems to genuinely care about customer satisfaction.
Indulge Burgers is a fairly successful implementation of the "design your own burger" genre, of which Slater's 50/50 in the Los Angeles area is the prototype.  At Indulge Burgers, you fill in a form indicating what type of meat you want on your burger, what type of bread, cheeses, condiments, etc.  The smallest burger is 1/2 pound and costs $9.99, unless you choose to up the price by adding bacon or one of the other "premium" toppings.  There are the usual sides -- the onion strings are the best -- and a few specials such as a patty melt, briscut sliders, and pulled pork.

On the plus side, service is good, the food is well prepared, and the ingredients are of good quality.

On the negative side, the bread choices are all mediocre and get soggy (whatever happened to a grilled or toasted bun, for example?), the fries and sweet potato fries were none too fresh, and the atmosphere is non-existent.

Still, in the end, the food is good enough so that if you crave a burger better than what you can get at a fast food place, this is probably your best choice in Scottsdale.
We made our first visit a couple of weeks ago and rated the food above average. The choices of toppings are extensive, the quality of beef is good and ours was well-cooked. 
They also have some interesting milkshakes to choose from, and the fries basket was very generous. 
The place is small but we didn't have to wait long to be seated when we arrived at 6:30 on a Friday night.
It was a few months ago that we visited Indulge, I must say I wasn't as impressed as I was hoping to after reading waves and seeing shows on TV, everything was just an average. 

No reservations, so you either come early or prepare to wait during the peak time. Our wait time was about 20mins on a Saturday night, wasn't too bad. Service was decent. The only thing I had remembered to be so good was the sweet potato fries, and with the sweet caramel sauce! It was my first try of sweet potato fries with such a sweet sauce, but it was delicious!! The chili was alright, wasn't so warm when it came out, and the burger was a-ok. I'd prefer Delux for a better experience and food.

It seems there are many groupon deals for Indulge, if you are in the area and are in the mood for a burger, with the groupon deal, why not come in and check it out?
I frequent Indulge and have always been happy.  I never realized what the "& more" part of their name meant until last week.  As often as I go there I did not know they had a catering menu.  I had a small family gathering at my home.  I usually cook or someone brings pizza.  This time we ordered from Indulge.  We did the sliders, wings, salad and appetizers.  Even the leftovers are great.  If I lived closer I would probably eat there every night.
I think you all know that we love this restaurant, however what you don't know is that they do an awesome job catering food for parties. My husband's company had an outing for all our customers and what a great eating fest was had by all who attended. 4 boxes of burgers and 4 dozen sliders disappeared in no time, not to mention the appetizers that people couldn't get enough of. Everyone was asking who did the food. And dessert was a huge hit. What can I say except Indulge Burgers will be catering all our functions from now on, for personal and business.
This is a typical build your burger restaurant. Service was good, the food was okay, and the prices were expensive. I wouldn't necessarily go here unless I had a Yelp Deal. 

I highly recommend the brioche bun, the wheat buns are really dry. 
The pastrami sliders were also legit as were the fried dill pickle chips.

If you like spending $15 or more on burgers this is the place for you.
An excellent burger joint with a lot of other offerings.

I love a great burger.  Unfortunately most places overcook them and nobody else offers all the options that this place does.  The menu is unique in that you build your burger with dozens of options from the plate up.  I was going to say from the bun up, but you can even get it as a salad or lettuce wrap if you prefer no bun.

The options range from the typical cheddar and bacon, through interesting things like cranberries, various sweet and tangy sauces, and excellent alternative cheese options.  The garlic aioli combined with the horseradish mayo is awesome.

Sides go from the usual fries to some excellent house garlic-parmesan chips and sweet potato fries.  There is a full bar and a decent selection of non-generic beers available.

The owner is usually milling about talking to customers and helping the staff work.
First of all, can Yelp afford to give 1/2 stars?  The better question is, why CAN'T Yelp(!) afford 1/2 stars?  I might have given the extra 1/2 star, but for no reason at all, Yelp won't allow me that option.  I cannot believe that.  Of course Yelp must think this page is perfect and cannot be interrupted.  I disagree.

I finally made it to Indulge and let me just say, I indulged.  Whoa.  The visuvio burger was great.  Moist, a damned good burger.  {Note to self: a few criticisms: 
1)wheat bun wasn't good.  It's tough and not tasty.  Ok, next time I'll try another kind of bun but the wheat bun wasn't "my bad choice", it was just bad.
2) if I order mushrooms on the burger, who said I wanted mushrooms on the side?  Mustard, ketchup, mayo...same thing.  Ordered it, wanted it, PUT IN ON THE DAMNED BURGER!!!   I want it ON THE BURGER!   But that's just me.  I could be wrong.}

What DID impress me the most here wasn't even the burger I was eating.  It was what the guy next to me was eating.  Seriously.  Here I was, eating a really immense burger, juicy, delicious but what kept catching my eye was the Salmon Salad the guy was eating next to me.  And it didn't help that he was savoring EVERY SINGLE BITE..

And a joint that's friendly, clean (very), can do a fabulous gigumbo burger...AND a delicious looking Salmon Salad, that's a good joint.

I say thumbs up~!!!!
Going back tonight for more yummie goodness.
I have gone back several times now. The beer is cold, the staff is friendly and it is one of the few burgers my grandson will eat. Good place. I think I must have originally hit them when they were new and working out the kinks.
The place is well managed and its owner cares.  He'd once owned the 5&Diner chain in the valley here, so good old fashion experience is at work here.  I can see a few Indulge Burgers dotted around our valley one day.

We had burgers, fries, hot wings, and mac & cheese.  The beef was just okay and seemed over worked and could have used a bit of seasoning.  I ordered our burgers medium rare, but both came out well; so that was a little disappointing.  Well done burgers aren't a deal breaker, but just not as pleasurable to me.  Our fries were hot and very good.  The mac & cheese was good and not overcooked the way most serve it, though it did need salt.  It was very bland before adding a little salt, so keep this in mind if you try it.

I have to say though, each time I've tried the wings, they were not so good.  They taste twice cooked and have what I describe as a "refrigerator taste".  I'd later found out that they bake them halfway and refrigerate till ordered.  The cooks pull out handfuls to be quickly fried the rest of the way and serve them up as fresh.  The bones have white spots as anyone who's reheated wings at home the next day has experienced.  The wings were dry and overcooked, so I frankly wouldn't order them expecting wings such as you get at Rehab Burger Therapy (which are freaking awesome).  The hot sauce was your standard Franks hot sauce and nothing special.  I had hoped for something a bit more homemade and spicier, but hey.

I'd only suggest that they go a little further in keep things fresh and improve what they are currently doing, because garnishing with limp hot lettuce, a single soggy pickle, and sprinkling carrot shavings is neither necessary nor edible.

The owner whom you may get to meet and are free to ask for should you so wish, and their wait staff were just great.  They are good reasons for returning.  The bars specials are well thought out and tailored to local tastes.  Perfect pours and quick refills are the norm.  So my main grips were seasoning (fixable my anyone at the table), overcooked burgers (training through experience rectification), and only 1 star reduction for what I dub wing wrong (say that 5x fast).  I'd honestly give Indulge 4 out of 5 hopeful stars.
Stopped by here for lunch after buying a groupon 12 for 20.

The restaurant inside was very modern looking and chill could be a fun place to hang out potentially.

I ended up getting a grilled cheese with a side of sweet potato fries and red velvet cake since I wanted to use the entire group deal.

The grilled cheese was real cheesy and good my only qualm was the bread.  Their multi-grain bread was a little over powering taste wise.

The red velvet cake got somewhat contaminated by the pickle and grilled cheese in the box above it so I really didn't get a true taste for it.

Prices seem a bit steep, but inline with the general area.

I would likely go here with friends or coworkers if it was suggested, but I don't see going here again solo.
Wow can we say overpriced $13 for a burger!!  At least it was a large burger, large enough to have left over's. I just ordered there classic/ original cheese burger, the burger it self was good but definitely not worth $13. I ordered it to go and was a little upset that they did not ask if I wanted it with condiments as I had just moved into a new place and did not have any. So not only did I pay an outrageous amount for a hamburger but I had to eat it dry, not the best experience.
The ambiance is very hip and modern but casual.  Flat screens are all around the bar area but not too noisy.  The food is good and I like the concept of choosing your own protein (more than just beef), bread (brioche was delicious), toppings (lots to choose) and the condiments.  Their salad selection is limited but very good and the portions are large.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Look for some Yelp coupons when they are offered. They do have daily specials such as a pitcher of draft beer for $5 on Sundays, happy hours 3-630p. Got there on a Sunday evening (7p). It was busy but no wait.
Decent service, over-priced un-inspiring food quality.
Very disappointing with food and service. Ordered their standard burger and server delivered us the wrong plates. Drop and run without asking us for anything else or describing the dish. After we switched plates I had ordered MR and came out M-MW but moreover the meat was just really bland and void of flavor. The burger had like a 1/4 head of lettuce on it too I guess to give it a vertical volume perception. Server never said what the red lumpy sauce on the side was either and when I finally had to call him over to ask if it had sugar in it as I'm diabetic he said no but it sure tasted as if it did. 

The worst part was some server dumped ketchup all down the back of my shirt and then just walked away leaving me there with a huge red splatter on my back. She literally just walked away. About a minute later a girl comes by and says "someone will be by to clean you off in a little bit." What!?!?!? Now I understand that mistakes will happen but to leave me hanging there like that and just walk away was not cool. No manager visit and no apology from anyone about the spill or ruining my shirt. 

What really pissed me off though, was the gaggle of servers who gathered near the soda machine and all started laughing and giggling about my misfortune. That was seriously not cool. Of course no manager visit as no manager was seen and the service in this restaurant reflects that lack of leadership. Crappy service and bland food - will never return.
Let me start of by saying do no be afraid of the prices!! Yes it is a bit steep for "just a burger" (as some of my comrades like to say) but it is much more than that, it is an experience

At Indulge you are able to try a number of combinations that you would never of even thought of combining on your own. They provide the opportunity to try something that you probably never have had nor ever will have again. 

With that being said, if paying nearly $15 for a burger is still hard to swallow for some of you there are always groupons and living social deals floating around....so fear not all you couponing maniacs :p

I wish I could give a play by play to what we had but for this review my number one tip is "GO FOR IT!" Whether you try something completely out of the ordinary or stick with the classics you will not be disappointed.

All in all the vast ability to customize a great tasting burger with an upbeat atmosphere made for a great night.
food is always good! im a fan of their wings, and happy hour!  they have sleepy dog red rover on tap and the servers are always ready to help with anything!  burgers are huge, so when i order one i expect to have leftovers, i was unsure at first because of the price, but soon realized that the portions, service, and quality all made it a smokin deal! not to mention, they always have deals on here and groupon that make it even more affordable!
OK. The owner contacted me and was rather disconcerted about my one star rating and review. He should genuine interest in ameliorating the problem and expressed thanks for my review information to help him do so. He seems to be an owner who really does care and doesn't just discount a review as "some idiot out there" as many owners do. I raised the review from 1 to 3 stars because of his pro-activeness. He offered for me to come in when he was working to discuss the matter further. I will probably go back in again and amend the score if it warrants.
If your looking for something off the dollar menu...sorry, you came to the wrong spot!
If your looking for an AWESOME, mouth-watering, big as yo' face, gourmet burger...then this is the place for you!!!! 

The burgers are fit for a King... or a Queen, like myself  :D

Indulge has a great menu from fried pickles, fresh salmon salad, onion strings or sweet potato fries, and of course the burgers!  They have some pre-combination burgers for you to choose from or if you want to get crafty with your burger you can build your own!

I feel the best part of the build your own burger is the unique sauces, from my boyfriends favorite rajun cajun sauce and my go-to spicy sour cream sauce. I love to mix up my burger combination choices whenever I'm at Indulge and I can never go wrong, its always delish!!

Besides the food, the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Not to mention the owner is always in the restaurant, making sure everyones experience is nothing but the best!!
Grabbed the groupon to change it up after eating (great) ethnic food all week.. I walked in to a sports pub-like atmosphere, taking the very last bar stool open in a full bar centered amidst an almost packed dining area. Menu: The Sonoramo (sp?) Special.. A 2/3lb Vesuvious beef patty topped with fried onion straws, lettuce, bacon and PEANUT BUTTER. Boom..

  Picture worthy (posted) burger presents itself. Promptly devoured between small talk with the neighbors. Woww who knew peanut butter had so much talent? A+ and the fries were prettay good as well.

  So I'm obviously running high on endorphins at this point and I went ahead and filled out a custom burger order for a 1/2lb Kobe beef patty done Medium in a lettuce wrap with bacon, avocado, fried egg and cactus ranch sauce. Another A+

  Hats off to a great burger spot that has an incredible variety of good foods and quality ingredients.
Fantastic food, Fantastic service and the place is spotless!!! This is my new burger hangout!!!
The food was great. Build your own burger is the way to go....so many options!  The fried pickles were delicious too. The only complaint, and it's a big one, is the patio chairs are way friggin too small for the tables. Seriously, I felt like a 6 year old at the grown ups table, and I'm 6'4".   I'm eating inside next time.
I visited Indulge yesterday with some family for a nice evening and good food.
Service was just "okay", but we really enjoyed the restaurant's concept and the level of control we had over the taste of our burgers. Here's how it works:

Upon being seated, you are given a checklist of ingrediants that allows you to customize every detail of your burger. For example, everyone at my table chose a different type of bun - and I even chose to have my (veggie) burger placed over a salad as opposed to ordering a bun at all.

The food took a litle while to come out, but it was worth it. The portions are massive (I got a to-go box) which justifies the high prices.

---The Bar 
After my meal I sat at the bar to finish watching the Sunday Night Football game on one of their two televisions. The bar was full and kinda crammed. Hard to hold a private conversation. I wasn't really expecting them to even have a bar, so it was cool to see that they were playing the Cardinals game on TV. The happy hour prices are pretty good depending on what day of the week you go. And their beer selection is local, with Four Peaks and Sleepy Dog options.
Though I wouldn't ever suggest going to this place exclusively to watch a game or have a beer, it's nice to know that it's an option whenever you come to grab a good burger.
My girlfriend does not eat gluten so we decided to try Indulge for lunch as they had a very extensive gluten free menu. I had every intention on buying a carnivore burger, however decided to try a veggie burger instead. If the name of the restaurant has "BURGER" in it, I am assuming a burger of the veggie variety would be fine as well. I even asked the server if it was a good veggie burger or if I should order something else, she said "We have VERY good veggie burgers...." Cough, riiiiight.  

Our server was very prompt and friendly and suggested, if we were going to order fries off the gluten free menu, we should do so early as they take longer to prepare, so we ordered them in advance(baked not fried).  She came back to take our actual order and not 3 minutes later brought out the fries before the burgers. Ok, a bit early, fine by me. The fries were soft in many places and burnt in others. I thought there were, "MEH", my girlfriend thought they were gross. 

A little while later my veggie burger was served! - a shriveled up cow-pie slapped between two buns with leaf of lettuce and onion perched on top. A pickle and some carrot shreds garnished the plate. The server saw my confused expression and said, "Oh we don't put anything on the veggie burger, but if you want some ketchup or mustard?" Seriously? No aioli? No spread? No hummus? or anything to damped down this dried up patty of cardboard?!  I ate half of it, primarily because it kept falling apart (nothing was used as a binder apparently), I had to eat it with a fork, but a spoon would have been better. It was so bad, I would have prefered one of those frozen Bocca or Morning Star veggie patties. For $9 it was such a joke. 

My girlfriend's gluten free burger was a $12 burger on a salad. She asked for guacamole and asked if she should write it on the "build your own burger" menu pad they give you. The server said, "nope I will remember." Guess who forgot the guac. Her burger looked lackluster and somehow a dill pickle on a salad seemed wrong. 

Frankly, I'd rather Indulge elsewhere.
There are so many burger options out there these days. Indulge is another player in the burger bonanza. Worthy player.

First of all the atmosphere. On the corner of an upscale shopping center. A little small and cramped but looked pretty nice inside. We sat outside because we had our dog. They were very accommodating with our dog which always scores points with us.

We had 2 large beers, shared 2 starter/sides, and each had a build your own burger. We started with the french fry/ onion string combo and fried pickles. All were very tasty. I could honestly just be happy with these fried pieces of heaven and a beer. 

My husband loved his burger. Said the beef was tasty and cooked perfectly well. Portion was enormous and after eating all the sides he could only finish half.

My burger on the other hand, was just okay. I ordered the black bean burger. My burger was huge as well, but in this case bigger is NOT better. The black bean patty was too big so it was mushy inside. I think if they made the burger a little thinner and crispier it would have made a big difference. The bun and the toppings were really good. I love the wide and unique selection of toppings and sauces.

Everything added up can get kind of pricey. A lot of money for burgers and beers. Almost $50. But they run a lot of specials, Groupons and good happy hours. They have nights when beers are only a couple bucks a piece. And their happy hour has half off appetizers. So if you plan it right it can be reasonable. 

We will be back... apps are amazing, service was great, and my husband adored his burger. I think I will give their mac n cheese a try next time.
This place is SO good and I am SO FULL! 

I visited this restaurant tonight and was very pleased overall.  They have good happy hour deals, great food, and AWESOME staff/service!  Everyone from my mother to my younger brother were happy with their plates and the staff is some of the friendliest I have ever met.  I will definitely be back soon.  :)
Consistent, cooked properly, good portions, friendly service. I don't need to be cute and witty with this place. It is simply one of the best burgers in the valley.
Best burger I've ever had! Great service and location.
Awesome gluten free selection! Delicious, not over seasoned and so filling. Highly recommend them.
Great burgers. I hope they are truthful, on the menu it states "humanely sustained beef."  Would be even better if it were organic grass fed, but one can dream. :o)  Usually prompt service, cute joint for a strip mall. However, a tad pricey for a burger, (ok, i do get the buffalo, and it's $14 or $15).  I most likely  wouldn't go here without a living social or groupon deal. But, luckily those are usually easy to find, and so I'm a regular here....
A fun dining experience! Good food! Something for everyone. Quality. Different. A new favorite.
Popular place on a Saturday night!  We were able to get a seat at the bar and that worked out perfect!  The bartenders were very friendly and the food was really good.  The turkey burger was great...no complaints and the fries were tasty too!
Finally a good Burger Place with other options and kid friendly during the days.  Nice Bar also for drinks.  If you want somewhere that truly has Gluten Free Options, not just Remove the Bread, Bun, or important items then you will want to try Indulge.  Create your Own Burgers, Great Flavor, the only problem?? You want to keep coming back for more!
Pretty good.  Wouldn't bring someone here to show it off.  Burgers okay, a little over-priced.
If you love burger, this place is a must visit.  Love all the choices.  All the staff are friendly also.
Wow...love the build your own burger concept..love even more that the quality of the burgers.  Ordered cheese fries and the wings, oh the wings were awesome.  Love the choices for the burger toppings and the service was great.
Great Burger, Great Service
Been meaning to try this place since moving to the area in June and finally got around to it. As some reviewers have mentioned the burgers can get expensive but it really depends on the meat and size you get. The basic 1/2 pound beef(oops posted wrong size. either way burger was big enough for me) is around 9. With all the toppings you can put on it it makes it bigger than what can fit in your mouth. Overall the burger was better than any burger I've had in the area. All the toppings were really fresh.

In addition to getting the burger, we tried there half and half (french fries and onion straws). It was large enough fro two people to share.

They have really good deals different days and happy hour is pretty good to. They have $5 pitchers on sundays of any beer on tap with .25 cent wings(haven't tried these but hard to find em at this price anymore) and half off appetizers which makes their fried pickles a great deal and they taste good.
Marshmallow sauce for the sweet potatoe fries was very unique. (Dessert with a meal)! I had the cheddar cheese burger.  Girlfriend had the grilled turkey. Both were OK, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of a Smashburger or Fuddruckers.  I'm glad I had the Yelp coupon-both meals for $20 with tip.  That was still overpriced for the quality. There are SO many REALLY GOOD burger places around for the prices they are asking.
Loved it! Create your own Burger!
If you like a good burger then check this place out. They have so many options that you can choose from to make your own burger. I am usually not a fan of sweet potato fries, but these ones come with a dipping sauce that is amazing.
Awesome place, so many good looking female servers and they had the one with the biggest chest cleaning the tables. :)  Perfect.

 My only complaint is that their Vesuvlus Volcanic burger was not hot at all. Tasted good but not Hot as advertised. It was so mild that  a Mexican would burst out laughing "Gringo, you call this hot"? LOLOLOLOL  "You gringo's need more lessons on how to make things hot and burning.

 $5 pitcher of landshark beer was good. Got me buzzed quick.

 I would go to this place again for the great hot view and the burgers. :)))))
First time trying Indulge BaM and my roommate and I really enjoyed it. Colton was our server and was awesome! Very friendly and super attentive, not annoyingly so.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich with blue cheese, baby greens and tomato on the brioche. Very high quality ingredients and they did not skimp on any of them! The chicken was awesome, right amount of char, the taste reminded me of chicken you'd get at a good old fashioned cowboy cookout (that's a good thing if you've never been to one). We split an order of sweet potato fries that came with buttery marshmallow dipping sauce. Really unique and tasty! It's a little bit pricey for casual food, but it IS high quality food so you really shouldn't feel ripped off. I had a Yelp Deal, so the whole meal, 2 sandwiches, order of fries and 2 drinks were $25 spent including a $7 tip. Now that's a deal! Will return for sure!

One last side note... the restaurant was very clean, nice  simple yet modern decor, and the owner was there and seems like a genuinely nice guy, very smiley. :)
I thought my burger was dry.  Tasty sweet potato fries.  Good atmosphere and fun music.
Big portions and great food.  You must try their fried pickles...delish.
Tried it out with our groupon for lunch. Everyone enjoyed their meal. Casual & lots of menu options.
OMG best burger joint ever and with that friendly neighborhood feel that makes you think you're back East. Get the sweet potato fries. They come with a sugary dip that is freaking redic. I like topping my burgers with herbed goat cheese, spinach and their creamy balsamic. So so good!! I can't wait to go again.
I went here for the first time last night with my husband and my friend (she has dined here multiple times).  Totally love it!  The fact that there are "adult milkshakes" guarantees that I will be back (Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough!).  

The food was great.  I had the original cheeseburger with bacon, my husband had the Southwest Patty Melt.  I made the mistake of ordering Chili Cheese Fries, which was way too much food!  I left the restaurant in a food coma.  

The reason for three stars is because we had to ask for utensils and had to look around for our server.  She was very sweet though!  Then we had to ask for the bill and it took awhile for them to get our cards back to us.  

I will be back!  I myself have waited on the owner and his wife.  They are such nice people and have brought a wonderful restaurant to Scottsdale.  Always happy to help the local, small business owners.
Groupon introduced us to this joint several months ago.  Since then, I've continued to buy Groupons and visit....I can't believe they can stay open and offer such huge discounts.  This place is alway very busy, so be prepared for a bit of a wait if you come during peak dinner hours....5-7:30 pm.  Also, I'd recommend asking for a free standing table instead of the bench seated "community" tables because those tables are pretty close together and you won't have any privacy.

Some menu items we've ordered are:

Vesuvius Burger, $12.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=jJ909hC-XqZDXPv-1kFXow#jJ909hC-XqZDXPv-1kFXow

Chicken Wings, $8.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=OrF_EvFDVGxE3ddqKtGXyw#OrF_EvFDVGxE3ddqKtGXyw

1/2 Fries, 1/2 Onion Strings, $5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=6y07slzhlZ4zTfxvR2QXkQ#6y07slzhlZ4zTfxvR2QXkQ

Sliders, $7.95 for 2....$3.50 for ea extra
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=12gc2N1b90utvafur4OwZg#12gc2N1b90utvafur4OwZg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=Jw8uFL4H3eNqSAclbCitbg#Jw8uFL4H3eNqSAclbCitbg

Cheeseburger, $9.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=YJWvGjFTpcofzXnLakslNQ#YJWvGjFTpcofzXnLakslNQ

Sonoran Burger, $13.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=3D5FpjhS4PIZ91D5e7u63g#3D5FpjhS4PIZ91D5e7u63g

Turkey Burger, $9.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=BYH2HY6p7wKgo49a3LX24A#BYH2HY6p7wKgo49a3LX24A

By far, the best items on the menu are the Sonoran Burger, Vesuvius Burger, and the Wings.  A Vesuvius Burger is two patties of Beef stuffed with the Cheese inbetween the 2 so that the Cheese gets cooked/melted in the middle.  A Sonoran Burger is the same as a Vesuvius with the addition of Peanut Butter on top.....and that's what makes it so good, yum!  You have to be careful on your first bite though because the Cheese is piping hot and it will burn the hell out of your mouth!

The Wings are a suprise....they're pretty good, above average.

The rest of the menu are specialty Burgers or  you can create your own with select toppings, etc.  It's a pretty cool setup.

The servers are usually pretty friendly and attentive.  However, when they get really busy, service will slow down a bit.

Return Factor - 85%
Indulge Burger is a fun place to stop & grab a bite.

They are a dog friendly place, with water bowls outside in the patio area.  We first started coming here when a coupon appeared in our mail box, and we've been back every few months.  

The food is generally good and they have a wide degree of choices.  The sweet potato fries, onion strings, and the garlic chips are great.  The burgers are in the $10 to $14 dollar range.  But they are very large one half of pound burgers.  That's why it important to remember to check for coupons before you come.  

I just noticed after posting the above review that there is a current "Yelp Deals -- $15 for $30 Deal at Indulge Burgers & More"
My husband and I came here for lunch the other day after we had heard some good things from co-workers. I feel like this place is trying to be a hip and gourmet burger joint - sort of like Delux Burger - but falls short. The location is decent and I like all the windows. The color scheme is blue and there's plenty of burger artwork inside. However, the inside seems a little cramped. You definitely have to do some maneuvering to get to a table all the way in the back of the restaurant (or the restrooms). There are plenty of tables and a short booth section, but then there are screens than hang from ceiling to floor and that makes it even more difficult to navigate. Lucky for us, we sat all the way in the back and had to do some fancy dancing to get back there. 

The waitress was nice and attentive. She answered any questions I had about the burgers and was quick to take our order. They have a lunch special for $9.95. This includes a burger (or sandwich), fries, and a drink. You have to choose from a list of burgers/sandwiches, but they have a wide variety. I thought about getting the chicken or veggie sandwich, but went with the standard classic - cheeseburger. I ordered sweet potato fries and since it comes with a drink, received an ice tea. My husband ordered almost the same, but got regular fries instead. 

Our food came rather quickly and looked good. The patty was a little thinner than my husband normally likes, but compared to some places it was decently sized. The flavor was good - tasted meaty and no real spices. I liked the cheese they used, real cheddar cheese, and I think this was my favorite part of the burger. My husband didn't really care for his burger, wishing it had more flavor. His fries were okay - nothing special. However, I really liked my sweet potato fries, which came with a cinnamon marshmallow sauce. The sauce, I didn't really care for. It was waaay too sweet and looked unappetizing.  

Overall, I don't know if we'd come back for lunch, unless we were in the area. The happy hour looked decent and I do love an adult milkshake (or just a chocolate malt!) so I might come back to try. I might not indulge with burgers, but I definitely can try with dessert!
I went to Indulge with five friends after our Saturday CrossFit workout for a little protein and we all came away very happy.

I love the ability to customize the burger with pretty much whatever you want on it via their pads with all the options; you simply check the items you want. You can view the options at the Indulge Burgers web site - just click the "Menu" menu option and select "Do It Yourself". You can also choose from their selection of "pre-built" burgers. They have other options on the menu such as salmon, grouper, fish tacos, pulled pork as well as some veggie options. No one in our group tried any of those.

I ordered a customized version of the Vesuvius burger and had it wrapped in lettuce. I selected the premium cheddar, mayo, mustard, ketchup, grilled onions, pepperoncini, roasted peppers and honey cured bacon. They warn you that the cheese in the Vesuvius burger is hot (temperature, not spicy as another review alluded) and they aren't kidding, so consider yourself warned. When it arrived, the burger was placed in between multiple triangular pieces of lettuce which were sufficiently strong to hold my burger and its toppings. As someone who eats the majority of his burgers on lettuce, this was a nice touch as at so many places the single piece of lettuce isn't enough to keep the meat from falling through. The ketchup, mustard and mayo were served on the side. While some may not like this, I personally like being able to put on as much or as little as I like.

The burger was delicious. On the first bite a good bit of the cheese in the middle squirted out the side. Fortunately most of it stayed on my plate, so I was able to eat it. Some ended up on my hand (and it was hot as advertised!), some sadly ended up on the table. Not sure if there's any way to prevent it from "leaking" but be sure to take that first bite over your plate! The burger was juicy and I can't tell if it was because of the cheese in the middle or the meat itself and I'll have to try another burger without the cheese in the middle and compare. In addition to being juicy it had great flavor - all my toppings combined to make each bite outstanding. Some burger purists may say you don't need toppings but to me the melding of all the flavors is more important.

For a group of six of us we ordered three orders of sweet potato fries (although only five of use ate them). We probably could have gotten by with two since we ended up with leftovers. The cinnamon marshmallow dipping sauce is good, but since we're all sugar/carb conscious and it's loaded with sugar we all ate it sparingly. The fries themselves were crisp and good enough to eat without sauce.

The service is where I took off one star. The good parts of the service were that our server was very knowledgeable about their gluten free options which were important as one member of our group is extremely sensitive to gluten. Our drinks were refilled fairly often (a good thing) except for the first round of refills which took a little too long. I freely admit this is a minor quibble. The other knock was that once we'd paid the bill we had trouble getting a server's attention for a box and get us some change for a twenty. Again, this is not a huge deal.

The decor, one of my least important things in a restaurant, was nice. It's open, there's not a lot of privacy and it can be a bit loud but your'e there to eat a burger, so who cares?

I'll definitely be going back.
Wow, the food is amazing, the service great.   Very imaginative options to customize your burger including homemade sauces you won't find anywhere else.  The bar is good but I wouldn't mind seeing a Pub Ale on tap.  You won't walk away without a smile on your face.
I had the Kobe burger with fries and it was really just okay. There was way too much lettuce on it such that the flavor of lettuce overpowered the beef. Not something you want when you're eating Kobe beef. So I removed some lettuce but was still not wow'd. And for $15+ for a burger I hope for better.
Will definitely return. Everything was great...food, service, drinks.
Just a quick note to let everyone know what kind of person Lee Klein (owner) is....I had seven $100 gift cards in my nightstand at home.  Then, on Jan. 15, 2013 my home burned to the ground and I lost everything.  The other day I ate at Indulge and when Lee found this out he replaced all seven cards without batting an eye.  So, good food and great people.  It does not get better than that.  I strongly encourage everyone to support this restaurant.
This is a fun place with a varied, creative menu.  Laura and her staff were very friendly, efficient and provided great customer service.  The restaurant was totally packed and they did a good job in getting people seated in a timely manner.  The patio is a decent size and people were having a good time.  As usual the food was great!!!  They serve the sweet fries with a "marshmallow " dipping sauce that is delicious & decadent!  I would definitely recommend Indulge!
I eat here at least twice a month. 
Love that I can get a burger (and not protein style) and still be gluten free. 
I love the build your own with the Kobe beef. 
Baked fries for that yen that needs to be filled. Good skinny margaritas too!
Went there on Saturday night with a Yelp coupon just to try the place.  It's a nice place--clean and attractive.  Ordered the pastrami/burger which came with cole slaw.  Also an order of half sweet potato fries/half regular, and the plain mac and cheese. We also had the two beef slider type burgers.  The pastrami burger was very good cooked just right.  The coleslaw needed a bit a seasoning perhaps a little more salt and definitely some pepper.  The fries were served with ketchup AND... are you ready for this?  Melted marshmallow sauce.  Too sweet and please lose this sauce!!!!  Perhaps a balsamic type of sauce would have complemented the sweet potato fries.  The sliders were good served with a pickle, grilled onions and lettuce and tomato.  The Mac and Cheese was elbow macaroni with some yellow cheese sauce.  I think a 7 year old would have liked it.  Not being 7 and being a good cook, I can only give the mac & cheese a 3 out of 10.  (I make mine from scratch with sharp cheddar, etc, etc... I can't tell you what else because then I would be giving away my recipe).  I would encourage the owner to have some bread crumbs put on top of the mac & cheese  and then put it in a broiler to bubble.  I think this will give it a less "Kraft mac and cheese" impression.  Our waiter was amazing, attentive to our water glasses being filled at all times.  The owner was there being charming with everyone there and even paying attention to all the cute babies (They were noiseless babies, thank G--d !) 
Basically we enjoyed our food and will definitely be back.
Good service, delish burger! Oh and some solid beer as well- no complaints here.
The best turkey burger with lettuce wraps!!  Good customer service and above all just good burgers and fries!!
My boyfriend purchased a Yelp deal not too long ago and we went for dinner. I had been before but he hadn't. I'm never disappointed with their food.

Apparently they were running a Groupon deal and it was the last day to cash in, so the place was packed like a can of sardins. We found a spot at the bar and ordered a couple of brewskis. Considering how busy they were on like a random Tuesday night the service wasn't bad. But it was obvious the bartender was busting his ass. 

A sweaty bartender is always a little awkward. Ya dig?
So being that we are burger junkies, when we visited Arizona we had to try a burger joint. We searched Yelp and came across this place. We decided to try it on our way back from Scottsdale and was a little underwhelmed. The delicious pictures and raving reviews didn't hold it down for us.

We both built our own burgers and went with a side of cheese fries. The burgers were good and very filling, but they were crazily messy. The bread was soggy and broke off within a few bites. The amount of toppings you can throw on is a huge plus and the cheese fries were average. 

Service was average. Our server was nice enough to let us use a coupon but he was a little spaced out the entire time. Also when we went it was filled with children so you can take the kiddos here for a good eat as well.
Came here on a whim for a Monday lunch. Coffee Swirl adult shake was awesome, kind of like a mudslide but better (read: more whipped cream). The chili cheese fries are spectacular, and the burger was very good. I hada build your own with beef, brioche bun, BBQ sauce, bacon, and a fried egg. Docked them a star because they forgot my cheese. Also docking a star because I think burgers that cost more than $10 should be served on a platinum platter and the waitress should gently massage my scalp and upper back while I stuff my face. Overall though, a pretty good spot for lunch.
Ordered a pastrami burger and the pastrami was fresh, moist and not too salty. My brother had the bison burger and my friend ordered the black bean veggie burger. All of the food was really tasty, there wasn't too much food so we felt like we had to waste it, but there was just enough for us to feel stuffed. I brought my dog with me and when they seated us, they put down a fresh bowl of water and asked if they could give him an Iams dog biscuit. Best lunch place ever!

Only drawback was the price. It's a bit on the pricey side.
The first time I walked in here, it was crowded.  Not wanting to wait for a table, I decided to simply get a Sonora burger to go.  It was decent; the cheese-filled patty was unique and kept the meat nice and moist.

I recently had a chance to dine in and build my own burger.  Now that the dust has settled, I realize that Indulge Burger is not that great.

There was nothing wrong with the toppings on my burger.  No, the problem was more the burger itself.  You see, this was my first meal after running a marathon earlier in the day, and I was ready to stuff my face with protein.  I had an appetite, and I was thirsty.

Would have been nice to have a high quality non-alcoholic beverage that evening.  Every respectable burger joint has something good to drink, whether it is the local Sonoran Root Beer that Delux and The Grind serve, or the blackberry peach lemonade at Zinburger, or even Diablo Burger's bottled Cokes.  Indulge Burger?  Pepsi products.  Lame.

I ordered my burger medium rare, as usual.  And because I was so hungry, I went with the 2/3 pounder.  I figured after burning 4,000 Calories in one day, I deserved it.  But what I got was 2/3 pound of well-done, dry beef that becomes even more difficult to break down when your saliva reserves have already been long exhausted.  It was like eating a sponge with nice toppings.

I ordered fries, but the burger had already sucked me dry, so those fries were about as easy to eat as cotton balls.  It certainly didn't help that they were just not very good, with no special seasonings or anything.  For a burger joint as popular as this, they really need to do something about their fries.  Luckily, the bartender saw that I barely touched them, and took them off my bill without even being asked.  Perhaps he realized how boring they are.  Whatever the reason, this earned them an extra star.

When you compare this place to the other great burgers of the Phoenix Metro area, you'll notice that the price is the same, but the food just does not measure up.  The Sonora burger is worth trying once, but even that is a little bit of a gimmick.  I'll take a properly cooked, succulent meat patty over a cheese-filled and peanut butter-topped novelty any day of the week.
Great burger 5 stars.. 1 star for the onion rings and the service.  Better luck next time.
We love going to "Lee's Place." He knows how to make his diners happy. He always greets us with his warm personality and happy smile making us feel comfortable with our dining experience. His burgers are excellent. My favorite is the Turkey Burger with the cranberries. I didn't know something so healthy could be so good. I highly recommend his place because you will always have a great experience eating there!
The original cheeseburger is excellent, veggie sandwich is ok, fries are ehhhh, onion strings were good.  This place has good daily specials and I would definitely like to try more burgers and I want to try the chilli next time I am near there.
Neat atmosphere. We went with the pulled pork and turkey burger. Pulled pork was tough and almost too spicy. I expected the turkey burger to be as high quality as their regular burger. But nope, processed patty :/ Fries and sweet potato fries were pretty standard. Buns were good. We also got burger sliders and those were great! So if you go, stick to a burger :)
Excellent service! Marshmallow sauce with sweet potato fries is a must!
Awesome food!!
Great service, the food was served quickly and was very good.  Waiter was attentive without being intrusive.  Will definitely go back again.
The restaurant was really cool. There was a little bit of a wait but it was definitely worth it. My burger and fries were delicious!
Goddam their burgers are great!  I had the chili cheeseburger. I was a bit skeptic because it was an open face burger but I loved every bit of it.  This place prides on customizing the burger that fits your needs.  I was able to customize my fries as well. Most restaurants put unnecessary salt in their food which I hate.  Their chili on that burger taste just like some home made chili.  The food was not salty and everything was cooked right.  If I wasn't on a diet I would be fat all over again by eating this divine food.  I would recommend Jesus to eat a burger here.  LOL
Wings are to die for - well cooked, not breaded, and the indulge sauce is addictive.  Perfect!  Wasn't a fan of the romain vs better greens in the Salad burger, and the canned Pineapple was a a turn off for sure.  But the wings... the wings!
Good service, clean resturant. Skip the garden salad. The burger was mediocre at best.
Horrible. Truly one of the worst burgers I've ever eaten. Tasteless and over priced.  Paper thin bacon. Nothing impressive. The fries were good, but not hot. The burger was over cooked and came out of the kitchen way to fast, I've had fast food burgers take longer to get. Makes me wonder? No return visit for me.
My mouth is watering, thinking about these delicious burgers. My girlfriend and I ordered the Kobe and bison, split them and we were in heaven. 

Their house sauce is great, the burger was cooked exactly to order and I was quite happy. 

They were crazy busy, so we took a spot outside to avoid the wait. The patio atmosphere is just as nice as inside, industrial feel with metal tables, chairs, etc. 

Waiter was super attentive and it made for a great burger experience.
Indulge burger is so good.  They serve plenty of food and it is good too.  Service most of the time is good, but the last time we went there it seemed like they were short handed or something.  Food took longer than usual, most of the time service is great.
My boyfriend and I discovered Indulge about a year ago and had been happy regulars ever since. GREAT food, fresh, nice service, the perfect place for casual yet healthy custom choices in beef, chicken, or veggie burgers. No other place like it. 

Imagine our dismay and sadness when we headed over last night and found the place shut down, furniture gone, no "we moved" signs on the door. Just gone. 

We read about it after we Googled the place to see what happened. We STILL don't understand. Read the farewell letter from Lee on their FB page, but it doesn't make any reason clear. So very sad. We ended up at the Z-Tejas on Shea....a poor substitute for Indulge. 

WHAT HAPPENED?????

Major restaurant loss for the area. 

PLEASE COME BACK!!!!! :D
I love this place! The food is fabulous and the staff is incredible. They make you feel like part of the  family when you sit down to eat! I recommend the burgers, salads, Mac and cheese, pickle chips and of course the chicken! So fun and fresh!
Another Groupon casualty.  We went there to have dinner the other day and saw that it was closed.  That's too bad.  I think Groupon did them in...they always had deals out there, how could they make any profits?

Return Factor - 0%
Quite sad really.  They were always crowded but for how good the food was, they could have charged more.  WAY more.  Especially because I know they accepted barter money from other companies which lowered their profit margins and screwed up their cash flow.  Their burgers were amazing but what I'll really miss are their sweet potato fries and marshmallow creme dipping sauce.  Basically now every time I eat a hamburger/fries I do an involuntary comparison to Indulge and it ruins the other food every time.  I will never have a better burger ever.
I guess I'm not too surprised the place closed - the burgers were good, but not great.  And we always seemed to experience misleading wait times designed to keep me from going elsewhere.

However, those sweet potato fries and marshmallow sauce - I just need to recreate that at home - those were really good.
Pass! One of the most tasteless burgers I've eaten. Overpriced for what I received. I've had better at fast food. Not worth it.
Another new business for Goodyear. It has been open a few weeks I believe.

This is a less elaborately set restaurant than others in the chain. This is not to say there is anything wrong with the building or its dcor, just nothing special. At the moment it is the only business on the south east corner of Bullard and McDowell. 

We had made a reservation for 7:30 PM. Saturday. When w e arrived there were several parties waiting, in fact it was overflow in the waiting area. Telling the hostess that we had an reservation we were seated right away, which often does not happen. 

The young lady serving us was right on for drinks of which were served quickly. She had a very pleasant smile and demeanor. 

We ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps along with Salt & Pepper Calamari for our starters.  The wraps were tasty and the Calamari was excessively salty.

Soup was also ordered it was the Hot and Sour. This had no spark. The flavour was flat and much too much corn flower for thickening. 

Four different entrees were ordered, Cantonese Chow Fun, Sichuan Shrimp, Lemon Chicken and Crispy Honey Chicken. The Chow Fun was listless and lacking any discernable flavour, this too could be said about the Shrimp while the Lemon Chicken was pretty rout, nothing special and the crispy chicken was not crispy. The only dish with a proper serving was the Chow Fun, but since none was really great it did not matter. None of the mains were hot, all served at very close to room temperature. 

Although the service was pleasant it was quite slow after the drinks were brought which might account for the temperature of the food. 

Right now writing about it and thinking that what we got was sub par and too much money for product I doubt we will be going back. 

Beijing just up the road is much better.
We have been to several PF Chang's around the valley. My MIL loves this place, so we "forced" to go on special family occasions. Our usual orders: chicken lettuce wraps; sweet and sour chicken; dali chicken; honey chicken; orange chicken; monoglian beef; fried rice; lo mein; double pan-fried noodles; buddha's feast; and with white and brown rice. Yes, this is all ordered in 1 visit. After years, I still can not love this place. The taste of the food is sweet, soy sauce, or spicy. I know this is a chain, but I crave the TASTE of real Chinese food.
Alexis was our server and she was very nice. (and cute too).  The food was awesome as Pf changes always is.  We ordered the flights of wine..  Good times.  Thanks for the "Diet Cokes".  My family lives in Buckeye so I'm  glad I don't have to drive far for changs any more.  Thanks for a great time out.
I think it may be possible that we are eating out too much!--  With that being said.  I called and made a reservation for 7pm on Saturday night.  We showed up to a crowded waiting area and checked in with the hostess.  She proceeded to hand me a pager.  I thought to myself "Wth? I thought we had a reservation?".  We sat down and waited about 3 minutes and we were them promptly seated in a booth.

  I think the booth makes a big difference here because the tables are very close together.  The tables are so close that I feel like I am having dinner with the people at the next table.  Anyway, the booth is super nice. 

Roxanne was our server.  She was polite and friendly.  We decided to try the two dinners for $39.95.  We started with soups and they were very tasty.  We then had Chicken Lettuce Wraps which were also good.  I forgot to mention my wife had a white wine spritzer and I had a beer(both good).  The main course was Sweet and Sour Pork and Mongolian Beef and they were both excellent.

Our experience here was near perfect!   We had a great meal with two drinks and our tab was $60.00 including tip......
Back again for Giants Spring Training and one again it was excellent.  Greg was our server and he was ON IT with the refills!!!!  The only bummer is we had to wait 20 minutes for a table but hey thats not their fault.

Great food,  good fun .
We sat at the bar waiting for the rest of our party (8) to show up. My husband was so hungry he had to order the pot stickers. He ordered a beer and I got their green ice tea. The green tea was good. When the pot stickers arrived, they are HOT (temperature). They were SO SO GOOOD. That was the only really good thing we had that day. Meet our party of 8, we ordered TONS of food. All of it was ok. 

2 chicken fried rice - kinda of bland 
2 Mongolian beef - ok taste too sweet 
1 chicken chow fun - kinda of bland, just a soy sauce flavor 
2 crispy honey chicken - good Americanized Chinese flavor 
2 chicken chow mein - this dish is not suppose to have a sweet taste 
2 spicy chickens - too spicy for me to taste the actual flavor 
2 Buddha feast - good Americanized Chinese flavor 
white and brown rice
The saying, "Don't go away mad, just go away" comes to mind. Having dined here several times I concluded it wouldn't even be worth a complaint to mgmt. Regulars at this location seem just too blissfully ignorant.

Hints: P.F Changs food is supposed to taste good. It's a chain that attracts people who know how to appear in public, don't wish they were at the beer garden instead, and have already learned how to feed infants in public. Tipping them upside down and shoving a bottle in the mouth while they squirm makes you look retarded.

If the thought of any of the above interests you, go for it.
Food is amazing.... It.keeps.me.coming back! you have to try the pot stickers they are to die for!!!
My daughter took my husband and I for our anniversary last month.  I have to say this restaurant is one of descent Chinese restaurants in AZ since we used to live in San Francisco.  It's a little pricey but we enjoyed the ambiance, good service and good food.  I'm still looking for a non chain good Chinese restaurants since I love dim sum.
Very good service is good too
Standard PF Chang's fare.  I had the Mongolian beef.  It was great, but the rice was dry.  Really dry.  I wasn't impressed.  We had a table of eight and our server was awesome!!  She busted her ass and still had other tables.  I was very impressed with her.  I would have given 3 stars expect for the fact that the service really brought up the whole experience.
I had to drop it down to 2 stars.  The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.  They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.  Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?  

We had our usuals:
2 chicken fried rice - ok
2 mongolian beef - good
2 chicken chow mein - good
2 crispy honey chicken - good
1 orange peel chicken - meh...
1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was good

Main reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!  We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).  We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!  So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.  He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.  We were always out of drinks.  I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.  I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).
Horrible, horrible service.  I'll start off by saying this was our last shot at giving PF Chang our business because of a horrible dining experience the last time we dined in.

We got there right at the start of dinner service.  There was no wait but the two of us started the night's waiting list.  We were told 5 minutes.  We were seated in the foyer and watched 12 customers leave after eating.  12!  Were we seated?  Nope.  We watched about 20-25 more people come in and get on the list before we were finally seated after a 20 minute wait.  I even asked the hostess how much longer and she replied with a "snippy" answer that we were next.  Really?  We were next?  I think we could have figured that out since we were the first ones on the list.

Waitress was very friendly but the service was atrocious.  We ordered a bottle of wine which took a while to get to us.  When it did, my wine glass was disgusting.  It took 7 minutes to get a new glass.  Seriously?  7 minutes for a glass?  My wife and I ordered the dinner for two which includes soup for each.  Lo and behold, my soup spoon had some brown stuff crusted on it.  Had to wait, wait, wait for the waitress to return.  She was no where in sight.  Not in the dining room anyway.  Didn't take as long to get a new spoon and she did apologize.

The food arrived in a reasonable time and it was good.  Soup, crab wontons, sesame chicken, sweet and sour pork.  It was decent.  But it was all delivered by food runners.

When it came time for dessert, we sat there and waited almost another 10 minutes for her to bring the dessert tray by and show us what they had.  

I think you can figured by now how long it took to get the bill and then to get the check to sign.  We got there shortly after 5 pm and didn't get out of there until 7:30!  ?????   

To sum up, food = okay.  Service = TERRIBLE!!!!!!
We had a reservation for 6pm on Mothers Day and didn't get seated until 7:20 pm. We had asked for a half booth when we had made our reservation and for our party of six a regular booth is to small and we didn't want a table. The manager, Marybeth Garrett bent over backward to accommodate us. When we were seated she had made sure that appetizers were sent out to our table right away, we had a great waitress, the food was excellent and Marybeth came to our table at the end of our meal and informed us that our meals were on the house because of the reservation problem. Outside of the wait we had a great time, and enjoyed our Mothers Day Dinner.
This place serves it purpose, and I don't know if they are reading customer reviews but we experienced none of the issues noted by the previous yelpers. 

We were asked politely where we would like to sit because it was a weeknight with not many people in house. Everything looked clean, the wait staff was professional and happy, and  even though runners brought us our food, our waiter still paid close attention to our needs.

Our food was fresh and tasty and everything was as ordered. We had enough food, the only thing that kicked it down from 4 stars was the beef to vegetable ratio in one dish was odd seeing that there was about 3 times as much sliced celery compared to spicy beef.  

The desert was on time, and the prices are more for the ambiance than the food. This is like a different cultural version of the cheesecake factory but I feel I get less bite per buck.

Overall, it's a nice place for a romantic date and I would suggest it to friends.
Never bad...consistent
Every time I go to this location the food is great!  It's consistent and the service is great.
Excellent from top to bottom.  If you've been to a PF Chang's before and I enjoy the franchise, this place will not disappoint.

For those that have never been to one, it's a high end Chinese restaurant and you'll pay a good 25% more than you would at your local favorite.

The dining room is very nice but we usually eat in the bar area, either at a table or at the bar itself.  You just seem to get better and quicker service in here.

Our Favorites:

Mongolian Beef (a must!)
Lettuce Wraps of course
Dry Rubbed Ribs
Won Ton Soup

Relax and enjoy.
Still blah after all this time.
I can sum this one up in one word: BLAND.
We got two appetizers and two entrees. The appetizers tasted okay. Crab wontons and egg rolls, I think they were. 
The entrees were BLAND. One of them was a chicken something. I can't remember because it was a few months ago (I have a toddler and am 7 months prego and I am slightly behind in my reviewing duties.) but it had NO flavor to it. They give you several weird sauces, but I am a little leery of mixing sauces into my dish and not knowing how spicy, etc. it is going to come out. But, that entree was BLAH and BLAND. My husband even said "this has no flavor" before the words had a chance to come out of my mouth. 
The other thing we ordered was Mongolian beef. It was served with green onions. The dish that came out of the kitchen was COVERED with green onions. We thought it was a plate of green beans, but NO. It was ONIONS. Seriously? They should call it Mongolian Onions flavored with a few pieces of beef. AND, the beef was bland too. (We didn't bother eating the piles of onions.)
Also they sat us at a tiny table near the kitchen. Not too bright considering our kid is in a high chair and in the way of all the servers walking by.
Totally not worth it for the $75 we had to pay. We won't waste our time or money going back there.
Bad bad service!! We just walked out because the hostess gave us attitude for wanting a booth. 8/12/12 12:45pm
Service was great and so was the food. We enjoyed a wonderful dinner as always!
We were seated promptly, but waited 10 to 15 minutes before flagging down someone and asked her if she could send our wait person over. It turned out she ended up taking our table. She was ok-not super fast or overly friendly but efficient enough. The food was average- compared to some of the other PF Changs I've been to.  The  vegetables were tough and the overall quality was just not there. I'll go back to PF Changs, but not this one. It took forever to pay too-very annoying.
My wife and I always get the 4 course dinner for two!

Egg Drop Soup? Love it!
Crab Won Tons? Love it!
Kung Pao Shrimp? LOVE IT!
Improved the desserts to larger size!

In West Valley this location is easier to get a table than Peoria.
Went to eat dinner here tonight, Sunday, January 27, 2013 but left before we could get seated. Over 50% of the seating was empty but there were about 20 of was waiting to get seated. It would not have been a problem if the staff had a sense of urgency, but they were slow to seat people. We waited at least 10 minutes before we decided to leave and there were still people ahead if us waiting to get a table. We did not all come at the same time either, the customers were staggered on arrival time. The staff just didn't want to seat people when they walked in, they just took names. We asked if the problem was if they were short staffed and she never really answered, however, it did not appear that they were. They just didn't want to sit tables at the same time. We would have been happy sitting at a table with a drink and menu while we waited on a server. The food is not that good (edpecially for the price) at PF Chang's to begin with, so, we left. Won't be back...ever.
I am not sure why they were having people to wait to be seated but they had at least 18 of us waiting for over 15 minutes. There were only 2 in our party. We left, so not sure how much longer it would have been. I could easily see 9 tables open. Maybe not enough staff. The speed they were seating the ones that eventually got seated was uncalled for. The manager stood near the front podium and never once helped to seat or check in people. Maybe slipping them money would have helped but they are far from being that type of restaurant. We weren't the only ones who left, too many better options around worth waiting for.
It's good, but not great.  Love the lettuce wraps, the chicken fried rice is also really good.  Dumplins are good.  Mongolian beef is decent, but too expensive.  Lunch specials are the way to go to make this place worth the money.
Britney was amazing. My son and I had been traveling all day and were in a hurry so I called in the order to be ready when we arrived to eat so we could get right back on the road. When we arrived our drinks were on the table. We weren't sitting for more than a minute and our food came out. It was delicious as always. Her customer service was A+. We will be back.
AKA-- Yummy Salty Chang's

Not a place for authentic Chinese food, but they don't purport it and the food is tasty.  Made the unfortunate mistake of looking up the nutritional info from the menu and dear Salt Gods is this place is good for some mighty dessication!  Many of the platters are a step away from just reading "salt lick with rice and brown sauce".

That said, salt is indeed tasty.  Their dessert sampler is one of the best options out there for variety and serving sizes, sharing, and giving your youngling their own.  I do miss the banana lumpia option, though.

Service is usually good.  Generally keep the place dark for some reason.  Children's menu is okay.  They do keep the place very clean.

They have become rather pricey, which is the only consistent knock I have on the chain.
This place has a great happy hour! Lettuce wraps $6? Yes!! The BBQ spare ribs are awesome and so are the crispy green beans!! The service was great and they made sure that we got our order in during happy hour. It is a refreshing change compared to some places that seem to discourage the happy hour menu. We will definitely be back.
Grouchy staff.
Nice place for lunch.
This is the first time we ordered everything from the Gluten Free Menu. We ordered online and picked up a to-go order. The order was ready on time packed well and everything arrived home hot. The only exception was that all but one of the boxes had a large orange sticker on it that designated the boxes as gluten free. Although the nice person that packed the order did read off gluten free before adding each item to the bag I still felt the need to call and clarify that all the food in our order was gluten free. I was told that they had simply run out of the stickers and instead of making us wait just did not place one on our box. Although slightly inconvenient it was worth the phone call and in the end everything was gluten free and there were no reactions! 

The food over all was fantastic with the exception of the Moo Goo Gai Pan. The chicken and shrimp were cooked well but the vegetables were a bit underdone and the sauce lacked any sort of flavor. I am not sure if this was due to being GF or simply just a so-so dish as I have not had the gluten full version. Oh, and we are so glad we choose not to skip the flourless chocolate dome! What a treat, it was more fudge or truffle like and came with a nice portion of fresh summer berries. The menu tends to change with the seasons and that will keep us coming back.

GF CHANG'S CHICKEN LETTUCE WRAPS 
Our signature appetizer. Wok-seared chicken, mushrooms, green onions and water chestnuts served over crispy rice sticks with cool, crisp lettuce cups

GF MONGOLIAN BEEF 
Sweet, soy-glazed flank steak wok-seared with scallions and garlic

GF MOO GOO GAI PAN 
Sliced chicken breast and tender shrimp served with mushrooms and sliced vegetables in a mild sauce

GF FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE DOME 
Decadent, rich chocolate cake served with fresh berries and raspberry sauce
It's was ok at best, it started when we entered the restaurant there was no friendly hello it almost seemed like we were unexpected. When it came to restaurant it was clean and about half full server was great, attentive and met our needs really well. Food was mediocre found a bit over cooked even found a chicken bone in the chicken lettuce wraps. Overall it was average, I have been to PF changs in Spokane and Las Vegas and the were both superior by far.
Excellent service and yummy yummy food!  Matt gives great service too.  Everyone seems to always be smiling!
The dessert trio was nice! I had the salted caramel cake, tiramisu and key lime bar. I sampled a bit of each and was pleasantly surprised. Although the tiramusu wasn't the best I've had it wasn't too bad. Enjoyed our time here!
We went here New years Eve and had a great dinner. The service was excellent and my Lemon scallops and chicken Lettuce wraps were amazing.I highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
Never had bad service or food, great atmosphere! A little pricey but we'll worth it. Two thumbs up
So full of flavor! Everyone is so nice and friendly from the moment you walk in.  You get a lot of food for the price and everything was served promptly and just how we ordered it. We love going to Sammy's!
I am a big fan of woodfired pizza and this place did not upset.

I started off with the Mac and Cheese, which was amazing!!! And followed it up with the BBQ chicken pizza.

I worked for a pizza place for years and made many unique pizzas up one of them was a bbq chicken pizza, the one at sammy's was even better than I could make at home, my only complaint would be the pizzas are a little small, but the quality more than makes up for it.

I need to get back to Sammy's again, there is a Messy Sundae with my name on it!!!
I finally tried out this chain last night.  We ordered the Crab, Shrimp and Artichoke Dip and also the Sun-Dried Tomato pizza.  Both were very good, but as far as pizza goes, it wasn't absolutely amazing i.e. I've had better.  I do like that they aren't too pricey.  I have no objection to a return visit.
I've eaten at the Sahara location and been satisfied with Sammy's before.  This being my first visit to this location I expected around the same enjoyment.  Let me start by saying the service and the restaurant were both excellent.  Clean restaurant that wasn't cluttered and had a great overall ambiance.

The menu had several choices and for a woodfire pizza place certain items seemed out of place.  A lot of seafood and greek style apps.  "Tapas" had a spot on the menu and consisted of things like Artichoke dip and Edamame??? Ok, not Firefly tapas for sure but still small plates... I guess.  The woodfire pizza that stuck out to me was the prosciutto.  At Settebello its my favorite so I figured I would compare.

No comparison needed, Settebello's prosciutto kills what I just ate.  The pizza wasn't terrible but it wasn't great in the same sense.  Little chunks of prosciutto and an over abundance of artichoke and green onion to mask the flavor of the prosciutto.  Also, if you look and the photo I uploaded you can tell there are way too many green onions on a couple of pieces than others.

For those movie fans out there, you all know from Casino with De Niro and Pesci "you need an equal amount of blueberries in each muffin" hahaha.  Overall, just didn't stick out as a place I would ever return to for pizza and its in the freakin name of the restaurant.... come on!!!
I've eaten here many times since it opened up a couple years ago. When we want to eat out and can't decide where to go we usually end up coming here since it has decent food, a diverse menu and is kid-friendly. Here's a rundown of some of the things I've tried:

- Mini duck tacos: good
- Hummus: good, but nothing special
- Thin crust pizzas: I love the Dorthea Sundried tomato pizza, it's probably one of my favorite items; Brie cheese pizza is also very good. Pass on the kobe beef pizza... blah
- Woodfired pizzas: most are solid choices, but not spectacular. The ones I would get again are the Hawaiian, the Thai chicken, garlic chicken, BBQ chicken, or goat cheese.
- Fettuccine alfredo: ehh... pass
- kobe beef burger: not worth it, if you want a burger go someplace else
- grilled shrimp salad: tastes great, the larger order is big enough for 2 people
- risotto: no longer on the menu, which is a good thing because I didn't like it

So, if you come here get a pizza or a salad. Those are your best bets. If you have kids they'll probably find something on the menu that they'll like. The service is usually good, although during peak dining hours expect a wait to get your food.
Was in the mood for some light fare since my Vegas trip mostly consisted of an all-you-can-eat smorgasbord.  This place was close by to the cuzzo's, and I had eaten here before.  We seemed to be in a goat cheese state of mind because we ordered the beet salad (with goat cheese), a small grilled shrimp salad with feta, and a goat cheese pizza with sauteed mushrooms.

They were all tasty and the portions were decent.  Not amazing fare, but satisfying.  Service was friendly although a bit too slow considering that it wasn't during a peak hour.
Treated to a nice dinner by a friend. We had wine, Shrimp Salad and Duck Tacos. 

The Duck Tacos were so good. It had a white creamy sauce with a delicate taste, crunchy cabbage and mini hard shell taco.  

The Shrimp Salad was served with balsamic vinaigrette, Gorgonzola cheese and sunflower seeds.  

This was my first time at Sammy's ever and next time I will catch the happy hour, which is between 4 to 6pm.
I love thin crust pizzas and Sammy's Woodfire does them the way I like it! 

* Brie Cheese with Truffle Oil Artisan Thin Crust Pizza "From the coast of Brittany, with fresh sauteed wild mushrooms."($11.95) - Yum!  I love the flakiness of the baked crispy French style dough.  I think almost anything would be good on this kind of dough!  The thinner the better! 

* Diavola Rustic Neapolitan Pizza "Salami, smoked Gouda, fresh mozzarella, roasted red bell peppers, spinach, crushed red chilies, with our homemade sauce." ($10.95) - A pretty looking pizza with thick slices of salami that are hard to miss.  The Husband liked this, but was digging my artisan thin crust even more! 

It's only our second time ever at a Sammy's Woodfire and we usually stick to the pizzas only despite them offering so much other kinds of foods.

Service - Jason was our waiter and what a friendly guy he was.  No complaints at all - personable and enjoyable!

Sidenote: They have diaper changing stations in both the women's AND the men's restrooms!  So, I would say they definitely make this place baby friendly!
I enjoy Sammy's.  My family & I eat at Sammy's often.  I was meeting a colleague here for lunch and have never been to this particular location.  I think it's one of the newer locations in town.

The service was pretty good, our server made sure our iced teas were kept full.

Since it was a business lunch, I decided not to pig out and went for the Kobe Cheeseburger Sliders.  Normally, I would get a pizza and some appetizers, but I didn't have my wife, son, and mother to back me up and help me out with the chow....so, sliders it was.

They were cooked to my liking and I love how they are topped with Gorgonzola & Cheddar Cheese.....yum!  The only bad thing is that I really didn't want fries and I'm not a fan of Cole Slaw....but there was no substitutes, so I went with the fries....there went the diet!  I asked about a side salad and the server said the only size of side salad they had could feed 2 people!  What the hell?!  I hope they change that somewhere down the road because I can't pig out like that on business lunches.

In any case, the lunch was enjoyable.

Will I return?  You bet your Sammy's I will!
great pizza great duck tacos, wish they were open later
One of the best Happy Hours in town. 4-6pm Half off all the Tapas (apps) and their beer and wine. We brought the family in and ordered a bottle of wine, and six tapas and walked out stuffed for under $45.00.
TAPAS AND HAPPY HOUR!  

lets see... duck tacos and crispy coconut shrimp:  SO good.
everything on the tapas menu is good.  down to the kobe beef hummus.  i'm not a big fan of hummus, but their hummus is actually pretty good.  

the mac and cheese is perfectly smokey and rich... and the steak skewers are juicy and tender.   these items alone are primo.

come with a group of friends during happy hour and try the tapas menu and share... you'll get enough for your buck for sure.

ps:  i don't think i've ever had the pizza here... [ha!]  
what i do know is that my son doesn't like the cheese pizza because there isn't enough cheese on it.. it's like an artisan cheese pizza with thin ass crust so he wasn't a big fan.
Ok I'm kind of a chain snob. That being said, I like this place. The food's ok, but the best thing about this place? Happy Hour!!!

Duck tacos and coconut shrimp. Lettuce wraps and kabobs. It's all good and it's all cheap. 

Ding. Ding. Ding. Everyone's a winner!  Well, maybe not the mixed drink lovers out there. Their happy hour drink menu only includes beer and wine, so keep in mind.

Don't forget to sign up online for lots of discounts and specials!
The angel hair shrimp pasta was the best dish I have had at this location or at any Sammy's. I decided to visit this location because it is much closer to where I live than the Sahara road spot. Beware of gift cards from Sammy's. Make sure you use the entire amount. They won't allow you to get anything just minutes after realizing the remainder doesn't get returned in a gift card balance.

This location was clean and has booths that are a step up from the main floor, which is interesting. The bar area is located very close to the kitchen. That is a cool idea so people can watch chef's cook up the hot dishes. Live action kitchens are always fun in restaurants.
A nice place to go for salads - their beet salad is particularly enjoyable. Service can be a little heavy handed and their wine selection is poor.
Sammy's is a favorite on my list. It is conveniently located near 215  and Rainbow South. This location does get busy around lunch and dinner peak times, so get there early enough to get a seat. They offer happy hour 4-6 pm on Tapas and drinks, always a plus in my book! 
We ordered the Parmesan crusted artichokes stuffed with goat cheese.Need I say more? Tasty and full of flavor.
For dinner I had the Mahi Mahi fish tacos, with pico de gallo and guacamole with a side of coleslaw. This is always tasty with a good helping of the Mahi Mahi. 
Our food came quick ,even at a busy time.
Our server was very friendly with a personality plus! 
For your dessert they offer many options , from Ice cream sundae's to cotton candy dusted in cocoa powder to our choice every time... Caramel apple empanadas-yummy! Sammy's is a delight!!
Oh my god this place is full of yum. Boyfriend and I came in at 6, barely missing happy hour. They offered to let us order some things off the HH menu anyways which was pretty cool. Since we were waiting for one more person, we decided to pass.

We had the house salad which was so good, kalamata olives, red onion, red peppers and romaine lettuce with a balsamic vinaigrette maybe? It was very good with a good bite to it. Next we had two pizzas, the feta manouri on thin crust and the pear&goat cheese on whole wheat crust. Feta manouri was very mild with yummy feta cheese and a little drizzle of honey. It's not really too sweet and has a very good balance of flavors. The pear and goat cheese was AMAZING! Flavors just melt in your mouth. The whole wheat crust is very soft and tasty! We didn't order dessert because we were stuffed. We plan to return for happy hour and maybe some dessert..can't wait!
So satisfied with this place everytime I come, Each time I have been sat promptly without a wait, the menu has lots of options , just want to mention two of my favorites the hummus app. and Mahi tacos, yummmy to die for you will not leave unsatisfied! Portions are just right and not too overwhelming. They have a gluten free option,  unfortunately Wish the prices were a bit lower but this will not stop me form coming back.
My dad and I had lunch here today.  We were in a huge hurry.  The waitress rushed our order so we could get out on time.  Pizza was still awesome and service was the best!
I love Sammy's!!   The service is always fast and friedly, and the food is sooo good!!  There is not 1 thing I ordered from there that I did not like.  And don't forget to get the Messy Sundae for dessert!!  YUMMY!!
Went to Sammy's on a Friday around 5 p.m. It wasn't too busy and was seated fairly quickly.  That's about it, no waiter ever came around to greet us, get our drinks or our order.  We waited about 15 minutes watching all the other tables get served except ours.  I will not ever come back to this place again! Poor Service.
Great pizza & caesar salad.  Will definitely go back.
This chain restaurant which is right in front of a chilli's didn't impressed me one bit. The food is overpriced for what you get. The NY pizza we order was ok and nothing all that special on flavor or quality.
The vegetarian salad we order came w a bit to much sauce and it's flavor wasn't balanced and to everything else the salad they sent at first was not even the right one. I couldn't recommend this place to anyone and you would be better served by eating pizza at a PT'S PUB.
I come here for their duck tacos! You can get them for half off during happy hour from 4-6pm. I'm completely obsessed with them.  
As for the rest of their food, I haven't had anything from them that I wasn't happy with. Pizzas are good! However, sometimes service is kind of...mediocre. But for the food quality and happy hour, I give this place 4 stars.
5 Stars for one reason only. The wood fired Mac & Cheese is amazing.  I go to Sammy's for this dish and this dish only.  My only complaint is the size.  I usually need to order 2 dishes to fill me up for a complete meal.  This is a must try for anyone who likes Mac & Cheese.
We love the place and are regulars. The service is always good and the atmosphere always nice. So I gave it 2 stars because of the new gluten free crust, not so bueno.
Delicious salads. I love the goat cheese pizza.
Soup was good...shrimp salad was good.
Price is always more than nearby competitors, but it's a little better suited for business luncheons.

I think they're cutting back on the shrimp count in those salads....maybe trying to increase profit margin a little?

Always good service and a clean, quality atmosphere.
I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just didn't cut the mustard, twice!

My first trip in memory was about a month ago to this location during late lunch.  The place was fairly empty, but the waitress was abrupt and seemed to be in a hurry.  I was in no hurry, as I was dining and catching up with a dear friend.  I felt rushed to order my food and didn't get a great look at the menu.

We started with the hummus, which was some of the best hummus I've ever had.  It was light though on the flat bread.  A clear uneven match of pita bread to the large hummus dish.  I would normally requested more, but I was too busy chit-chatting and had plenty of my main dish to eat, anyways.

I was torn between a salad and the pizza, and went with the pizza since the place is called wood fired pizza.  I went with the Tuscan and was warned by the waitress that it is topped with arugula.  I normally have no problems with arugula, so I was not deterred.  My friend got one of her known favorites, the chopped chicken salad.

Maybe I should have tried her salad instead of the pizza, since she raved about it and it looked delish.  My pizza came out and was a soggy mess.  The arugula was not chopped or cooked really and overtook the pizza.  Probably wouldn't have been so bad if the entire non-edge part of the pizza wasn't soggy.  It was also a semi-strange flavor.  I won't contribute the flavor to not liking that type of veggie pizza because it is the type I order at many other restaurants.  My husband also got the margarita pizza at another Sammy's a different day and it was also a soggy mess.

On another trip to another Sammy's I decided to try the salad, since my friend's was so wonderful the previous trip.  This time I went with the Balsamic Grilled Chicken salad, and I was, again, unimpressed.

I don't want to say I give up on Sammy's since the menu has soo many other great sounding dishes, but I have thus far been unimpressed.  On my list to try at Sammy's is the Greek salad, the Lobster Bisque, the chopped pepperoni salad, and maybe the grilled shrimp tacos.  I won't be in any hurry to try the pizzas again though.
I couldn't think of a reason to rate any less than 5 stars. 

Service: courteous and prompt. 

Atmosphere: Busy but not crowded. 

Food quality: Always impeccable. 

I highly recommend the tomato basil soup, a glass of the truly delicious house red, and honestly, order the balsamic grilled chicken salad (half order. Full salads are ginormous!). It trumps even the pizzas!
The food is great. There are only two negatives 1.this is a very family/kid friendly place and can sometimes be loud 2.there are one or two semi-rude waiters. Otherwise Sammy's is great!!
Sammy's is our go-to, close to home, I don't feel like cooking kind of place. Portions are good, food is quality and fresh and the service is great. The restaurant is pretty small, but satisfactory for parties of 2-6. I wouldn't recommend this if you had a large group. Bar area is just "meh" so I wouldn't recommend Sammys if you want to watch sports and hang out at a bar. This is perfect for a lunch with coworkers, dinner with the kids or a causal couples dinner (not a date).

Some of our favorites are:

Hummus Appetizer
Thai Chicken Satay
Chinese Chicken Salad
Pear & Arugula Pizza
Sicilian Rustic Pizza
Mahi Tacos
Thai Chicken Salad

PS: for salads ALWAYS order a half order. They are huge.
I've been to this Sammy's location a few times now, and every time it's the same mediocre experience.  It takes 10 minutes just to choose something from the monstrous menu, and by the end of the experience, only my hunger is satisfied. I don't know about you, but I usually go to a restaurant for more than just filling my gut.  Let me explain.

The Sammy's menu doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.  Yes, their main draw is pizza, and they dedicate an entire page to this noble cause.  But then you flip the page, and they have a bunch of tapas dishes.  Okay... I don't get it, but I'll go along.  Then you flip the next page, and there's full-on entree dishes with no clear theme.  I know that variety is good, but I also expect some cohesion among your menu items.  For me, it just makes the decision process difficult.  Nothing stands out among the random dishes.

As for the execution of the food, I've never had a memorable experience here.  I was hungry when I came in, and now I'm not.  Hunger has been quelled, and that's about it.  I've tried the flatbread pizza (bbq chicken, maybe?) and oak roasted chicken with asparagus.  I've tried something else, but I don't remember (and I usually remember what I eat). 

It's a decent atmosphere for business luncheons, but I wouldn't choose it on my own dime.
If you get a chance to visit Sammy's on rainbow make sure that you ask for Casey as your server. He is the only server there that does his job correctly and well. My boyfriend and I go in there all of the time and we always ask for Casey because any time that we have not had him service has been the worst.  I have actually tried moving tables before to get away from the server I had, be aware of an angry looking Asian girl. I wish I could remember her name because she was so bad. 
Anyways, food is amazing and casey is wonderful. My boyfriend and I have just learned to only go in on his shifts so we are not disappointed.
Parking on Saturday night around 7 pm was fair but not great.  Fast seating with no wait.
We got appetizers of edimame and pork fried dumplings.
Then for main dishes was Thai chicken pizza, garlic shrimp pizza and shrimp angel hair pasta. All dishes looked great and tasted great.
Service was ON tonight. So you're good to go.
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (11 of 365).

The best time to come here: HAPPY HOUR!  All tapas are half off!

Must order items:
- Duck Tacos!  My ultimate favorite tapas plate here!
- Crispy Coconut Shrimp
- Mac n' Cheese
- Dumplings

Dessert must try: Mini donuts w/ a side of ice cream. Yum!

This is a great place to come in a small group and share the small plates paired with a glass of wine.  Waiters/Waitresses are super nice here, and the ambiance is splendid.  Make sure to be seated at a booth!  Great date place too!
Special offer through yelp does not work. Called and they claim an email will be sent, never came in 5 days.  Misleading advertising is not the way to attract new customers. 

Update, owner msg'd me and made an offer to make it right (i do not plan on going though). Good on Sammys to take care of problems, for that 3 stars.
If you get the chance to have Albert wait on you, it will be a pleasure. He was friendly and personable. Knowledgeable about his menu and gave great service. The food is amazing here. We had coconut shrimp, chicken tequila fettuccine, among other things. Management was extremely friendly as well, making sure to touch the tables which is always nice. Aaron, the GM, obviously cares a lot about his restaurant.
Good salads and pizza but it always takes a long time...even when we just order salads....But it's a good place for a casual bite, I come here often. Try the Thai Chicken Salad!
Can never go wrong with the salads or the pizza.  And some chicken satays to start.  Fantastic!
I love the duck! The sundae that overflows like lava! And most of all the pizza...but again I hate the pricing!!!
Went to Sammy's yesterday and had Shiloh as our waitress. She was very knowledgable about the menu and extremely friendly. Ask for Shiloh if you get a chance, you will be very pleased with your service. They also have a manager named Angela who is always walking around making sure that her guests walk away satisfied and happy. It's always nice to see a manager who is active on the floor and genuinely concerned about her guests.
My favorite thing about this place is the hummus. The pita and hummus are the best part of the menu. Great flavor and pita are always served hot. It leaves you smelling a bit garlicky, so make sure your date has a few bites, too. That way you both smell the same.
I heard a lot about this place. I wasn't impressed.  I have for sure had better. 
For the price it just wasn't that special. I thought my pizza was a bit too greasy. I know the pizza is wood fired but when the whole bottom is black there is a problem. The outer crust looked perfect the the bottom was just not the same. I had just 1 beverage the whole time and never got a refill. I felt the server was too overwhelmed to pay attention to our table. I brought it to the managers attention who simply replied back with "we get busy and it just happens". When it comes to pizza this place doesn't cut it for me.
The prosciutto pizza was good nor great. The beet salad was a little over dressed. The shrimp coconut skewers were fantastic. Service was excellent.
Seems to be the local place to hang out, the place was packed. Large selection of food, I ordered a Salami and sausage pizza, although it was good its just not as good as the pizza inside the Caesars forum shops. I wish we had got her name but our server was outstanding and was working her but off, I will return here again soon
The new menu is terrific!  We were on vacation and decided to try something other than the national chain -Chilis -which was next door.
Boy were we glad we did.  I had the Ono tacos with slaws which was very good.
Husband had the Brie & truffle oil pizza (with sauted mushrooms).  Very popular with everyone and not at all heavy as you might think.  The crust was awesome!
The kids' meals were good also.  Our girl actually finished her pepperoni pizza!  Which is a feat in itself!
Highly recommended!!!
Alright. I am giving this place the benefit of 2 stars when it was a 1.5 star experience. First, our waiter was inattentive--no refills at all, didn't come by to check on us after he delivered our food, and nary a smile in sight. 

I should have stuck with the pizza or salad--what I had initially wanted until I saw a Tequila-Lime Chicken Fettucine. Always looking for inventive dishes, I made up my mind quickly and ordered that. When it arrived it had zero flavor and was sitting in a puddle of oil--usually meaning the sauce had separated because it was not fresh. I cannot stress enough how much this tasted like nothing: not tequila, not lime, not really even the oil it was bathing in. I was really disappointed.

My aunt ordered a Greek salad--slightly more flavorful, but really lacking the true "Greek-ness" I would like in a salad. The winner of the afternoon, and what I should have ordered, was the pizza that my cousin ordered. Just a plain cheese and pretty flavorful, though what is going on with the crust? I dunno, it seemed, again, lacking in flavor. 

Having never been to Sammy's and not really even knowing it existed until today, I am really not impressed. I found it truly gross and disappointing. I liked the decor--it was clean and didn't seem like it was in a strip mall. But I will not be back to this or any Sammy's.
The service was mediocre.   Drinks were not re-filled very quickly at all and I was sucking on ice a lot.   And I can't really speak to the pizza since my entire table ordered salads.

My chicken caesar wasn't bad.  I probably would have preferred more caesar dressing, and for the extra $4 or $6 for half chicken (I forget the exact amount), a little better job on that, but overall, it was a good salad.

Good for lunch, but it's a little bit on the pricey end for salads (over $10 for just the salad).  It was a huge portion, but then again, it wasn't like some seriously pricey greens.
I finally decided to try this place after hearing so many good things about it and I was surprisingly shocked at how much I enjoyed the food. 

I went here for lunch with my bf and his mother the other day we also had our newborn with us. So when we get seated the waitress basically tells us that there are no accommodations to set up a baby so we had to put her carrier on the booth seat and have us all on top of each other. After looking over the menu we decided to order the bbq chicken pizza and the meatball pizza both were very delicious and filling I also liked the tropical iced tea mmm mmm good. 

Overall the food was good service was ok, I would have given it 4 stars but i had to take off a star for the fact that they don't accommodate children they don't have the proper seating nor do they have a menu for kids which is important to me seeing that I have 2 kids.
Food was delicious, service was great. Nice wine selection.
Medicore food at best. I had the Kobe Beef sliders and my hubby had the hawaiian pizza. My sliders tasted lke cheap cafeteria meat but the fries were good. Hubby said he had better pizza at pizza hut. The service was ok. Our waitress was a bit flirty for my taste and the manager who was cleaning tables kep staring at us like we stole something. Not impressed! This military family "Will not return"...!!!
Had lunch with some friends.  One thing I noticed about my food choices lately is that I tend to eat something from a restaurant that they do not specialize in.  I recently gone to seafood restaurants and got a steak.  Cheeseburger joints and got chicken.  Even a Mexican restaurant and got a hamburger.  And now a pizza place and ended up getting a salmon fillet with their lobster bisque.  

I have to say, not too many places can mess up salmon.  This place was no different.  The salmon was made just right, grilled, tasty, and flaky.  The waitress was extra helpful too.  I originally requested for 2 fillets because one is never enough for me.  She told me to just order one and she'll find the largest piece for me.  I guess she knew that I needed at least 8 oz to be satisfied.  I got about 8 oz like she promised.  12 oz would have been perfect though. But beggars can't be choosers.  

My group was a bit rowdy for lunch.  I'm glad that there wasn't too many kids around because we went overboard a couple of time.  Our waitress was very helpful and what I liked the most, she never interrupted our conversation.  When it came to the bill, each of us handed separate cards.  Without even asking, the waitress split the bills for us.  I never got our waitress's name, but she was great.  It's not easily dealing with a rowdy group like us.  

Tons of eats in this shopping center.  For lunch time, wasn't busy at all.  Next time I come in, I promise to get a pizza.
Pizza was good, service prompt
Visit Sammy's if you want to relax and unwind after a long day over a glass of wine and great food...Their happy hour offers some if their best appetizers at half price, so get her early! Try their Mediterranean cream cheese appetizer as it is one of the tastiest starters they have.

The entrees menu is eclectic and varied, so you will be sure to find something you like at this restaurant. And if you are in the mood try one of their thin-crust pizza! I promise you will be back for more.
Meh. We were looking for food out by my grandparent's place in the Vegas outskirts. They wanted Pizza Hut, but the rest of us wanted something "better". Wood-fired pizza sounded like it'd hit the spot.

Upon being seated we were presented with our low-contrast menus. The low light--unnecessary for a pizza joint even if it's supposed to be "fancy"--made them almost impossible to read. The options looked good enough: normal "meat" pies, pies with arugula and balsamic, bbq chicken... we got one of each. I got some pot stickers because I had a feeling that "gourmet" meant "small".

The potstickers were of the previously-frozen variety (I know, what should I expect from potstickers from a pizza joint) and were tasty, but nothing I couldn't have gotten from Trader Joe's. The pizzas were better than previously-frozen quality, but they were like that guy in the bar trying so hard to be cool but just looked like a dick. The crust was fine but did not have much of a "wood fired" flavor. The toppings were ok, but nothing really wowed us.

Our server tried to be friendly, but like everything else at this place seemed a bit awkward and out of place. The ambient noise--a feature of the tile floors and solid walls more than anything actually going on--made it difficult for us to hear each other, further frustrating the situation.

I can't believe I'm recommending Chili's, but it *is* across the parking lot from this place and you know what you're getting...
Never had bad food or service but that was not the case at this location. 

Went in today for lunch. Ordered the Spicy Thai Chicken Salad and tea. 

The server brought us our drinks but not all together. With very little ice, it was the only tea I drank, never asked about a refill. 

We had to ask for a bread basket, which the flat bread was burnt. I'm surprised it was served to us, I know the guy dishing it out could tell, not sure why he still put it on the plate. 

My salad came - appeared nice. Unfortunately the chicken was dry and there was no spice. The dressing is like a sour viniagrette, no kick there or really that much flavor.. then after digging into the salad, notice a lot of the lettuce had better days earlier that week. 

Finally saw the server again, we asked for the bill. 
Will try it out again, most likely another location.
There is not one bad dish on their menu. Go during happy hour and get crazy with their appetizers! 
Also their salad dressings are fresh and incredibly tasty.
Great service. Great food. Their ambiance is on the louder side. Not the best place to take a client for business conversations, but at the same time its a nice casual atmosphere. The food is great. Their salads are huge. Their appetizers are unique and tasty and the pizzas are really good. All fresh. Mostly organic ingredients. I really want to try their cotton candy. Overall, great place for dinner or lunch for casual american food.
This is one of my favorite places awesome appetizers. Killer pizzas and huge salads  Have always received great service !! Top notch waiters and management. Parmesan Crusted Artichokes are out of this world !!  and great Kobe sliders ask for both cheeses on it..
Mmmmm. On a pretty strict diet...had gluten free crust, vegan cheese, and the vegetarian pizza. Tasted better than any vegetarian pizza I've ever had. But food aside...our waitress, Katie, was amazing!  Personable. Attentive. Knowledgeable. Just a joy! We'll be back...!
Happy Easter! Bottomless mimosas!

Belated birthday "happiest hour"

Home of the "happiest hour" from 3-6pm every day! This includes half priced all tapas (appetizers) & $2 off beer and wine. Their service never lets me down. I always let my server know of my gluten allergy and they ensure proper food handling. They offer enough tapas to please just about everyone; from garlic cheesy bread to crispy tofu, and duck tacos. There are about half a dozen options that are gluten free (or can be modified to be gf) and also vegan tapas. Pizza crusts range from gluten-free, whole wheat, thin artisan, or traditional. The salads are ginormous!! And again, many salads (with dressing) is gf. Water, bread and butter are served upon request. They bring water out in a recycled glass water bottle with a rubberized pop top. Looks really classy and they take the time fill those bottles with their filtered water, just goes to show how much they care about presentation and service.

Now for my order:

~Baba Ghanoush- AMAZING! Well, that is if you're a garlic fan. For those of you who are not used to that heavy pungent flavor, start with a small scoop! It is very good and you can (literally) taste the antioxidants working! I get this gf so they serve it with bibb lettuce or gf bread (which is the gf pizza crust).

~Edamame- served warm with toasted sesame seeds. That is what it is. This tapa costs $6, so I would recommend getting during HH when it's half off.

~Hummus- also delicious and garlicky but not nearly as strong as the baba ghanoush. Again, gf style served with bibb lettuce or gf bread. Regular way is with flat bread.

~Oak Roasted Asparagus- Another brilliant tapa! They serve with shaved romano cheese, evoo, balsamic vinegar & prosciutto, but I leave that off. Roasted asparagus and balsamic is bomb! And the spears were nice and fat, very "meaty".

~Mini duck tacos- I was told was awesome. The plate had looked like he licked it clean within 10 minutes of receiving the dish! Six mini hard tacos are served with cabbage, tomato, feta, and a cilantro sauce with fresh cilantro.

~Red Quinoa salad- Another fabulous dish! Served as a huge mound that could be eaten as a meal on its own with leftovers to take home, that;s how big it is. The red quinoa is mixed with wild arugula, golden beets, tomatoes, avocado, red onion, parsley, mint, scallions, chopped almonds, and dressed with a citrus vinaigrette. It was so fresh and clean tasting, just a breath of fresh air. Very good and it was hard for me to stop eating. There was a serving leftover that I took home and ate for lunch the next day and it held up just fine. 

~Garlic Shrimp Pizza- First of all, I have not tried a pizza at Sammy's that I disliked. This pizza was served with garlic sauce rather than a tomato based one, sauteed mushrooms, bell peppers & red onion and of course I ordered mine on a gluten free crust. My only gripe would be that the shrimp were scant and the ingredients were strewn about the pizza. 

~Messy Sundae- This is their trademark dessert and literally is messy. They dip a large wine glass into hot fudge, filled half with vanilla ice cream and half with whipped cream. Also topped with caramel sauce and chopped walnuts and of course a maraschino cherry to complete the sundae look. It tasted as good as it looked! HELLO! Worth the extra calories, but it's big so can be shared between 2-4 people. Also, gluten free.

Their service is nothing but exceptional and the wait staff are helpful and genuine. I recommend going during HH so you get some sort of deal. If you sign up for their pizza club, they email you a certificate for a few pizza on your next visit. They also have weekly specials where there is something different on each day. For example, on Sunday's they "Supper Sunday's" where you get a tapa, a salad, and a pizza for $25, that's a great deal!!! I believe that special is good all day and not just for supper.
First time I've eaten at Sammy's.  I ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese appetizer, my BF ordered the Duck Tacos.  We split a  10" Pizza and a Messy Sundae.

The food was good.  But for the money I think the portions were way too small.  The server was pleasant.

The bill came, and it was wrong.  We went on a Tuesday and they were offering half off a second appetizer which was charged at full price.  I'd recommend checking your ticket before handing over your money.

Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but for the $60 I spent I think I would probably choose another place to eat.
Hunnie Bunnie Date Night. I had to convince her there were other restaurants she could get pasta at and not just the Cheesecake Factory. So I Yelped some nearby places and Sammy's came up. 
We decided to sit out on the small patio and enjoy the beautiful evening weather. She got the kids Pappardelle with marinara sauce and I got the Chicken Tequila Fettucine Spinach w/bell peppers, red onion, jalapeo, tequila-lime cream sauce - the noodles were a little overcooked BUT the dish itself was pretty good! I didn't think it was spicy AT ALL and I DUMPED red pepper flakes on it =) LOL.
DELISH!!  my husband and i sat on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful weather; along with a bottle of half-priced wine wednesday merlot (14 hands).  our caesar salad was spicy and delicious, lobster mac n cheese was cheesy and flavorful and the new york pizza left me wanting more!  no seriously, on the way home i told my husband we should've taken one to go!  our server James was friendly and attentive.  all in all a great first time experience, we will be back!
Really excited about the refreshed menu.  Hadn't been there in a while, but dropped in for lunch and to my delight discovered some new Vegan salads!  Love the Quinoa and  Avocado salad.  yum!
Wasn't happy with my dinner date at Sammy's.. My date and I were heading over for dinner when my date decided we had to go eat pizza at this place. I was ok whatever. I was really in the mood to eat at chili's. So we went in and I wanted to sit out side and my date wanted to eat inside. The host heard us arguing and my date mentioned that I didn't want to eat here and wanted to go to chili's. Anyways the host had to mention that chili's uses microwave to heat up food. At this point I was over this conversation. We sat outside when the waitress came over to get our drinks and the first thing out of her mouth was "who is the one who doesn't want to eat here?" How rude is that to ask a guest??? That really pissed me off. So I tried to calm down and ask the waitress how do they do their Babaganush? then she started arguing with me how they do it and they don't use mayo in the Babaganush. I am middle eastern and I know how its supposed to be done. So I ordered the hummus to be safe. The Hummus wasn't fresh nor home made. It tasted like it came from a container added with some oil, parsley and paprika for $9. Plus I ordered Blue Moon which you can get twice the size of that at chili's for half the price. Sorry but I wont not recommend this place to a friend.
I definitely think the pizza is flavorful and portions are adequate, however every time I've gone to this location the waiter/waitress has messed up some part of my order. They are personable and nice, but that doesn't compensate for the fact they have never gotten a simple order correct. The service time is poor and the Resteraunt is noisy. But I would go back because of sheer flavor!
Duck tacos, shrimp artichoke dip,shrimp and grits,salads,brie cheese truffle oil pizza, kobe beef mini cheese burgers, guys the list goes on... for their desserts  their messy chocolate sundae. Always one of our favs period
I've been here probably 30 times since they opened. Overall this is a great place and fairly consistent.  The pizzas are very good and the salads kick much salad ass! Beer and wine only with decent happy hour that goes until 6 PM.

Service is generally good, have had a few times where service was spotty, but overall good.  There menu changed (I think all Sammy's did) and very happy they have the "old menu" back. Will be back. My kids love it too.  Sign up for their email list, they send good specials.
I wanted pizza but the bf isn't keen on unhealthy foods (food nazi!! Haha!) so we agreed to meet halfway at Sammy's. We were seated right away, drink orders taken and delivered promptly, everything was turning out great! We ordered our meals, I got a custom 5 cheese and pep pizza, bf got his huge Greek salad (which I shared) and decided even to get his own margherita pizza. Then I got a beer. Lol. Food was fantastic, service was impeccable. Our server Alan was ON IT! I never had to wonder where the server was, if he forgot about us, or if he just plain didn't care. He DID care and it was very present in every way. Good job Sammy's for hiring such a great guy!! Overall atmosphere and vibe was relaxed and warm... Pleasant would be the perfect way to describe a fantastic end to my fantastic weekend. We will be back. :) Great job Sammy's!!
This place is great. Never had something here that I didn't like. I definitely recommend the Duck Tacos. Wow!
I've been here at least a dozen times and the service has always been great!
Sammy's is MY PLACE. Always get the duck tacos. I have strayed from their AMAZING pizzas as of late because their salads ROCK! Plus, you can NEVER go wrong with their white whine special of the day. Always crisp, tasty and refreshing.
Great service...had a birthday party and they were very accommodating! Happy hour 3 - 6pm. Food is excellent...order duck tacos tapas!
If your going to have pizza in your name, do it right. For that price on a personal pizza it's not worth it. Staff is nice and clean environment, but we won't return.
Was extremely surprised when I walked into Sammy's for the first time and found out that they are not just a straight Italian place. I was pleasantly surprised and loved the menu options. We ordered the burrata and pesto pizza (I love, love, love burrata) and the Mediterranean Sampler appetizer with hummus, Baba ghanoush and a cheese spread. 

Food was fantastic... loved every bite of both dishes. Service was on point as well. Bit pricey but really good quality food so can't complain too much. Looking forward to going back and trying some more items.... they should just put burrata on everything :)
My friend & I stopped in for lunch before an afternoon of shopping. We were headed to the Chilis next door but the tapas sign out front caught our eye. More than just pizza!? Score. Tapas!? Double score! Since neither of us had ever been to a Sammy's & tapas were sounding good at the moment, we decided to check it out. 
We ordered the Thai chicken pizza, the Lebni cheese tapa & the parm crusted artichokes. 
1st, I must give major love & all props to the Parmesan crusted artichokes. Not exactly what I was expecting, since I didn't see the words Deep Fried Artichoke Heart anywhere in the description but eh, I'm not complaining. These made me want to slap my mama. So f'ing good. I'm currently craving them right now & trying to figure out how to convince my hubby to go pick some up. 
Lebni cheese- not my thing. Not bad, not good, just not up my alley, ya feel me? My friend loved it. 
Thai chicken pizza- not as thin crust as the waitress led us to believe it would be. It was just ok. I personally like Thai flavors on my pizza, even peanut sauce, my friend not so much, says she prefers that kinda thing cold. 
The service was just so-so. I asked for water with lemon. Then I had to ask 3 more times for the lemon. I should be used to this by now bc this always happens to me at every restaurant even though I always ask for "water with lemon please" when they ask what I want to drink. I think I need to just start bringing my own lemon with me everywhere. Then we also asked what spices were in the Lebni cheese appetizer & she said she really didn't know but would find out. I still don't know what the spices were. 
I don't think I'll ever be back for the pizza unless it's to try one of their supposedly thinner crusted  "artisan pizzas" but those artichoke hearts are going to be a hard habit to break!
Pizza is great and the service is excellent at this location. Every time we go here, I'm impressed by their friendliness and attentiveness. Better than the service you get at most restaurants on the Strip for a fraction of the cost.
Love this place! But pizza takes long time to come out since it is real wood fired! So i've usually went there to chill out with my friends while waiting a pizza and appetizers. Quality is awesome!!!
First visit after hearing rave reviews about the place. We went here for dinner on a busy Friday night.  Which is great as this shows how service is when they're jumping.  Husband had a pizza and liked it. Friends had pizza & salad and like them too.  I, on the other hand had the shrimp salad as an entre. I was told it was large and saw a few being served.  Sadly, there were only 5 (yes, 5) very, very small shrimp in a virtual jungle of greens.  I was hoping as the salad was an entre size, the protein would be substantial.  Wrong. I asked the server for a glass of ice and waited about 10 minutes when our meals were served to ask the manager serving if I could get a glass of ice.    Our group was thinking of ordering a kind of sundae to share, but it's served in a large wine glass and wouldn't be easy to share, I mentioned that it would be nice if we could get it in a bowl, but the waitress told us that's the way it was served.  period.  just didn't get it and did not offer to serve any other way. Also after using the facilities, I had to go and tell a manager that the ladies room was in need a check. I'm guessing the restrooms aren't checked too often.
The pizza crust had a bunch of, what I assumed was, cornmeal on the bottom. It really detracted from what could have been a decent pizza. There's steep competition in LV, as far as pizza goes. Sammy's needs to re-evaluate their pizza, if they want to compete with places like Grimaldis and California Pizza Kitchen. On a more positive note, the service was impeccable.
My mom and I had dinner here recently.  The place was very busy but the staff seemed to be handling it well.  We got seated right away and our waiter took our orders right away.  He then brought our drinks shortly afterwards. 

We both started with the lobster bisque.  The soup was very tasty, good chunks of lobster too.  For our entrees, I had the brie & truffle oil thin crust pizza with mushrooms.  It was delicious.  It was super thin crust so I could eat the whole thing and not be too stuffed.  The brie and truffle oil were not overpowering at all My mom had a thin crust pepperoni.  She really enjoyed it.  I had the leftovers the next day and they were tasty.  

Definitely a good local pizzeria that we will go back to often.
This is a place I will be going back to often.  I'm vegan and there's plenty tasty vegan dishes on the menu and there's pizza for the kids!  They even have the option for whole grain doe and that was exciting.  The service was amazing and that is so important to us.  The waitress was soo sweet and knew what we wanted before we even asked.  Love this place!
Visited Sammy's for lunch.  We had the lobster bisque soup & the Goat cheese pizza. Both were excellent! The pizza was made with with fresh goat cheese, spinach, mozzarella cheese, red onion & garlic.  The crust was delicious and buttery.  Definitely will be returning to Sammy's soon!
Came here in hopes for a good dinner when I saw the average rating was 4 stars.

Ordered the hummus (too oily), balsamic chicken salad (drowning in dressing luckily chicken was savable), coconut shrimp (decent can't really mess up anything fried), fish tacos (blah, not worth ordering).

Although my dinner date believes this review deserves 3 stars, I defer not. He needs to get a yelp account and stop back seat yelping lol.

customer service needs to tighten up... it wasn't even busy. 

Not for me.

Waste of money.
Ok, here's some straight up truth. I googled to find the best wood fired pizza in Vegas and was led here. Was it good, yes...was it the best in Vegas? I hope not. The toppings were good, the crust...hmmm...I prefer a lighter airy crispy crust. But everyone's different. The tapas were good, the service was ok. I would have given them a 3 star but now we come to the MESSY SUNDAE! That earned the 4th star! Save room n share!
FIRST TIME PATRONS I was excited to dine here.  Right from the start I was impressed with the waitstaff!  We were seated right away and our server arrived promptly.  I noticed the advertisement for "The Happiest Hour" Daily 3-6 $2.00 off All beer and wine.  So I order a glass of wine.  The pizza we ordered was delicious, we had the Margherita and Garlic pizza .  We also ordered the cotton candy dessert to go.  When the check arrived it had $12.00 for the glass of wine.  When I inquired about it, our server said, "Oh I'm sorry I forgot to deduct $2.00 off".  COMPLETELY STUNNED I said "$10.00 for a glass of wine is not a "happy hour" price and if that's the case  then cancel the cotton candy."  Her response was quick and said she would comp the dessert. We walked out the door with a plastic shopping bag stuffed with Cotten candy and a check totaling $45.00 for 2 pizzas and a glass of wine.  Pathetic to say the least.  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS AND WILL NOT BE RETURNING.
I ha email been here numerous times,  everything I or anyone I have come here with has been great.   Quality,  price and the wait staff of great.   Really an all around top restaurant.   Our waiter today was Casey,  he is a true professional,  he is so easy and very prompt without it feeling rushed or pressured.  Love this place.
The place is bomb. 
I was really happy with this place. 
Clean. !!
Our server Danny was nice. 
I highly recommend this place and will be back for sure.
We came to this location for the first time last night.  We usually go to the one on Sahara since it's open late.

Great food and great service from our server Derek.  My friend and I ordered a glass of wine each.  Our server made some good recommendations.  The only thing we wish we would have known beforehand is that on Wednesdays wine bottles are half off.  There was a little flyer on our table, but it would have been nice if it were also mentioned.  

My boyfriend and I ordered duck tacos (amazing!!), a mozzarella & sundried tomato pizza, and the kobe beef sliders. All delicious!

My friend and her boyfriend ordered a caesar salad, garlic cheese bread, and a pepperoni pizza.  Again all good.  I liked the salad but everyone else thought that it was a bit strange.  Maybe it was the dressing.

We had a good time and it's always nice to have a personable server.

2 glasses of wine, 3 sangrias, 3 beers, 2 appetizers, 1 salad, 2 pizzas, and 1 order of sliders came out to $130.  It adds up quick but it was worth it.  We will be back!
Happy hour mini duck tacos amazing
My new favorite.  Give them a try. Outside patio on a sunny afternoon.  The happy hour beer and wine specials.
The fries are really good. The pizza and pastas are pretty good. Service is friendly. Bathrooms are as clean as can be. Definitely want to come here again.
This Place is most excellent.  It has:

a) Great atmosphere: cozy and comfortable, friendly waiters, interesting layout and decor.

b) Great Food:  The pizzas had crispy and tasty crust (perfectly cooked), the cheese and sauce were the perfect amount of taste (not overwhelming the pizza), the toppings where fresh and plentiful.

c) Not much waiting: Greeted and Seated right away.  Ordered withing five minutes of sitting.  Carafe of water at table is a plus.  Took about eight minutes to receive pizza.

d) Desert:  Monday is "Messy Sunday" Day.  Free "Messy Sunday" with an order over $30.  Here is the kicker.  The bill didn't quite make it to $30 but the waitress gave us one anyway.  It says a lot that they are willing to go the extra mile for their customers.

Definitely Try this place at least once.  Each pizza is a personal size.  I'd like to come back and try them all.
Cute, comfortable, friendly, cozy.  Great outdoor dining.  Salmon is wonderful here.
Duck tacos! Their pizza is horrendous, don't even think of getting it. Duck tacos! Grilled asparagus! Cotton candy! Oh, and duck tacos!
Came here with my man to check out their HH since we were hungry but didn't quite know what we wanted to eat so what better than a whole bunch of different apps/tapas to satisfy our cravings??? 

-Duck Tacos: my boyfriend hates duck but he liked these... Probably because there was really no duck taste to them but they did taste good.. Crunchy with lettuce, tomatoes, creme fraiche and cheese.
-Crispy Tofu: light crust comes with a delicious ginger dipping sauce.
-Mediterranean Plate? With hummus and baba ganoush.. I didn't have any but it looked nice
-Chicken Lettuce Cups: love the butter lettuce that comes with but the chicken filling was too salty 
-Chicken Satay: not bad, not great
-Truffle Fries: definite truffle taste to it... Yum! 

Service was great from server to the food runner! They even brought out a couple different dipping sauces when we just asked for ketchup! HH prices range from $3-$7 .. Great deal! 

HOT TIP: DAILY happy hour 3-6!!! Including $2 off all wine and beer~
So I have now stopped in here twice. Once on a Monday for lunch with girlfriend. We ordered the chop salad and the pizza with goat cheese to share. Sat on the patio and even though we sat on the patio by the street the server was still pleasant and polite. The reason is we were the only ones sitting on that side so she had to walk to get to us and never did I feel like we were bothering her. 
Second visit this last Friday afternoon around 4pm where I was seated inside. I find people on their phones during ordering to be rude with that said I was on my phone with my girlfriend in Ohio as I am her maid of honor in her upcoming wedding and phone calls are the only way we can go over plans. I apologized to the waiter who was very nice and even though I was on phone for 85% of my late lunch he never had an attitude with me and I never felt ignored. Kudos to him for that . I did have the chop salad again and it was just as good as before. This may become my new place for a quick lunch and a pretty good happy hour.
Sammy's is always great! The staff here were really accommodating and worked fast on a busy Saturday night! They have so many healthy options, I would recommend this place to others.
This place is pretty good. I had the chicken with the pesto and pine nuts and I really enjoyed it. It is light, but filling. Chicken is a little bland, but other flavors go great with it. My boyfriend had the Hawaiian style pizza and i'm not a fan of pineapples on my pizza so I didn't try it, but the crust was real good! Will be going back! Great Service. I have to also give acknowledgement to Casey! He's a great server.
I wanted to give em 3 stars, but couldn't, the quality is great , service superb, and prices right on spot.  I think I wanted to go less, due to previous experiences with the Sahara location, but this location rocks and I would go again.   Solid lunch stuff. salads and burgers off the hook!
Had a vegetarian pizza and watermelon mint drink. Both were delicious. Service was also excellent. It was a very clean place. I will absolutely go back to eat.
I was not impressed by this place...perhaps because pizza to me is pizza. Bread and sauce and toppings, it's the same to me. I guess I've been trying to look for a pizza that will blow me away. Apparently this place did not hit the spot. Just another plain jane in all the pizza I've had.

The waiter seemed quite aloof. I asked for bread and then 10 minutes passed and I had to ask again. Same to refilling the waters.

Pizza was pretty bland and not all impressed.
Food was great!! Service was good. Me and my fianc had the BBQ chicken pizza along with the Japanese Chicken Meatballs and Mediterranean sampler. Everything was great!! The meatballs were sweet and spicy and so were the cucumbers. The sampler was baba ganoush, Evoo and  something else with warm pita bread. It was really good. Prices were great also. Will definitely return!!
Pretty much tried what everyone in my family ordered and I can honestly say that everything is very well seasoned. I had the roasted chicken with the asparagus, potatoes and tomatoes. Very filling portions. The tequila lime chicken with the green fettuccine is also very good. Can't wait to try everything on the menu. Will definitely be coming back to this location.
Stopped by mid afternoon on Sunday and ordered salad and cocktail. Food is good and enough to take home.  Only issue is male server kept calling me sweetie or sweet heart.  Which I noticed he did to all female guests.
Service was excellent. Our server was very  knowledgable about the menu items and helpful with our decisions. The wait was a bit long, but that's unavoidable sometimes. We were happy to wait and glad we did. The hummus appetizer is delicious. I will definitely be back!!
Cheaper then grimaldies but just as good. Always have sales on their wines and drinks. I went in one night late and next thing I knee was that I was the last ones in the place and the waiter was super nice and didn't rush us. Felt bad so we left a nice tip!
I definitely recommend this place for an afternoon or early evening happy hour affair. They serve half priced flavorful tapas and $2 off beer and wine from 3pm-6pm. You can definitely fill up on food and drink for a very reasonable price if you take advantage of the happy hour!  I highly recommend their duck tacos and Japanese chicken meatballs...very tasty! They also offer a delicious gluten-free pizza with a variety of toppings to choose from if you so desire. The service is always good but occasionally it can be slow if they're busy.  Other than that, there's no other complaints that I think of???
I've never actually eaten in here; usually when we do Sammy's, we get take out and eat at home. The first time, I waited at the bar and had a pleasant Heineken and wait. We've been here a few time for what we like to think of as Fancy Pizza. We've tried the Arugula and Pear and the Prosciutto pizza, and they were both decent.

We ate it, we were happy, and it was tasty.

It's nothing to write home about, nothing that made us say "slap my momma, that's a good pizza pie!", but there's also nothing so wrong with it we felt bad going back. Yelp's "A-OK" seems to pretty thoroughly sum up my feelings for this place.

Pros: 
- Decent "Fancy pizza", nothing to sing epics about, but nothing wrong with it, either. 
- Easy Parking, short waits
- Friendly bartender
- Simple takeout.

Cons:
- Food is just "meh" sometimes
- Golf Country Club vibe.
It's always a great experience here.  The happy hour is awesome and plenty of food for two people to share.  I always go for the shishito peppers, hummus, fig and gorgonzola flatbread, and the brie with truffle oil and mushrooms.  I love that the also support local, organic and sustainable ingredients which make me feel better about what I'm eating here and what I am paying for.  The service has always been quick and friendly and some who have more personality than others make it even more fun to dine here.  This is one of my favorite spots.
If you must dine on chain Chinese, you could do worse in Las Vegas. Then again, you could probably also do a whole lot better.
I like chinese food. Why is it that I can't like this place?
This place just doesn't do it for me.  The food isn't bad, but it's definitely forgettable.  I just don't like being there, either.
It may have just been the days of drinking, but this midnight Chinese food was the best ever!
It's Saturday night, 10:30pm, we just got out of a show and we're totally hungry and utterly dehydrated.  Both of these facts make perfect sense.  We're hungry since we haven't eaten in the last 12 hours.  We're extremely dehydrated because all we've ingested over the same 12 hours are cocktails, martinis, ketel one with diet rockstar, basically all kinds of chemicals that make you feel drunk and/or wired, but most certainly do not replenish the water content of your body at the cellular level.   Since we're staying at the Aladdin, we decide to eat at P.F. Chang's as it's convenient and always good.

The wait for a table is 45 minutes so we opt to eat at the bar instead.  The bartender, Peter, and his assistant both totally rock and do a stellar job with impeccable service.  We start with drinks as I get yet another martini and my wife gets a pear mojito.  Before I ingest a drop of alcohol, though, I ask for a glass of ice water.  I then proceed to drink 7 glasses of water within the next 10 minutes before even touching my martini.  Clearly my basic bodily function have decided that my brain is too fucked up to make the right choice and the cells in my body decide that they need to unite against this tyrant who keeps feeding them alcohol instead of pure and rejuvenating water.   Thankfully, I'm not that stupid that I would fight such a primal urge, so I drink glass after glass after glass of H2O.   Although I get a quizzical look from the assistant behind the bar, she's happy to oblige and brings me glass after glass as fast as I drink them.

We got the crab wontons and the Peking potstickers as appetizers.  I then had the Dan Dan Noodles and my wife had the crispy orange beef.   The best, said she, crispy orange beef she has ever had the pleasure to eat at P.F. Chang's.   Now we've been to Woodland Hills, San Diego, Thousand Oaks, Walnut Creek, and Emeryville locations, so we're not newbies.   Still, by far, she said this dish shined far above any other she has ever had.  

I had the Dan Dan noodles, which were quite good and had a good spicy kick to 'em.   I gotta say though that after the 8 or 9 glasses of water that I drank and the crab wontons that I chomped on, I wasn't all that hungry at that point.  My eyes glazed over which typically means that I'll be snoring away within the next 15 minutes.   We took this as our cue to head back to the room for some well deserved sleep.
I'm not a super big fan of P.F. Chang's in general and would give 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll go with 4 this time. This location had some of the FRIENDLIEST, most helpful servers ever. We had a party of 22 and received NO attitude from the staff. We had a private room upstairs and were given the choice of 5 set menus OR ordering individually. (most restaurants wouldn't give the choice...it would be the set menu 4 sho for a group that large) They obviously wanted to keep us boozed up cuz they were amazing at the drink service. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the drinks were only $5.50 a piece....and were poured heavy. Nice! The food was AMPLE, with about 10 different plates to choose from. Even though the food was served "family style" they provided every section of the big-ass table with their own plate of each dish. For about 10 dishes it was approx $29 per person....not including drinks, tax & gratuity of course. (It ended up being $47 a person) We even had control of the music level....which was turned all the way down due to the crappiness of the music. (Maroon 5, Jennifer Lopez, Matchbox 20...typical Star 98.7 shiz) This place is great for a big party...or if you crave mediocre chinese food at 12am. (they're open until 1am on wknds)

(fyi, it's located in the "Planet Hollywood Hotel"....formerly the "Aladin Hotel")
A haiku, Ode to the Chang:

Waitress, bring me rice
Cheap utilitarian 
Wrong dish, take it back
I gave this place five stars because the price was great.  We got away with an excellent meal for only $25 each and that included a drink.  I thought this was pretty good for Vegas.

The food was very good, and there was a ridiculously large amount of it, so nobody went hungry.

The server was great, we had a reservation and got seated early, even on a Saturday night.

All in all, much better than some of the places I've been to in Vegas.
I was in Vegas this past weekend for my cousin's Bachelorette Party and to thank us for coming, she treated us out to dinner at PF Chang's inside the Planet Hollywood. I already like PF Chang's to begin with, especially their sea bass (yum!!!), but I have to commend the staff at this location. They were all friendly and nice, especially the main guy helping us. Unfortunately, I don't remember his name (c'mon I was in Vegas! probably wasted already)--asian guy with glasses. And because, it took longer for them to seat us even with our reservation, they made it up us by comping us a couple of appetizers--chicken wraps! All in all, it was a great experience at the restaurant and a nice way to start the evening of debauchery!
For those who demand their Chinese authentic get some mao tai and a book of Li Po's poetry and drink with the moon and your shadow. For those who don't, have a nice Japanese Sapporo with your mixed Asian grille style. No complaints by me, this is pretty good fare for the weak of auricle and ventricle when it comes to Chinese. If I needed an MSG hit and couldn't find a good Cantonese place, this would do. Its like when you hit a city you don't know after riding cross country next to sweaty pock faced woman in gray sweats that say (ARMY) on them and suffer under her wheezing, sighing, and sneezing, not to mention guffawing at a People magazine. You need a safe home to eat dinner, some safe, relatively hygenic food. So you hit the Irish pub and rinse old scabface out of your mind with a few pints of Guinness and a shepherd's pie. PF Chang is sort of upscale comfort food.
went here with a group of 4, we ordered the lettuce wraps (yummm!!) but watch out for the spicy mustard, it's pretty hot. plus we each ordered our own entree. big mistake, there was soo much food leftover we would've been fine ordering just 2-3. (they serve each entree on a serving plate and everyone can eat from it) overall a good place to go as long as it's not too busy.
Great Chinese on a budget.  I prefer the higher end places like Pearl at the MGM, but PF Chang's can always be counted on for a good meal.  In any city, you can count on quality meals here.  The thing that stands out to me about PF Chang's is that they use very high end ingredients for a chain restaurant.  The menu lacks imagination, but the ingredients make up for it.
After finishing my junk meal I walked 50 feet and lost $200 at a craps table.  That was more fun than eating at PF Changs.  

I wouldn't eat here again for all the tea in China.
Thank goodness this meal was paid for with the expense account because it was basically a sit down Panda Express with fancy cocktails. 

You know that taste you get in your mouth when you've eaten too much sweets... yeah, expect to get that after dinner here.
Ah,  P.F. Chang...

I once knew a Chang, but that was a long time ago, and in Borneo, and she wasn't so loud...

This, however, is far, far away from there.

The food is wonderful, the drinks are also good, but, jeez, do something to make it quieter. 

We've been here a few times, and it keeps getting louder, and the one in Pasadena is following suit.

Anyway, a good spot to eat, if the waiter can hear you.
I didn't know Panda Express served food in porcelain plates.
After Planet Dailies and Trader Vic's, I was soooooo happy to land at P F Chang's.  Good food, pretty good service, resonable prices.  Only a few minor negatives, but I much preferred P F Chang's.
Am i the only one for whom P.F. Chang's was ruined by one or more episodes of 'South Park'?  Actually, i'd never eaten at one until a recent trip to Vegas.  But all i could think of as i ate some chicken that attempted to make up for its lack of taste with absurdly unnecessary spiciness was what my couric output would be.  Disappointing in every regard.
My DH and I love PF Chang's! We got to the one in San Diego as well as visit any locations in cities we are visiting. We were excited to learn that there was a PF Chang's in the hotel we were staying!! I made reservations for Friday night (HIGHLY recommend reservations for the weekends)! The service was great as was their Pear Mojito, but the food was just okay. It didn't have the usual good flavor and only seemed to be luke warm. Also the garlic noodles were really on the rubbery side. I have to say we were pretty disappointed!
I've only been to PF Changs a few times, and try to support local businesses whenever possible. However, being vegan, in Vegas...my choices were a bit limited, so I ended up eating here twice.

No wonder this place is one of PETA's top 5 Veg-Friendly Chains! Both times I was there, the servers were extremely knowledgeable about what menu items were options for me, and tweaked items to make them vegan. 

As previous reviewer said, there is no price mark-up here, which was a nice surprise. 

If you're vegan, or visiting Vegas with someone who is, put PF Changs on your list of food options.
Interior:98/10, Food: 8/10, Service: 7/10.

Came here during a major convention in Vegas so of course this place was packed.

Service was lacking due to the dinner rush. Seemed like they wanted to seat you, feed you, get you out for the next group waiting to be seated.

Typical PF Chang food that's consistent with all the other locations.

Would I go back? Probably not. Too many better restaurants in LV to try out.
Never heard of this place until a friend suggested we try it. I liked it. But make sure you make a reservation (call in early afternoon for an evening reservation) and still expect to wait 15 - 30 mins when you arrive (they always tell people 10 mins but it takes about 30 mins - just go outside and people watch). I ordered off the Gluten free menu and the food was fantastic.  Service was friendly. It's not expensive which in Vegas is a rare find and why I give it 4 stars (for value).
Okay last November me and my friends were in Vegas and we stayed at Imperial. We haven't been down the strip much yet so we decided to walk and tour the scrip and ended at PH. I really like PH and see a lot of younger crowds than other places. But anyways we were getting hungry so we though since we're here we can get PF Chang. So we went to PF Chang and had to wait about an hour before we got a table. The place is pretty nice with it's design and look very modern. There's an upstairs but I don't know if you're able to eat up there? Looks nice though.

Okay so we got a table and we decided to start off with Dumpling since the Dumpling I had at another PF Chang was really good. Also we ordered Hot & Sour soup. The dumpling turn out to be average and the soup tasted like...nothing. After we finish with that, I was hoping the food would be better because we're hungry. We ordered Pepper Steak, and Chicken with black bean sauce. Okay so the food came out, we were hungry and began to eat. Then, we all looked at each other like wtf? The Pepper Steak has no flavor at all, and the only flavor was the taste those small black pepper that's you're chewing on. The chicken was bad, but it's not as close as the Pepper Steak. Chicken doesn't have much flavor at all but at least it's more edible.

 I can't believe they're in business, I swear this is the worst Chinese Food I'd ever ate. I've ate at PF Chang a few times before and it was decent so they either need a new chef or something because all of the food suck. You ever get that feeling after eating like not being satisfied and wondering if you even ate at all? That's how I felt leaving there like damn, I'm not satisfied and I'm not full. I would give it 2 stars because the place look nice and server was decent but the food is that bad I'm sorry.
Went here twice when vacationing in Las Vegas since I had a gift card here and it was conveniently located near Hard Rock Hotel. 
ATMOSPHERE: Clean, dim. Like other PF's I've been to. They stay pretty busy so it was crowded but not packed each time. 
FOOD: Even has a vegetarian section!  However, none of the soups are vegetarian as the broths are made from meat or the soup has meat in them. Here's what I had:
1. Buddha's Feast - sounds like something filling BUT all this is is steamed veggies, tofu, and mushroom. Doesn't even have a sauce with it..... I guess I didn't read the menu description carefully. At least I had a sauce from the sauces they give with every meal and got to experiemnt some with it.  Definitely a good healthy choice but I can get steamed whatever anywhere even a cheap chinese place. 
2. Asparagus side dish - with onion. Very good! A hint of spiciness and grilled almost to be crispy at edges. I really liked the spice on it. I wish they added a little less oil though. I wish they had this as a veggie entree mixed with tofu! I would definitely get it. 
PRICES: Expensive for what you get. Nothing impressive really. Portions are just right. I finished my entire entree which rarely happens. 
SERVICE: Even when not busy there was always a wait to be seated...both times! After being seated the service was pretty prompt and efficient. 
LOCATION: Miracle Mile shopping center - enter directly through the Planet Hollywood casino. Patio facing the strip.
CONCLUSION: Okay, average food.... would go elsewhere in Vegas next time because I just want to try other places.
Came here on a Vegas trip back in late 2007 and the food was really, really good.  The sauces that they mix at the table is pretty cool and the food was just excellent.

This was the first PF Changs Restaurant I'd ever been to and since then I have been back twice to the local one here in Houston.

The staff was friendly and nice.  Couldn't be happier with this place.
Don't even know where to start with this place. Service isn't usually something that bothers me that much, I feel like the ambiance and the food are the most important factors. In this case, I just couldn't ignore the service (or lack there of). To begin, we had a reservation and still had to wait for a table (understandable, but still). 

We are finally seated, given menus, and order our drinks and the lettuce wraps since we know already we are going to want that. At this point we hadn't ordered our main dishes yet. 

So we browse the menu, and decide what we will have as main dish. Our waiter however, is no where to be seen. In fact, we couldn't even flag down another server to call our server. We wait and wait and wait, and he finally appears with our drinks. We order our main dishes, and one of the girls in our group asks for sugar. He leaves, and nothing. No sugar. 

He comes back a long time later with our lettuce wraps and when my friend asks again for the sugar he says coldly "It is already on its way- I asked for it already." Woah there, way to be friendly! He also explains they only have one kitchen for two floors and that is why the food is taking so long. I'm sorry, that is not an excuse in my book. There are way bigger restaurants in New York City that are able to accommodate a big space with a full house. 

Our food finally arrives, and our friend the waiter once again makes a snide remark when one of us ask for something. I understand you might be having a bad day, maybe lost your paycheck at the Blackjack table, but don't bring your problems to work, buddy! 

The food itself was really good, we had Singapore Noodles which I kept serving myself more and more of. We also had the orange beef which was good but not my favorite, was slightly chewy. The black bean chicken was fantastic-- delicious! And of course you cannot go wrong with the lettuce wraps though we made a huge mess. 

At the end, my lovely girlfriends had asked the waiter to bring out a Birthday Cake and even gave them candles they had previously purchased. Our dear friend walks out with the slice of cake with the candles, and proceeds to light the candles in front of our table and just drops it in front of us. The cake was pretty good, chocolate cake is my absolute fav, but the raspberry sauce was a bit too overpowering for me. 

I definitely recommend going to one of PF Chang's other locations. I had a great time at the Atlantic City branch, complete opposite experience to the experience I had here. Get it together, PF Chang's!!!
every time i go LV i stop in and get the lettuce wraps, great tasting, cheap and let the server make the sauce for you, a liitle soy sauce, mustard and hot,,,great mix...i love this stuff, try it, i bet you'll like them....
I do not like P.F. Chang's. Maybe it's the excitement of being on vacation, or the free booze from the casinos, or a mix of the two. But this location is awesome. Love the scallops and fried rice with shrimp here. Nice and spicy on the scallops. The interior is great too. Most PF Chang's feel too large and cavernous. This one feels 'just right.' Service is great here too. They have a huge wait staff and are very attentive. They totally messed up drink order once, and just gave us a bunch of free drinks. It says a lot about the management, if you ask me, to have a stand out restaurant from such a lousy chain. Their prices are ok. Kinda steep, but welcome to Vegas, right? The wait times can be absolutely a turn off. We were told one day it was about 90 minutes. Next! But if you get there right when they open and eat dinner at a senior citizen time, you're in luck. A surprisingly decent place, very unexpected. I wouldn't visit it in my home area, but here, not bad!
We had PF Chang's take out while we were staying at PH. I liked that you could call ahead of time and pick it up to go back to your room, but that's about all I liked. 
It took forever for them to make it. We went to pick it up like 10 min after it was supposed to be ready and ended up waiting another 20 or so. But to top it off, they got the order wrong. We called and they said they would make what we were supposed to have real quick an bring it up to us. After close to an hour, we had finished eating what we did have and called to check on our missing food. They told us it should be up to the room in 20. When we said to keep it and refund us, they got all hissy and basically asked us why did we ask them to remake it anyway. We said because you told us it would be up "real quick".. 
Over all, the food was blah to mediocre (i would have rather had panda versus pay the price of that crap) and the service was horrible. Spare yourself and go to Panda Express. Same thing but you'll be able to throw $15 extra on the tables .
PF Changs is one of the only good Chinese restaurants I've been to in a long time. It's a china bistro so it's nothing like your traditional corner restaurant with the buffet. 

Their food is good but I normally wouldn't come back to eat all the time if it wasn't for the lettuce wraps ::cue the heavenly angel singing::. I love their lettuce wraps and even though I could successfully mimic them at home I don't want to have to go through the mess of all the condiments to make the lettuce wrap sauce ::cue singing again::. 

They also give you the choice between brown rice and white rice. I bet that excites you huh? I know, I just like the idea of being able to go to a Chinese restaurant and eating a light meal that's good for you. Service is good and so is the rest of the food (which is family size portioned) but the only thing that I ever get are the lettuce wraps. They have a choice of chicken or veggie (I prefer the chicken but they are both just as good). I like it. I like it a lot.
Because of the heat in Vegas and because of our pure laziness, we had PF Chang's twice - while staying at the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. We ordered it togo one of the days and the other day we ordered it through the hotel's room service. It's seriously the perfect meal when you want decent food and it's pretty yummy. 

I have eaten at many PF Chang's - one of my bestie's used to manage one - so I know the menu pretty well. But this time I tried some different foods and now have new faves. I really enjoyed the Dan Dan Noodles - spicy and similar to Pad Thai - soba noodles served with sprouts and goodness, Crab Wontons and the Combination Lo Mein. Good times!

We managed to order way too much food and had two meals with one order :) The restaurant itself gets packed since it's right on the strip so if you're staying at PH, go ahead and order to go and enjoy your american style chinese food. 

Cheers!
I had the duck, white rice, noodles and loved everything.  I tried the Saki, everyone enjoyed it but me.  The food portions were good, for the price they should be.  The environment was nice, clean wooden tables, lighting in brown-yellow chandiliers and somewhat dimmed.  We waited along time, they gave us a timer and we went and played slots for about 30-40 minutes.  The waiters were freindly, and the dinner was cool, we talked, stayed a while there, enjoyed the food and took some pics too.
This particular location was not on par with other Chang's restaurants that I have eaten at. We ate here on a Thursday night about 9:30, busy but not unusually crowded. The service was extremely slow an disorganized (ex. Late arrival of setups, no appetizer dishes with appetizer, and entrees 45 minutes after seating).  My friend's Spicy Chicken was lukewarm and the rice cold, and my Citrus Soy Salmon was tough; all signs of food that had sat under heat lamps for too long. I suspect the restaurant's XO is not exactly on the ball about keeping large volumes of food moving quickly. 
On the positive side, our complaints were dealt with courteously, and new entrees delivered in 7 minutes. If it weren't for this handling I would have given this experience one star.
I don't care if this place is a chain  or serves americanized (aka not real) chinese food...i LOVE it!  PF Chang's is a little pricey for Chinese food, but hey...it tastes good!  Dishes are approximately $9-$14 (according to my memory).  I always order the dan dan noodles.  This is by far the best dish they have!  The mushu pork is also pretty tasty and the servers even put the pancake and pork together for you!  Now that's service! something you NEVER get in an authentic Chinese restaurant!  Also, every meat dish comes with rice!  (major points because Americanized Chinese places usually charge rice per person...lame!)
We ate here because Hawaiian Tropic wasn't serving dinner yet.  I dont go to Vegas to do what I can get in Florida.  But, I was starving at this point. 

The food was great....the service was great, except for some RUDE BLONDE HOSTESS!  Try the Japanese Spareribs on the appetizer menu.  They are to die for!  

P.F. Chang's never disappoints...
The food was typical of any other PF Changs I've been too.  Prices were the same as any other location too, I was expecting them to be about double as are most other places in Vegas.  The service here wasn't very good.  We had to wait about 30 minutes for our lettuce wraps, which seemed a little ridiculous.  Our dinners took another 20 minutes.  The food was good and hot when it finally arrived.  The layout of the restaurant wasn't so great and servers had to constantly push through crowds of customers since the kitchen was on the other side of the waiting area.
The food was good, the service was professional, courteous and prompt. There's an option provided for those whose party consist of two, offering  soup, appetizer, entree and desset for two at $40. We dined in the patio and the atmosphere was very laid back and comfortable. Our wait was less than 30 minutes (more likely because we opted to eat in the patio area), if you prefer to eat in under the coolness of air conditioning, your wait may be longer. Overall it's a good place to eat.
I always love eating at PF Chang's!  For starters:  It has the greatest BIG bowl of Wonton soup!  It's huge!  Be prepared to share this bowl, since it's quite big!  The crab wonton/ragoon's are really awesome too, it's definitely a must!  I've had a few different entree's here, that are off the hook too!  This place is cheaper than the quality of the food is, it's unbelievable!  If you want a reasonably priced meal that is over the top, give this place a try!  I can't talk more highly about this place!
I was a little buzzed when i was at the restaurant with my friends but i remember a good amount of my experience here.

The waitress was a little rude and seemed like she couldn't wait to get off work. I asked her about a the fried tofu to see if it was vegan and she just said no without any explanation or suggestions of any alternatives that are vegan. One of my friends wanted to know why it wasn't vegan so i asked and she replied with "because of the sugar." i looked at her confused and asked what she meant because sugar comes from sugar cane, a plant. she responded with a very condescending attitude as if i were stupid and said that the sugar came from animal bone. (Later on I looked up on my phone what she was talking about and they actually do use ingredients that are derived from bone char... gross) By this point i got really frustrated and changed my order to the buddha's feast which was truly vegan. The wait for our food was ridiculously long and i am not exaggerating because i had been drinking. My friends can also confirm that it took forever to receive our food. We were actually in a hurry to meet up with a friend to get into a club. Once the food arrived it was alright but it was literally steamed vegetables with small slices of tofu mixed in. I got bored of this very easily also. I had to order two sides of rice because steamed vegetables would not be enough for a long night of drinking and dancing..

Try something else on the strip, you can get p f chang's anywhere! I didn't find it to be anything special.
Ok...I was so exhausted from the 6:30 am flight that I didnt want to walk around searching for food.  I ate here twice in one day...at the Planet Hollywood location.  LMAO!  We ordered Lettuce Wraps and the spareribs (WITH SAUCE) and Crab Rangoon.  All of it was quality food.  I also ordered an asian pear martini.  I was spectacular!  Ahhh...the joys of adult beverages.  

On my second trip of the day, we were seated upstairs in the back.  Its a very intimate location.  I happen to like upstairs because it's not as noisy as the main dining area.  We ordered Wonton Soup, which comes in a bowl, big enough for 4, and Combination Fried rice.  That fried rice was the best I've ever had in all my years.  Damn, it was good!  

I love P.F. Changs...with a passion.
The duck breast is pretty good, overall, this is a pretty good Chinese American restaurant.
-  Super lettuce wraps
-  Awesome quantities of great food

Four stars is because even though the food rocks, it is kind of over priced.  Also they were reluctant to make stuff vegetarian / customize anything about the food.
It was by accident that we found PF Chang's in Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Our friend who was visiting from LA was supposed to meet her friend at the Palazzo. But, after hours of: a) traffic, b) looking for parking, and c) walking aimlessly around City Center, we were all too exhausted to drive to Palazzo! We ended up stopping by PH to get a quick drink, when my friend saw that there was a PF Chang's. She called her friend and made reservations at PF Chang's instead. It was a good decision!

I love PF Chang's! No matter what you order, the quality of the food is excellent. What I also love is that they offer you brown rice instead of white rice.... I've never been disappointed. The 6 of us decided to order a variety of food - one poultry, one pork, one seafood, a salad and a noodle entree. YUM YUM for my tum tum! I was in heaven. My fav was the moo-shu and seafood entree.

I would have given five stars had the wait been less than 2 hours. Mind you, we went there on New Year's day and on a Friday...Regardless, we all had a wonderful time! The waiter was very friendly, helpful and attentive. The wait for the food was not long at all.

Delicious food. Great service. Good times with friends. Definitely would come back!
Chris our server was excellent.  We always hit PF Changs when we visit Vegas.  This location is way better.  Off the strip and no long waits.  Save room for dessert.
Manager named Garfield provided
Excellent service, very hospitable and polite. He earned all 5 stars!
I'm a big fan of PF Changs...we had a group of 20 people. They have two private rooms with a pre-fix menu you can choose from...the food keeps coming! Felt as if it was never ending.

Call ahead for big groups...talk to Darnella!
It's PF Chang's what could possibly be wrong right? Well, thank goodness for this location, nothing.

Located conveniently on the strip, this PF Chang's is easy to find and easy to go to.  So beware the crowds and the potential long wait if you go during peak eating hours.

The staff is usually friendly, as the people who may eventually annoy are  customers as well.

If I can offer you one word of great advice for this location (not sure if they do it in another locations), order from the lunch plates...and go before 4pm.  The lunch plates offer you individual servings of varying dishes and come included with rice and either egg drop or sweet and sour soup.  You can easily have an entree, 2 drinks (non-alcoholic), and 2 of these lunch plates for $40 total.  Not bad considering the potential bill when dining family style and after 4pm.
i hadn't been to a P F Chang's before but have seen them all over Seattle and was excited when the bf suggested we try it. We went at 8pm on a Wednesday and was told that there was a 45 minute wait and so we happily took our buzzer and went and sat in the Planet Hollywood's Extra bar. Their drinks were fabulous and 30 minutes later, the buzzer was going off. We were seated on the top floor in the back and so it was nice and quiet, despite the 2 long tables of people in front of our booth.

They have a 2-For-$40 deal that provides you with your choice of soup, one appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 mini desserts. Waaaayyyy too much food for 2 people but it allowed us to try all kinds of dishes. 

I started with a wine flight, that gives you 3 - 2.5 oz glasses of wine for $10. $10!!! Definitely took advantage of that as they have an extensive wine list. The bf had a beer as they were $3 and cheaper than anything you can buy on the strip. Bonus!

For our soup course, we both had the Sweet and Sour and it was full of chicken, mushrooms, tofu, and egg ribbons. It was kinda spicy but a nice way to start the meal. Portions are huge and so I felt bad about only eating half but otherwise wouldn't have been able to get past the appetizer flight.

For the appetizer, we had the Chicken Wraps. I had heard nothing but about how good these wraps are since we found the restaurant the night before. They lived up to their reputation though as everything from the lettuce to the little sauce that was customized for us, was wonderful. Again, the dish wasn't finished as you would have to stuff the lettuce leaves to capacity to get through all of the filling they provide you with.

For entrees, we had the Mongolian Beef and Cantonese Shrimp. The beef was accompanied by long pieces of green onion and wasn't too gingery. The meat was nicely seared so the marinade formed a crunchy outside. Delish! The shrimp were in a light garlic sauce and the snow peas were perfectly cooked. We had brown rice on the side and there was definitely enough food for 4 people. Yikes but yummmm!

For dessert, our fabulous waiter brought out a litle sample tray and explained each shot-glass sized dessert to us. We chose the Strawberry Cheesecake and S'more and while I was too full to try them, they were gone in about 30 seconds. The perfect end to a meal!

If you get this deal, either expect to have multiple leftovers or make sure you have a large party to help share the feast!
I sort of felt ambivalent about this place immediately after eating. The food was okay but not extraordinary. Though I should mention I am vegan, so I only had so many options. But if you don't eat meat, this is probably a good option in las Vegas, where I've found, options are quite limited. The lettuce wraps have a delicious filling, but they'd be better on romaine (not iceburg). The ma po tofu is a really big portion of both broccoli and spicyish orange sauce on crispy tofu; it's good but kind of heavy to attack by oneself. Everything is priced okay, but still, I wouldn't have gone here if it weren't for the terrible vegan options in Las Vegas.
Ok call out order, they stay open later then the other pf Changs, The take out or was great! and we got free Lettuce wraps!!! Yum this is by far my favorite resturant chain or no chain! Great time in Vegas thanks to Changs!
Never been dissapointed at a P F Chang! Don't miss the chicken lettuce wraps. Love the Mongolian Beef. Always fresh and fast service although you may wait sometime without reservations. Mini desserts are great.
This was my first time eating here, and I have to say it was great. The food was very flavorful and the service was great. Will definately eat here again and soon.
How often can you go to Vegas, have a great meal and many drinks for cheap? I am so glad we decided to go to P F Chang's for dinner.  There where 4 of us, we each had two drinks, two appetizers, and all had entrees from under $100.00.  Unheard of in Vegas, right? All the food was excellent, and great service as well.
This location always nails it!

Was there on Sunday and was very crowded around 6.....was taken to a booth after about 25 minutes.

Had sweet sour chicken, almond/cashew chicken, and beef lo mein....all delicious!

Mai tais were perfect and  a bargain for a casino bar ($6) and the waiter we had was the best!   Dave, I think, was his name!
2 hour wait on a Saturday night??  Not for us, baby.  We had reservations...Thank God!!!  We were seated in 10 minutes and the place was packed.  

Look, this is a chain, and the food is not the best.  The waitress was ok, not the best.  However, we enjoyed the meal, the cocktails and all of the ambiance.  We stuck with the traditional chinese deep fried yumminess and were not left with empty bellies or empty wallets.  

Good average stuff.
So, today at work, we had PF Chang for company lunch. The food was excellent. There was all sorts of food that took two tables.. I love Chinese food anyways, therefore, it was excellent. I had some steamed rice, shrimp, beef and broccoli, and much much more. I will definitely going there soon!!
What the eeF happened to this place!! Once upon a time it used to be good. Not so much anymore. Like Im never coming back anymore horrible. My food was soooo bad it was just hecka salty and soaked in soy. I made the waiter taste it and he damn near gagged. I gave this place another star just for the waiter being a trooper. be for warned tho. this PF changs is crap.
I never dined in but got take out when I worked in PH. 

This is not traditional Chinese, but it'll do when sometimes my other options didn't sound so great. 

Singapore Noodles, Dan Dan noodles, orange beef, honey chicken or shimp weren't bad and what I usually ordered.

I appreciate the brown or white rice option. Also their ice teas are surprisingly pretty good- like their blackberry jasmine green.

Now they have lunch specials- You have a few entree choices and you get hot& sour or egg drop soup.

Lunch specials are not badly priced and glad it was introduced after PF Changs stopped giving a discount to people who work in Miracle Mile/PH. Boo- they make so much money...really they can't? I normally am not a stickler about a discount but all other smaller chains and non chains offered a discount in PH but the largest chain can't to employees? Went from 25% to 20% to 15% to none in a matter of like a year. 

They effed up my order a few times and it sucks having to run back and waste my lunch break. I had to get in the habit of checking everything before leaving as once it wasn't even my order, another time I only had half of what I ordered for me and the girls at work, and another I ordered sides of veggies and it wasnt in there. 

For that, I can't really give them much due to their mistakes. It always ruined my lunch break since I end up having to get my food, take a few bites and I'm SOL and have to clock back in and eat lunch for dinner. That's fucked up that it happened 4 times before I got smart to look. And yes, they made a mistake twice after that and I got charged twice one day. 

2.5 stars for their mistakes and being discount stingy. 3.5 for the food as it usually was pretty big portions and tasty enough.
Actually got this via room service during our one night stay at Planet Hollywood Hotel.  I have to say I was surprised at how good the food was.  We ordered the general tso's chicken, fried rice, noodles, moo shu chicken, hot & sour soup.  All of the dishes were solid.  Yeah, it's american chinese food but pretty well made. Portions were smaller then I expected but for the 6 of us, we all had more then enough food! Totally worth ordering/stopping by the restaurant in Planet Hollywood!
The best chineese I have ever had! Really nice ambiance and atmosphere the lighting was perfect really set the mood to eat even though we had been eating all day since we were on vacation! I didn't know what to expect seeing as it was in the front of planet Hollywood but we didn't make reservations and we didn't have to wait to be seated. When we were seated they gave us a nice booth in the corner that was really private. Super good service we were attended to the whole time didn't have to ask for anything! We had the dinner for two which included a list of things to choose from I had gereral pao's chicken she had the Mongolian beef. We had hot and sour soup to start out with which was great since I've never tasted two hot and sour soups the same and it 
really varies on a scale of bad to great. They also brought out some chile 
sauce, vineger, and some Asian sauce( can't remember what it was 
called) which really heightened the taste of the soup and the lettece wraps we had as an appetizer. For desert we skipped the small shot glass deserts and went with the biggest piece of chocolate cake I have ever seen let alone eaten (yum) ! Really great food good service and just an overall nice fining experience! Have gone back there again but this time in Seattle still really good!
Had 2 meals here; one was take-out and one dined-in. 
The food was ok for a fusion chain in Vegas. Otherwise, it'd been below standard. 
The take out here was pretty quick and they had a separate window for take-out meals. It was fairly expensive for what it was.
Situated almost opposite the Bellagio Fountain show, we booked after the fountains had finished, strolled over the LV Boulevard, had a drink at the bar and then sat down at our table. Seamless on a Friday evening at 10pm in June.

Food is very good for a chain restaurant and portions are huge. Good service and quick too. Ideal for eating but not a night out in itself.
I was gonna give em a 2 for the service but decided the flavor of the kung pao chicken brought it up closer to 3.

It was happy hour and there are good HH appetizer prices so we shared some chicken lettuce wraps and egg rolls.  The chicken was delicious and the lettuce fresh.  Yum.
The egg roll was just ok...  not really that great, but edible (when it finally came).  We ordered kung pao chicken and orange beef and shared them.  I loved the chicken.  The flavor was great!  The beef chould have been called 'candied beef'.  Again, edible, but not really that great.  Too sweet for my tastes.

The service was very poor.  It was happy hour and they were packed so I understand service is going to be a little slow, but the first server was still pretty bad.  He brought the lettuce wraps pretty quick but the egg rolls took a long time to come out.  Maybe 10-15 minutes after the lettuce.  I had to ask multiple times for a refill before getting one, and if you've read my other restaurant reviews you know how much that annoys me.  Then shift chance, new server and he was a lot better.  The entrees took a long time to come out so we asked and he said it's because it's happy hour and they were extremely busy.  Still, the food too too long to come out.

Overall: 2.75
Vinniy was great. Food delicious.
Rice was really dry so they brought out fresh rice, however they never should have served that awful rice in the first place. This one is not as good service as home in la/oc but what do you expect in Vegas
PF Chang's = Chinese food for non-chinese people. The last place I expected to finally try P.F. Chang's is in Las Vegas. My homie's gf wanted to go so I didn't protest. I decided to be safe and go for their famous lettuce wraps. I have to say the food was actually decent. The meat sauce wasn't too strong and the lettuce was very crispy. Portions weren't big but just enough to fill me up. At $8.50, it was the only reasonable value on the menu. What irks me is the rest of the menu. Almost everything else costs twice as much as it should. I realize the prices are gonna be high since Vegas Strip+chain restaurant=$$, but that doesn't make me feel any better about it.
Love this Place...you can't go wrong with PF Changs!  Had to wait a bit for a table but well worth it!
Came with a group of 7, and had a fantastic server that got our orders right, and got them out to us very fast! 

Love the honey glazed chicken.
I used to be a huge fan of PF Chang's, but after my most recent visit to the Planet Hollywood location my views have drastically changed. As most people probably skip or skim very lengthy reviews, I'll try my best not to be too long winded. 

In short: Skip this place unless you like RAW CHICKEN and poor service! 

The full story: A group of us we to lunch here while on a Vegas trip for my friend's 29th birthday. The meal started off ok until a friend noticed that her chicken was completely raw on the inside. Not just a little pink, but RAW! it was basically seared chicken covered and concealed in sauce. UNACCEPTABLE. 

To top if off, the manager was hardly accommodating. She did take a small percentage off of my friend's check, but in the end she was still charged for the inedible plate of raw chicken that she was served. 

As we tried to move on from the upset, our server seemed to completely give up on pleasing us in any way. He dropped silverware on multiple members of our party, brought out a dirty dessert spoon for my friends birthday dessert, and then tried to cover it up by saying he had mixed a sauce with it. I'm sorry ... what?? You mixed sauce with a spoon, then brought it out for my friend to eat her birthday dessert with? Then please explain why there is dried brown food stuck to the spoon that you supposedly just mixed raspberry sauce with. We weren't buying it at all. 

We left PF Chang's completely dissatisfied and praying that my friend would make it through the trip without getting sick from having eaten raw chicken. I'd give it NO stars if it were possible.

No thanks to the staff at PF Chang's and despite our lunch celebration being ruined, my friend was ok. Thank goodness!
Ok - when my friends suggested we order some PF Changs after recovering from weekend shananigance in our hotel my reaction was "really?? ewww". I was forced to go to a work thing at PF Chang's in another state and the food was awful - so now you understand my reaction. 

Either way needless to say we ordered some "chinese food". We ordered:
- Lemon Grass Prawns with Garlic Noodles: this was YUMMY and the prawns were huge. 
- Chicken Noodle Soup: this was fantastic
- Chicken Chopped Salad + Sesame Vinaigrette: this was a good salad but I think b.c. it was delivery it was not as good as it would have been in the restaurant.
- Crab Wontons: eh - nothing special and not very flavorful
- Chicken Lettuce Wraps: good reviews of this staple item
- Dynamite Shrimp: Good
- Almond & Cashew Chicken: Yummy
- Egg Drop Soup: Good as well

While all items were satisfying and between the four of us (yes all of that for only 4 people) we had crazy left overs. 

The best part about this PF Chang's is probably their customer service. They forgot the sesame dressing for the salad and we were able to convince them to deliver it to the room. To make up for this inconvenience the manager included a piece of their cheesecake and some kind of chocolate amazingness (was it a brownie? chocolate cake? a large chocolate candy situation? No idea). Aside from them being nice enough to bring us the dressing the desserts were out of this world. I'm going to say this and I'm hoping there won't be any backlash from cheesecake connoisseurs BUT this was one of the best, if not THE best cheesecakes I've ever had.
this is another resturant i like at planet hollywood inside the casino . both times i ate here  i ordered the tofu with broccolli . it comes with a bowl of rice.  the price is ok at $ 9.50 not including tax or tea which is $ 2.50 and both times was almost cold so i dont recomend the green tea. 

the service is ok and not to slow for lunch. its always crowded and noisy . but still a good choice for vegans. the tofu had to much salt and the broccoli is steamed and plain . but a healthy choice. i enjoyed what i ate because its a refreshing change from the all you can eat and puke buffets
Service was friendly. Noodles were overcooked. Seeing the kitchen workers slop food onto the prep plates like cafeteria workers was unappetizing. I think this kind of place should not have a view of the kitchen from outside while you're waiting for a table. Production line Chinese fusion done adequately.
PF Changs In Vegas Location: So the PF Changs where I live is absolutely GREAT! So you would think that all locations would posess the same state of mind when it comes to customer service!  WELL I thought absolutely wrong!! I have eaten at this location a few times in the past year but nothing compares to the experience I had here just this October.  We sat at the bar and it was early bout 2:00 and it was a lil busy but not overwhelming.  The bartender was sooo FREAKIN rude right from the start.  We sat there for literally 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged he would just walk right by us like we were ghosts! Not even a courtesy "I'll be right with you".  So were like watever right and then this couple walks in 20 mins later and sits right next to us and the same thing happenes to them, Well when the lady asked the bartender if she could just order a drink this is wat the rude bartender said "NO not right now...I'm only one person here!!"  I was shocked!!  And so was the lady!!  Of course I butt in and told him he shouldnt be so rude and then he just totally lost it.  I got up and went to speak with the manager but he didnt give a shit either!  I Love PF CHangs but I will NEVER step foot in this inconsiderate location again!!
Dock a star because i had called to make reservations and the guy had told me that its full and what BS!! So i told my friend Neil to call from our hotel room phone to make reservations and he was able to make a reservation... WTH!! 

After checking in our wait wasnt that long. We all wanted to get a booth but we got a table instead. The selection of food was delicious especially the cod. 

Sesame Chicken- It was ok.
Kung pao Chicken- Delicious.
Cod- Scrumptious, Melt in your mouth delicious!!
crab rangood- good
asian chicken salad- very delicious!!

Recommend making a reservations, it does get pack on a Friday night.
Food at the Planet Hollywood location was good as usual. Awesome seared ahi and spring rolls.

What I didn't understand was why the service took so long and we were at the bar? The bartender seemed to have a hearing problem and we almost had to beg for a check because he just wasn't paying attention. Dude, we're right IN your face.So I took off 1 star for service.
Came here with a group of people after seeing a concert in Planet Hollywood, and we sat down right away even though the place seemed pretty busy for almost midnight.

The server made the whole experience. He was a pro at handling a bunch of drunk stumblers who think they are hilarious (myself included, ok it was just me). It was nice through out the whole time that we were here and made me actually want to go back to one of the PF's in my city. I refused to go because most of the servers are stuck up and they pretend like you can't get the same food at a cheaper faster price at Pei Wei.
This place has an awesome happy hour 7 days a week...which is not so easy to find in Vegas. And, on top of that, the food is really good. Pork dumplings and crab wontons were yummy! If you are staying in Planet Hollywood like we were than it is even better!
I don't usually write reviews for restaurants, but I was really disatisfied with my experience at PF Chang's yesterday. I was especially pissed off by the bad service attitude of the waitress Stacy. First she messed up my order, and then tried to blame me for it. When the order was remade, it was awefully salty. After I got the bill, I told her that it was inedibly salty (I didn't eat 95% of the dish). I was just expressing my view and not looking to get it canceled on my bill or anything, but she just ignored me and picked up the dish and left. How about at least comforting the customer by saying "sorry, next time we will make it better". She just ignored me as if I am non-existent. Who the hell wants to eat at a restaurant where the waitress treats the customers like crap.

I have been to PF Chang's in different locations a good number of times and have always been satisfied with the food and service, except this time. I guess it's the waitress Stacy that ruined my experience at this PF Chang's at Planet Hollywood.
This is a pretty standard PF Chang's.  If you're looking for good, Americanized sweet Chinese food and don't mind eating at a chain, this is the right place.  You're never going to leave here thinking this is the best food ever, but you shouldn't leave disappointed either.

We came for a very late lunch and mowed down a ton of food on the happy hour menu, which is a relatively good deal.  The one major knock on this location is the service was very mixed - our food came pretty quickly, but the waiter never made us sauce for our lettuce wraps, forgot my drink, and pretty much went AWOL half-way through our meal.
At the PF and this places really gets crowded. I guess it's a reliable relatively ow cost option among all of the big spends that surround it. At the end, we enjoyed good potstickers, great lettuce wraps, fried rice and moshu chicken.
Happy hour was awesome from 3-6. The chicken lettuce raps were amazing. Next time I will just get two order of these for us. Our drinks were bomb. They pear mojito was delicious. Go for happy hour. Nice to have in the hotel.
Food was yummmmy! I loved the almond chicken! One order is definetely big enough to share! My husband and I ended up sharing almond chicken and that lettuce wrap stuff... it was enough to fill us. Waiter was kinda... eh Okay. He wasnt that great, and took forever to bring us our check. We asked for our check and then 10 mins later... still no check! 20 mins later... still sitting there. Well, 30 mins later.. finally!! overall, good food!
Located in Planet Hollywood, very convenient to go to if you're staying in the hotel.  Gets really really crowded.. There was an hour and half wait, so we decided to order to-go and take it up to our room since that was only 10-15 minutes.. You can call ahead from your room too if you are staying at Planet Hollywood or their Towers.... 

Love their dan dan noodles, candied walnut shrimp, chicken noodle soup, hot and sour soup and their lettuce wrap... We order cashew chicken, lettuce wraps, dan dan noodles and hot and sour soup and it was a good portion... Prices are a little steep, especially for chinese food, but compared to other dining options in vegas, this is actually average, especially when you are able to do family style dining..
We just missed the happy hour that started at 3pm, which is my only regret about eating here. I had the coconut curry with tofu, and man, that was some of the best curry I've had...especially coming from a national chain joint. We had crispy wontons to start off, and I had to stop myself from overindulging in them. The staff was great at getting us everything we needed, and we had the perfect weather to take advantage of their outdoor seating.

Tried to go back for happy hour a couple days later, but it was too packed to move. If you want to hit that, I'd get there right at 3.
I eat at the PF Chang's in The District at least once a month and am huge fan of the menu at this chain. The service is usually top notch, but my experience at this location was worth yelping about. 

The hostess decided to look at me after I stood in front of her for two minutes. She told me the wait would be 45 minutes. Since I was meeting a long time friend for a concert I didn't mind..... 

We waited, waited, and waited some more. We ended up waiting over an hour and fifteen minutes! The hostess was rude when we went up to check on it. She made us feel bad for asking. When we were finally taken to our seats we had to wait a while for our waiter. I'm getting used to all of this waiting by now even though I am starting to get hunger pains. No big deal. 

We order and the waiter comes out with the sauce. Don't they usually do the sauce spiel every time? Maybe I'm just spoiled and use to the good service at the GV location. Regardless, he just poured the sauce and left. When we got our food the rice was the exact opposite of sticky rice. In fact, it was hard and resembled uncooked rice! Unbelievable. The good news was that the Dan Dan Noodles were out of this world! The distinct flavor of the cucumber cut the heat from the chile paste perfectly. The waiter did not ask if we wanted them cut. The Mongolian Beef was also a big hit. The meal would not be complete without their famous lettuce wraps which were delicious as usual. 

Overall I was satisfied with the food and the presentation minus the uncooked rice. It's PF Changs, who doesn't enjoy the food? The staff, however was really rude and unprofessional and my guest and I were highly put off by this. Next time I am at this hotel I am going to the sandwich shop and sticking to my PF Changs in Green Valley.
Service was mediocre.  Asked for the dishes to come out as they're ready, because we were starving...but the dishes came out together and a few were lukewarm.  Since the temperature was off, they didn't taste that great. 

The interior is super-dark, in the afternoon, this was just annoying.  

The only plus is that they offer mini-pastries.
Nothing new here, but still very consistent.  After a LONG day of conference and trade show, a group of colleagues and I wanted something simple and easy.  Changs is spot on for that.

This Changs is much different than most.  680 seats - yes 680.  Two levels.  I bet they turn the tables here 4 times on a busy night.  It's right off the casino floor.  

Food and service was typically good as it is at most PF Changs.  Great spot for business people and tourists wanting a great meal at a price that won't break your bank.
P.F. Chang's was delicious as usual. 

Instead of ordering their $44 lunch for two, we ordered what we wanted and it came out to be about the same price anyway. We had the lemongrass prawns & garlic noodles; sauteed spinach; spring rolls, and steamed dumplings.  That was more than enough for 2 for lunch.

I had a Lucky Cat Martini. OMG super delicious. 

Justin, our server, was really nice, prompt, and funny, too, with the little jokes.

I always return to P.F. Changs for consistent, quick, asian bistro food. Its delicious.
Came here on a Friday night with a large group.  PF Changs was one of the very few places that was still taking reservations at a decent dinner time.
I figured things would be super slow since the place was totally packed.  But I was wrong.  Service was pretty good, and very fast.  Food was not only consistent, but actually better than PF Changs I've been to.
Also given the fact it was probably one of the cheapest places on the strip for decent food: major awesomeness!
We walked over to Planet Hollywood, and for some reason our friends thought PF Chang's would be a great place to eat.  Now I say that because we have PF Chang's at home, and there are a zillion other places that are new to try.

We had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  We waited outside in the casino area.  In the casino area, there is a window right into the kitchen.  Everyone thought it was unusually for not ONE Asian person to be working in the kitchen.

Our pager went off, but when we got inside, they told us there were two people with the same name and they didn't know which one was the right person, and we would have to wait longer. After another 7-10 minutes, we were called again.

We were sat, and ordered food very quickly.

Everyone's food was correct, and we all enjoyed our dinner. 

There are plenty of other spots around Vegas that serve the same type of food, at less cost, and less wait.  If you are one of the people that loves to eat on the strip, then go for it, because a PF Chang's is the same throughout the country.
Everything was SALTY!!! hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli..and worst dish of all was the pan fried noodles w/ beef. YUCK!
Eating vegan in Las Vegas did prove challenging, but PF Chang's is there to help.  This location has the same menu as all the others and I don't even think the food was more expensive for being in Vegas - all the veggie dishes are under $10.  Ma Po Tofu is always my favorite, but I got a noodle dish this time, which was good as well.  They were pretty busy but we got a table in about 10 minutes and had plenty of attention from our waiter.
My fianc and I have eaten at various P.F. Chang's in the past. Overall we have been quite satisfied. However, I will forever regret my decision to try their chow fun. We have had this dish prepared at noodle houses and authentic Asian restaurants. Let me tell you, what P.F. Chang's is peddling is NOT chow fun. This stuff is nothing more than egg noodles, a few strips of meat and the slightest amount of flavoring; nothing like dish I am used to with delicious gravy, fresh vegetables and plenty of meat. To say the least, I was disappointed. My fianc loved her VIP Duck though. Also, the lettuce wraps, which we did not get this time, are always great. The duck and the wraps are the only reason I gave them 2 stars. If it were left to the chow fun they would have gotten -2 stars.
I worked at Planet Hollywood for four years, so I ate here at least three or four times a month, and every time it was great. I really never noticed a markup from other Changs that are located off of the strip. The noodles, rice, and egg drop soup are all fantastic, whether eating at the bar or at a table. Service is quick and good, I would definitely recommend... especially compared to some of the other insanely priced placed to eat on Las Vegas Blvd.
I have had PF Changs before at home. And I wasn't too impressed or even pleased with the taste. Too bland, too dry, too negative, And I wasn't looking to repeat the experience. Especially in Vegas. But I was staying at Planet Hollywood and my family wanted dinner. We decided to give PF Changs another try. And boy were we suprised and impressed. Their fried rice was excellent and their walnut prawns. Wow, that's just great right there. Thinking about checking out Palo Alto again just to see if it could live up to the potential that Vegas has given me.
Three cheers to PF Chang's!! Went there with 6 more friends last weekend. Sunny weather, outdoor seating, and a friendly waitress made our lunch extra special.
With a hangover from Friday night partying, no breakfast, hundreds of people queuing up for hotel buffets, PF Chang's was a true savior.
This was my second visit to this place at Planet Hollywood. While the first one was a dinner date with my husband, this one was a lunch with friends. Both experiences were equally great.
With soups, starters, entrees, and desserts for 7 people (we had to get doggy packs too), the bill was under 100$!!!!
Dishes to die for:
Hot n sour soup
Chicken lettuce wrap
Dan dan noodles
Dali chicken (for the spicy food lovers)
Chocolate cake with raspberry syrup (I am not a chocolate fan but this was yum!!)
Great service, good food, friendly staff, value for money, and above all NO WAITING on a weekend :).
Highly recommended
this locations takes really good care  of big groups .... food is always consistant at PF Changs but the service here sets them apart of all others
I don't care what South Park says, this place rules!

This restaurant is located in the Planet Hollywood Casino.  We went in and were told it was going to be a 45 minute wait.... we were going to leave, but the host told us he'd sit us on the patio immediately.  Awesome!  

From the patio, you have a great view of the strip.  My only complaint was the awkward view of the back of the horse statue.....weird :-)

The wonton soup was delicious!  Big enough for two to share.

If you like tea, try the dragon tea.  I tasted some of my boyfriend's and it was amazing.  And it comes out in this cute little cast iron pot!

Entres are large, I'd say order soup, one entre and share!
We were so expecting to have to wait forever to get a table, but we were seated right away.  
We chose the 2 for $44 which comes with soup, app, 2 entrees, and dessert.  We got the egg drop soup and it was fantastic.  Next we ordered the steamed pork dumplings (recommended by the waiter)...flavor was good but I have a feeling they would have been better fried.  We chose the Spicy Chicken and Kung Pao Chicken for the entrees.  The Spicy Chicken was excellent, but the Kung Pao was dry. It just seemed like it needed a sauce with it.  
The dessert was good...nothing to rave about, but we enjoyed it.  
I will come back here, not so much for the food, but the atmosphere.  The wait staff was wonderful, food came out super fast, and it was just a nice place to sit and relax.
I don't openly announce my affection for PF Chang's.  Growing up in the San Gabriel valley surrounded by real Chinese food I sometimes wonder if I'm allowed to enjoy this candy-like addicting concoction they serve here as food.  Proper or not, I like PF Chang's!  Although it's not the best food, it's tasty and it sure makes my mouth happy.

I mentioned in my previous blog that mom was visiting from Korea.  We went to Vegas and stayed at Planet Hollywood.  While my hubby was playing poker, mom and I decided to eat at the PF Chang's located inside the hotel.  It is here that my mom's obsession with this restaurant starts all over again. 

We always order the Garlic Noodles.  We LOVE this dish.  We also ordered the Chicken Lettuce Wraps that we enjoy.  We sat out in the patio and blissfully soaked in the fair weather while munching happily on our lunch.  Even our strange & annoying server who kept complaining to us about her other table of customers and kept trying to overcharge us (I had to tell her to fix our bill twice) couldn't ruin our meal.
I have to give this place a big hand! They rock on service. I have very picky family members, they travel around the county and eat at the best restaurants and they know and expect great service. As soon as we sit down my mother in law gives very specific detail on what she wants. Our waitress listened and was very good. Everything down to the last detail. If it was not right she corrected it instantly and never batted an eye. Of course the food it always good too. You can't go wrong here, great service and great food.
Great food and even better drinks
I was pretty put off by PF Chang's on my last visit. I am very sensative to spicy dishes and seeing that so many of the options were spicy was disappointing to me personally. I will admit some fault, I asked if the lemon chicken could be prepare not spicy, the waitress said "Yes" however when my meal came, it was spicy. I commented about it to the waitress and her comment was "no it's not" and did not even offer to get me an alternative dish. I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service. 

I have been to PF Chang's before and while the food was good, I don't think it's better than most chinese food.
Honeslty, it deserves 3 stars because they excel 100% at a handful of dishes, but the rest are crap.

The happy hour is pretty good. The flaming red dumplings are nice and spicy. However, any of the other steamed dumplings have a slight gummy feel to them.. especially when you are used to quality dim sum from the likes of Kon Chau or Tropical Chinese. The egg rolls need more meat, the spring rolls should be labeled vegetarian, and the Mongolian Beef is AWESOME as always. If it were not for the previously mentioned dish, you would never see my ugly face at this establishment.

Okay Okay, their chicken soup is VERY good as well. Other than that though, I don't see the hype behind it. Their dumplings are marginal at best and their chicken dishes are horrible. i would HIGHLY recommend the Mongolian beef, the chicken soup, and the fried rice is pretty good as well. 

BTW, if you like the lettuce wraps at PF Changs, do yourself a favor and try the same dish at the Cheesecake Factory. You'll never want to try that horrible insult of a dish at PF again!!!
So, I went to this P.F Chang's for my birthday dinner this past Saturday with a group of seven people, including myself. I've been to a couple of different P.F Chang's around the valley and I always have a pretty good time. This time...not so good. 

Our reservation was for 8:00p and I'm not going to lie, I am notorious for being late. By some birthday miracle, I made it to the place about two minutes after 8. I know, late is late, but when my boyfriend made the reservation they told him that ours would be given away if we were 10-15 minutes late...a little confusing, but whatever. We got our table just fine. Food and drinks were good as well. 

Our waitress was nice, but she seemed aloof - which is not something I would hold against someone. What I did have a problem with is her whisking my food away that was barely touched. We were sitting in a U-shaped booth and I was turned to face the group to talk. I wasn't watching over my food(I didn't think I had to) and I had a couple of drinks, so I was definitely very into whatever I was talking about. I could understand that maybe she didn't want to interrupt me...personally, I would have preferred her doing that instead of just taking the food away without checking. My other friends weren't talking, so she could have asked them about it and they would have asked me. We spent $200 that night. That's a fortune to me and to leave with no leftovers when there was plenty....well, I consider THAT a dinner time atrocity. I know I should have said something then, but everyone was leaving so I didn't. I really should have because it's been bothering me! 9/10 times, I always eat my leftovers the next day. Wasting food is a huge pet peeve of mine...and in this situation it severely irks me because it was food that I was going to eat. Maybe a good solution would be to re-train that server and make sure all of the servers are on the same page.

A warning to all who choose to dine at P.F Chang's in Planet Hollywood: Make sure to keep a steady eye on your meal if you are like me and want to get the most for your money by taking the leftovers home.
Can't believe I came all the way to Vegas to go to a PF Chang's but honestly, this one was good. A little more expensive than normal, but a group of us went for a super late dinner on a weeknight and the waitress was really cool and friendly and super accommodating. Wish I remembered her name...

Anyway, the usual staples are good here: beef with broccoli, spicy green beans, sesame chicken, etc.
I have never been a big fan of PF Chang's but the one in Vegas used to be better then the rest, the food seemed to have more flavor. I know its a large restaurant chain and you should get the same product no matter where you go but this one USED to be better. We we were seated our waitress let us know that they have had allot of changes. The staff was all polite, and we were seated quickly because we had a reservation (45 min wait without one so call ahead. We after we ordered our food came quickly and looking forward to my meal i was disappointed because i learned what all the changes had been on my first bight. This PF Chang's was now just like the other PF Chang's that i had been to not much flavor in the food ( if you are going to put a warning on the menu the the food is spicy make it spicy not bland. If you like other PF Chang's you will enjoy this one too if you like flavor in you food this is not the place for you.  Overpriced for what you get.
Being from Vancouver where there's a lot of great Asian cuisine, my friend and I didn't see the need to dine at a place which serves Asian food. But after eating Caucasian food non stop since we landed, we decided to give this place a try. We were also intrigued by the line up outside the restaurant; and since we've never eaten here we thought we'd try this place. 

My first impression of the place was 'wow'. A huge and quite a classy place so I was impressed right off the bat. Right outside, people can be spectators and watch the busy kitchen as they scoop, portion, scale, deep fry, pan fry and prepare the food. I'm always fascinated by this because this looks really cool to me. Anyway, my friend and I waited around half an hour for our food, which I wasn't very happy about. Thank goodness I had something to watch for half an hour while they make my food. 

We ordered the Crab Wontons, Singapore Street Noodles, and the Shanghai Shrimp with Garlic Sauce. The wontons were nice and crispy, I LOVED the filling. The shrimp dish was pretty decent. I found the vegetables quite soft, which was surprising because Asian restaurants usually serve vegetables quite crisp. Well in Vancouver anyway. The noodle dish had a nice ,strong curry flavor. The shrimp was cooked well but the chicken was kinda tough and sinewy.

Overall it was ok. I think the fact that I'm immersed in a wide variety of Asian cuisine here at home makes me more critical of Asian cuisine elsewhere. My friend best described it as "white man's version of Asian food". Which is actually very true. 

Good value for the price; I'm quite annoyed that I completely missed the dessert menu. I really wanted to try the Banana Spring Rolls, the Tres Leche Lemon Dream, the Apple Pie and the Carrot Cake. But really, I shouldn't be eating dessert while in Vegas. Just bad for my gut. 

There's also a gluten free menu for you guys and gals who can't have gluten.

Would I come back? Maybe. It wouldn't be the first place I would think of visiting but I would consider it. It gets a 3.5/5 from me, but I think I'll kick it down to 3/5 stars. It could be a lot better.
Worst pf changs I have ever been to. Sat down and the sauces were all over the plates (dirty), then when the soup comes out my bowl was not clean, and lastly as my mother was eating our lo Mein she pulled out a piece of paper!! GROSS!! At least the manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but at the same time insinuated we had put the piece of paper there??? Who knows. Just don't go there!!!
We had great service, great food and great atmosphere.  Our waiter was really good.  If you can get a seat by the window its great!
I think this place is better then the ones located near where I live. The waiter always gives up water, ice tea, and coke without us asking a refill all the time. I think he was physic LOL because of it. My wait time was around 20 mins not bad. It was crowed during my visit there. The service I got was good. The food that came out was better then I expected if not better then the California locations.
It's a PF Changs... so obviously it wouldn't be anywhere near the top of my list when choosing a dining location in a city full of unique and ever-changing options. But for a quick happy hour snack at a restaurant conveniently located in our hotel? Yes, that's acceptable. 

I will say probably stay away from their specialty drinks. None of those went over too well in the group. But do go for the mini shot-glass desserts... and order one of each to pass around.
I really enjoy coming here... 

Their food is good not great but good, I mainly come here for the atmosphere and the good service. 

I've ordered everything from their Orange Chicken to their Broccoli & Beef to their Sesame Chicken and nothing is that spectacular but it's good food. I do like their appetizers such as their Egg Rolls and Crispy Green Beans very delicious. I also like their cocktails they have many to choose from. 

I like to get the Coconut Lemon Sour and the Dragon Martini very tasty. 

Overall I would come here again because I always have fun, it's very sheik and I enjoy the service and decor. 

FYI don't come here if your expecting great Chinese food like I said it's just good!
My wife  and  I have dinner here on my birthday.
What a terrible food experience.
The "beef with broccoli" was "extremely" SALTY and I had to tell tell the waitress. They took off  its cost of my bill.
Both brown and white rice were very DRY !
Went out for a nice dinner date. We were asked if we wanted to sit upstairs and had to walk upstairs and wait halfway on the stairs for the hostess. One thing I thought was a little bad becase what of elderly people in the middle of the stairs?
Anyways, we were seated very fast and our server Daisy was awesome. It took the drink person a while to get our drinks but Daisy was always there and made sure we were sattifsfied. We ordered 3 entree;s to share and about 10 margaritas lol the pomegranate margaritas were the BOMB!

Price is fairly high, being on the strip and stuff... but oh well. it was GOOD
On our last day in Vegas, the b/f and I wanted to get a nice hearty lunch, so P.F. Chang's it was.  My first statement as we sat down was "we have to get the lettuce wraps."  And my statement to you if you've never had them is "you have to get the lettuce wraps."  They were just as good as usual.

We had a nice time.  Our server was good but quite talkative.  I'm sure he was just trying to be sure we were having a nice stay but he just did a lot of talking when we wanted to have a nice lunch to ourselves.  So not really anything wrong, just too much.

The boy got the beef and broccoli lunch portion and it was good.  I got my usual low mein with shrimp.  It's my favorite so why get anything else.  

Alll in all, had a nice time here and the food was good like it is at other PF Chang's.  

I should remind you...if you are looking for authentic, remember that this is a chain restaurant in America.  You get my point.
I heard about the happy hour specials and timed our visited in between 3-6PM and was glad there wasn't a wait either.  Yes, every time I visit PF Changs, I hope it's as good experience as my first few visits and then I usually leave a little disappointed. 

I ordered 3 items, and yes I know my eyes were bigger than my stomach but I wanted to try many items and they were on special.  I got the pork dumplings, 3 for $3.25, 6 crab wontons for $5, and lettuce wraps with chicken for $6.  I thought the dumplings were going to be like the ones at dim sum since they advertise it like that but it was they were more like potstickers steamed instead of fried.  The wontons were crispy and the filling was alright.  I did like the plum sauce that was served with the wontons.  There was a lot of chicken for the lettuce wraps.  I could barely finish 2, and was glad my husband was able to eat the rest of the chicken.

The service was good and the atmosphere is not bad, a little dark, but comfortable.  I would probably give it 3.5 if I could.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will likely try another restaurant for Chinese food.
I know what you're thinking. "You went all the way to Las Vegas just to eat at P.F. Chang's?!"  The answer is yes, but let me explain.

My boyfriend and I were in town while my parents were also there. On some level I guess you could call them high rollers. That's different than being a baller. A baller would drop bills at a really fancy place. Not my parents, although they're not cheap either. Oh, and my grandmother was in Vegas too. She's cool, but simple. Nothing too flashy.

That's where P.F. Chang's comes into the picture.  It's a nice balance of fancy decor and unscale-ish food.  This is a big restaurant with a second floor.  That's where we sat and it was nice to be above the din of the casino.

The prix fixe menu is awesome. That's what Tyler and I chose. Two people get 4 courses for $45.  It turned into a lot of food and everything came out just as it should have (hot and well timed).  My only complaint would be about the batter on the shrimp, but I guess that's to be expected at a chain Chinese restaurant.
I've eaten at PF Chang's a few times and it is always a C-.  I really didn't like any of the dishes I had this time and I think I have to remind myself that even when desperate and starving, I should find somewhere else to go.
On a Sunday afternoon, we were buffeted out and Dennys was a long wait. Remembering positive P.F. Chang's experiences, we gave it another try.
  The visit started off positive, when there was no wait to get in. We sat in an elevated booth, with a good view of the football game on TV.
  I was satisfied with the shrimp lo mein, and shrimp fried rice. I had one gripe with the won ton soup. I felt that a bowl that serves three people was short on won ton.
  In my opinion, this is a restaurant that is ideal for eating with others. It seems that popular Chinese food staples including fried rice and won ton soup are only served in family size portions.
 The visit ended off positive. One day we'll probably return here when my family is in town.
Placed a take out order, and I MUST say , Their sucked. Fried rice was mushy and tasteless, grilled salmon was dry. In general, their food was Tasteless and greasy. This is like the 2nd time I had this experience with this restaurant, different location. The 1st was in a New jersey location (that was a dine in), 2nd and LAST was this las Vegas.
Good food and good service.
The quality of food, service, and prices are all decent.
Why did we go to P.F. Chang's in LAS VEGAS, of all places? Let me explain.

1. It's the only place which has a respectable vegetarian selection. Las Vegas is shockingly ill-equipped to handle vegetarians! 
2. It's a good break from all the buffets and the mile long queues.
3. It has decent food at decent prices, and its right on the strip.

Enough said!
We went here for our 7th anniversary dinner. They had an awesome prix fix menu that included soup, appetizer, main course and dessert for only $44.95. What a deal for two people. The service was fine, even though it was packed. We were able to get a table on the heated patio immediately with our reservations. Great place to go for good food.
on 2/25 we hosted a 21st bday weekend for 16....the restaurant chosen for the bday dinner was P.F.Changs @ Planet Hollywood Hotel.  Everything was pre-arranged with Darnella, the manager. Private room was already booked so we were to be seated in main dining area. The table they set up was upstairs facing the "strip"; absolutely beautiful view. Our waiter, David, was fantastic; so attentive....  The food was good; as I expected.  I truly felt that our service was as if we were in a 5 star restaurant.  So impressed.  they brought out a huge; bday dessert (delicious choc cake) at the end of our meal to celebrate the special bday. I reluctantly chose P..F. Changs after the other asian fusion restaurant I selected had some issues.  I didn't want a "chain" restaurant, but I was running out of time to book.
I would highly recommend anyone planning a large dinner party in Vegas; not overlook  this P.F. Chang's for the reasons I almost had.  I pre-ordered the food; which was a better value.
every time we come to vegas we stop by for happy hour and for the price the food is pretty darn good, the wines are good but the service is Excellent! every time we get great service-it amazes me how consistent they are, sit at the bar and you will get taken care of very well!
Always a good place anywhere you go.  It's a solid 4 stars.  I had another great meal here with some co-workers.
The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked
Yes, of all places to eat in Vegas, I choose PF Changs. Wanted something assuredly gluten free. Sat at the bar so no wait. Server was impartial to me but at least knowledgeable of my gf requirements. Ordered lettuce wraps which were to my liking. $4 drinks for happy hour, yes please. 4 stars for being a reliable gluten free restaurant no matter what city I'm in.
Absolutely AWFUL service. 
We were originally told a wait time of 40 minutes, and this progressively grew throughout our wait. So after about 45 minutes of waiting, we asked again how much longer of a wait. At this point, we were told it would be about another fifteen minutes. 25 minutes after THAT, we asked again and were told it would be another 10-15 minutes. 
At this point, people that were JUST walking through the door were being told they had a 15 minute wait.... 
WAIT GUESS: 40 min
WAIT TOTAL: about an hour and a half

On top of this, the lady who was at the front desk should not be a front of house person, on top of having seriously bad time guessing skills (which is part of her job), she had horrid customer service skills.  

The only positive was our waitress. She was great, very attentive!

While I am usually a PF Changs fan, I would NEVER give my hard earned money to this poorly run establishment.
I am always a fan of PF Chang's, but the one in Las Vegas had a special menu where large groups can order by paying per person and get unlimited appetizers and entrees,  I think we paid $27pp and got two appetizers and 4 entrees along with white and brown rice.  If we ran out of anything, they would bring out more.  The food was good and the service was excellent.  The only downside was the excruciatingly long wait.  They said 45 minutes, but it ended up being a hour and a half!
I love this place.... the lettuce wraps, mangolian beef, chicken lomein... It was all tasty.  Plus it was kid friendly for a classier place to eat.  The staff was super nice. I will always come back. :)
Salt n pepper calamari was delicious along with their lobster sauce shrimp worth every dollar spent and the service was great
PF Changs food is always good and consistant.  The lower rating was for the over crowded resturant with an extremely long wait.
Reasonably good, but mediocre by normal PF Changs standards. Service is pretty bad. ambiance not up to their usual standards.
Excellent service and delicious food. I even showed up pretty late before closing one night and the staff seemed to mind. I'm sorry for that by the way! The manager and our server both took amazing care of my party and dealt with our late night antics. Last night in Vegas and Redbulls.. I'm sure you get it. Thanks for everything! P.F. Changs in Vegas is the best!
This place is always good, and when you are in Vegas and want a "cheaper" option, this will do! There was a bit of a wait, but that's was ok with us, we just sat and gambled a bit! Once we got a seat, we were sat outside, which was so nice and warm out, BUT we were literally sat behind a big column thing, which blocked us from all views of the other patrons and it was VERY dark there! We asked for more candles or if we could be moved somewhere else, the staff tried to be accommodating but since the restaurant was really full...they couldn't move us, but gave us 2 candles...oh well..we were too hungry to care that much. They food was great, I ordered the schizuan (sp?) scallops...soo good and spicy!!! Yum!!! My sister had the beef with scallions? I seriously think there was maybe 7 pieces of steak, tiny pieces, and a bagillion scallions!! My sister was not too happy. They also forgot her order of calamari...
It was good. there were 7 of us. We ordered a table full of items and shared. Excellent lettuce wraps, egg rolls, etc. All in all it was consistent with P.F. Chang's.
Went here for my birthday weekend in Vegas. We had a great time. The wait was about 45 minutes but it went by pretty fast since we were able to gamble while waiting. We ordered the honey chicken, egg drop soup, mongolian beef, and double pan friend noodles. Everything was great. They didnt sing happy birthday but they brought over a small dessert with a lit candle. It was really rich chocolate cake with some kind of raspberry bottom and chocolate frosting and chocolate chips on top.
One of my more decent meals in Vegas. But why is everything so salty? Not to the point that it's inedible but almost so. but comparably much better and priced more reasonably than the Asian fusion restaurant Dragon Noodle Co. in my hotel (Monte Carlo)
Make a reservation. We eat here almost every time we are in Vegas. Food is consistently good. Service is good most of the time. I like the sesame chicken, mongolian beef, and the fried rice. Dessert, the bananas, are very good. 

Watch your bar tab here, as most drinks add up pretty quickly, $9 margarita. Very good though....
I've most def had a better experience at other P.F. Chang's locations in CA. The service was bad, the waiter would forget about us. And the food was so hard to swallow mainly because it was so salty. It was a different taste than the ones here in LA, and I always order the same thing. The alcoholic drinks came fast, though. That's what earned them this extra star.
Best Chinese food I recommend reservating or  tipping was a big line feel sorry for the low ballers
I've been going to PF chang's for year's now.. and this place has never let me down.. I highly suggest the Sea Bass Fish , and the Ribs.. It is to die for! Also for starters order the lettuce wraps.. I normally dine at the District @ Green Valley Ranch but i just happen to be here at planet hollywood.. i would also suggest calling ahead for reservations so the wait isnt too long.. Place might be a bit noisey but who cares my grou group over powered the noise level and i think we were the noisey ones in the place! For dessert order the great wall of chocolate.. I msut say for those of you who wants authentic chinese food this is not the place to go.. keep in mind this is American style chinese food but still the bomb! hehe
I wish I could rate my service higher.  I have NEVER received such outstanding service as I did at the bar from Juan (I was there for dinner).  He was SO on top of his job.  The restaurant was packed and I could have been convinced I was the only person dining.
PF Chang's should be extremely proud of him and what he brings to the dining experience at this location.
The food was, as always, fantastic.
Was staying at Planet Hollywood for the weekend and needed a quick, good dinner on a Saturday night. Decided to get take out from here because the wait for a table was ridiculous. The place was jacked. Placed an order at their take out window and sat down at the last seat on the end of the bar, which was three deep. As crowded as it was, the bartender noticed little ol' me and asked me if I needed anything. When I said I was just waiting for a to-go order, instead of asking me to give my seat up, he gave me a free coke. 

Got my food (spring rolls, sesame chicken and dan dan noodles) and took it back to my room. It was fresh, perfectly seasoned and just what the hangover doctor ordered. I thought all chain restaurants were basically the same, but this location had, but far, the best food I've ever had from a PF Chang's, and i've been to about five of them all over California.

If you want really shitty PF Chang's, buried in salt with stale or undercooked rice, served by unapologetic waiters who bring you more of the same when you try to send you dish back, I recommend the one in downtown San Jose. Epically bad. How these two restaurants belong to the same company is one of life's mysteries.
Always try to go to PF Changs when I am on vacation and this one is my favorite. Great atmosphere, great service and great food. 
Only bad thing is that waiting area is located right where the servers come out with food and drinks, constantly have to watch not to hit them in the crammed small area right when you walk in.
This is more of a general review of the chain itself, having eaten at two separate P.F. Chang's chain restaurants. 

I think the food is so average that the prices are bizarre. Actually, some of it is below average, because it is so darn salty. I was with four other people, and we all ate the beef and broccoli, and it was so salty that we had to complain even though we didn't want to. The waitress insisted that that's how they normally make it and that we would have to inform them next time if we want it less salty. So, the waitress gave a newly cooked and less salty plate of beef and broccoli. You could barely taste the flavoring of all the dishes. I have had the kung pao shrimp twice, and it lacked any kind of spiciness. Not even a hint. The kung pao shrimp was also salty, as well as the sweet and sour soup. We did the dinner for two and for the amount of meat they give, the amount of rice is lacking. 

I guess the pricey has to do with the high end appearance and up keep of the restaurant itself. It is nice and the servers are nice, but I definitely would not go there again. It's overrated and expensive.
This place was an ok place.  I was not amuzed with the slow service.  There were 6 people working the front desk.... (you dont need that many people) We gave our names atleast 3 times to 3 different people who skipped over us and sat other parties that came in after us.  Ended up waiting for about 45 mins with a 10 min quoted time.  Our server was very good, but I noticed the people around us who had different servers ordered before us and got our food after us.

Their mai tai's sucked.  Drinks were not strong, or atleast descent for restaurant quality.  Food was ok.  Portions are a lot smaller then the other PF Changs.  One thing I did like about this restaurant is that they are not over priced for being on the strip, its the same pricing as other PF Changs.
I was in Vegas for a conference in June and just happened I had some PF Chang gift cards (two adding up to $35 worth) that have been in my wallet for some time.  My friends and I walked over to PF Changs from MGM Grand - Very walkable distance and great spot on The Strip.  We had to wait for 20 minutes for our table, but we were given one of those vibrating, light-flashing coasters to let us know when our table was ready, so we went outside to wait and people watch until our table was ready.  Awesome dry desert heat, interesting people, and view.

We got a great booth and the service was awesome.  I asked if I could apply both gift cards to our total bill and he said of course I could. Win! :) The meals were reasonably priced and took about 15-20 minutes to get to our table.  We all ordered something different and I was hankering for some noodles.  Not sure what I ordered but I think it was deep friend noodles that were then stir fried.  What was I thinking...Anyway, the sauce was thick and the meal sat heavy in my tummy.  The food wasn't super duper in my book, but then I've only had one dish there so far.  Nothing super spectacular about the food that we ordered but we loved the restaurant, location, and service.  You can't beat that!  Oops, wait.  My friend ordered a shrimp dish that was actually fresh and delicious looking.  I will definitely go to PF Changs again to give it another try and we have one here in Seattle.  Next time I will try something less fried.  It's definitely worth checking out if you are in Vegas for the experience, price, and decent menu.  I did love the iced tea, though. Very refreshing. :)
I went to this place because of the award that they recieved for best cocktail menu for chain restaurant.  I avoid chains.  This was good though.  I had the black tea gimlet.  It was nice.  You could taste the tea, elderflower, sage, and citrus.  I ate the lamb, the one with the cumin and mint.  The malbec went with it nice.  I like sheep.
I was a little irritated that I was eating at a chain restaurant while in Las Vegas, but it was my cousin's anniversary dinner so of course, she gets to pick.  After being grumbly about the situation, I actually REALLy enjoyed my meal.  I had just recently eaten at another PF Changs, but this experience was much better.  

Because we had two couples we each ordered the meals for two and shared everything.  I had the egg drop soup and it was REALLY good.  I also had a taste of the wonton soup.  Also good, but I do love egg drop soup!  We had these yummy pan fried pork dumplings and chicken lettuce wraps to start and then we all shared the Pepper Steak, Crispy Honey Chicken, Crispy Honey Shrimp, and Mongolian beef.  My cousin also added a noodle dish.  OH MY GOSH!  Way too much food!  But it all tasted really good and we really enjoyed the meal.  There were two boxes of food to take home afterwards.

The service was timely and attentive, even thought the restaurant was quite busy.  We had a reservation, so there was no wait to be seated.  

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to someone looking for Asian food at the Planet Hollywood.  It's a chain, but it is good, I admit it!

WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?
~Not be a chain restaurant?  I don't think that's entirely fair, but for me what makes a five star restaurant is something unique.  I can eat at a PF Changs any time, anywhere, so that takes away a little something from the experience.
My facorite location, after a few days non stop drinking in Vegas, I really need salty food to absorb leftover alcohol in me to feel slightly better...I've always liked the decor and seatings here.

The hangover cure food I usually like to order: 
Chang's vegetarian lettuce wraps, made with tofu: so yummy, no matter how hangover I am, I still need veggies ;p 

Hot & Sour soup, chicken, tofu, bamboo shoots, egg & mushrooms, balanced with hot white pepper and vinegar: this is a MUST for hangover! Always makes me much better.... Very delicious

Pepper steak, marinated flank steak tossed with yellow onion, red & green peppers in a garlic and black pepper sauce: hubby's favorite

Hunan-style hot fish, Crispy slices of tilapia in a tangy, spicy sauce with stir- fried vegetables: Spicy spicy spicy, only way for bad hangover! 

I like all those dishes with Taingtao beer, service is always good. Funny I like Americanized Chinese food much better than authentic Chinese food, I like salty sometime for some reasons, but never greasy and oily, P.F.Chang food is salty without greasy, just what I need & love sometime! ;p
WOOHOO - Shoutouts to the Mongolian Beef!!  

We had never tried a PF Chang's before, and, were delightfully surprised!  Found out after they are new to Canada, and, have opened a location in Toronto (which we are going to try after our experience in Vegas).  

Our waiting was cool - young kid from Oregon, working in Vegas.  The crowd there - eclectic.  A little bit of everything.   

Our server made the PF Chang 'secret sauce' right at our table for our Spring Roll appetizer.  

The 'piece de resistance' was the Mongolian Beef - our entree.  WOW!  Taste explosion!  (and apparently what they're known for)

It's Americanised Chinese food - not authentic, but, still delicious.  Know this going in (for any food snobs - I like traditional Chinese food, as well).

This was one of my favorite meals in Vegas, and, you don't have to break the bank.  Recommended!
Every trip to Vegas includes a meal at PF Changs. Great food and great service!
The food here is very good and since it's on the strip you'd think the food would be $$$$ but really it's very affordable especially during lunch time. All the lunch specials include a soup and appetizer and the serving is very generous for the price. They have a dining area on the 2nd floor and you have a great view of the Cosmopolitan and the Bellagio fountains from your window seat.
We love this place and go there every time we are in Vegas. This last time was especially pleasant and worthy of a glowing review. We had a group of 3 because one of our group was not a Chinese food fan, but he experienced a change of heart and decided to try it, so he joined us. Our waitress handled that expertly and did not seem annoyed by the extra order after we'd placed ours. Everything arrived at the same time with no delays. And everything was DELICIOUS as usual. Soup, drinks, entrees, all good! It always seems crowded when we are there but they seem to be able to handle it well. We love the view from the outdoor patio, too! Great people watching!
3.2 Stars
Had a private room for dinner on New Years Eve with our group of 13 to avoid the crowds about two years ago. It was nice and big enough. Servers were really friendly too. The food was just alright, nothing special (this was my 1st of 2nd time at PF Changs). Dessert service was great though. The waiter or waitress (I can't remember) gave us visuals of the desserts so we could choose what we wanted. I had a Cheesecake and it was really good. We ended the night watching fireworks from part of our parties hotel room at New York, New York hotel.
Another chain. Not the biggest fan of chains as I say a million times.

PF's was the only place open, that had reasonably priced food.

It's not real chinese food, but a good attempt at trying to make it so.

I've eaten at a few PF"s now, they are all the same, food taste the same, service is the same, and decor is always spectacular.

It's a reliable place to get consistent food for sure.
I love this chain but you will most likely be disappointed with this particular restaurant.  Located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, and along the strip, it's easy enough to locate if you're in the mood.

But with so many great restaurants all nearby, I'd skip this place.

My main problem with this restaurant is it's poorly managed.  The food is as good as any PFChangs but the people don't seem to care and the manager doesn't follow instructions very well at all.

A group of 40, we had done countless emails back and forth with directions on what we wanted and what time we'd be there.  Of course when we arrived, they weren't ready for us and on top of that, the menu was wrong.

Tighten the screws people!
Went to P. F. Chang's during a recent trip to Vegas.  The restaurant is located inside  the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  I had eaten at a different P. F. Chang's before and had a comparable experience.  The food and service are consistently good, and the beer and wine selection is excellent (compared to other Chinese restaurants).  I would give this restaurant a solid 3.5 rating if you rate by half points.
WOW.  The service here is GREAT!!  I called for reservations for 5pm.  I got there at 5 pm.  And I was sitting at my table before 5:01 came.  The waitress was great.  The food came out in lighting fast fashion.  The food was great and the dessert was freshly made.  I definitely recommend this PF Changs.
Waited long time to be seated and they put us in the worst possible both just because we came with our 4 kids...it took the food hours to be served and there. We had the soup and after two bites i found a hair in mine...we told them to take it and they didn't even took it off the check at the end. The food consistency was poor - we ordered the same dish twice and one was really good while the other wasn't 

In short - expected more and was very disappointed
Our party of 9 arrived promptly at 7 for our reservation. We were seated immediately after the whole group arrived. We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps as an appetizer and it was delicious! It was a perfect mix of flavors and was very juicy. They didn't shorthand us on the meat either. For entrees, we ordered multiple items, but the one that stood out the most was the Mongolian Beef. It's my absolute favorite and I can eat a whole plate by myself! It has a great slight garlic flavor and the green onions are a good touch. 

There was only one problem, however. There were a set of twins who had a birthday and even though we didn't order any dessert, they charged for the two chocolate mousses that were "complimentary". We didn't realize until afterwards on the bill, and I wish I saw it before so that I could ask about it. 

Service was good, nothing memorable. He wasn't around too much, but was there when our glasses needed to be refilled. 

Overall, it was a good experience because of the people I was with. I would come back, of course, just for that Mongolian Beef!
So hungover, must replenish fluids with won-ton soup and green tea - Enter PF Changs. It is quick, cheap and will do the trick. I don't overly love it, there are a million places on the strip that I personally would rather go to for lunch but this PF's is a favourite of my other half. I swear if there were loyalty rewards for lifetime achievement of Hot & Sour soup consumption, he would win!  So, inevitably I end up here at least a few times a year. Here are the things on the menu I can recommend for your day after, tequila soaked tummy: Won ton soup, chicken lettuce wraps, Kung-Pow chicken and I do like the mango chicken even though the sauce resembles a colour not naturally found in nature. Oh there is a very extensive Gluten Free menu, so props to that. 

**Note none of these dishes are overly authentic. For a much better Asian nosh head across the street to Noodles in the Bellagio.  However, it will cost you double!
Normally, I'm a fan of PF Changs. This experience was quite mediocre. 

I guess it's because they will get tourists no matter if they're good or bad being on the strip. That is disappointing--I will highly recommend you go somewhere else. You have so many good restaurants in Las Vegas. Even Panda Express if you want Chinese-ish food down the street. If you have access to a car, head over to Chinatown for some good authentic food.

A few unforgiveables here--my tea was lukewarm. That's awful for any restaurant. No one served our soup--another thing that servers do even in the ghetto-ist of Chinese restaurants.... Our server was kind of a ditz as well. 

Sigh... I know I will be back at PF Chang's. Just not this one.
My flight back to DC was at midnight two Sundays ago.  I still had my room at Planet Hollywood and it was dinner time and I was starving.  I was going to be eating by myself, something that I usually don't enjoy doing so I tried to be good and quell my hunger with a fabulously healthy and nutritious Strawberry Whirl (with Immunity boost.. god I don't want to get this flu!) which I got inside the millennium mall next door.  I was restless and alone and needed some fresh air so I took a walk outside in the cold air with my cold drink around the corner to see what was going on at Krave.  Krave is gone.  It closed in October of last year and will be opening downtown in a few months or so the nice valet for the tony looking Italian restaurant that abuts the former Krave location informed me.  I headed back around the corner into the bright lights of the strip.  My Jamba Juice cup was empty.  My hunger was coming back full force.  I felt light headed and in need of comfort.  

I headed into PF Chang's and got a seat at the bar and ordered a Sapporo and some Sesame chicken and struck up a conversation with my neighbors at the bar who were drinking saki and having a good time.  The vibe was great here.  Tony, my server, gave me excellent quick  friendly up beat service.  After I was warmed up a bit with my food and friendly surroundings two beefy cowboys from Houston took the seats on the other side of me at the bar.  They ended up drinking saki too and we had a great time talking and I didn't feel like I was eating or drinking alone any more.   My other neighbors left, and needless to say my cowboy neighbors corrupted me into ordering saki as well and I dragged my meal out for a few hours just drinking and talking with them.  They seemed to appreciate my company as much as I did theirs, but when 10PM rolled around I had to pull myself away and get my luggage from my room (just steps away upstairs at PH) and jump in a cab to the airport.  I did get their numbers though.

Thanks, PF Changs for delivering consistent good food and friendly service.  Wether it's Bentonville AK, Tyson's Corner VA, or even the strip in Las Vegas, NV.  You guys deliver and provide a nice atmosphere conducive to a relaxed good time.

FYI.. The Large Saki I ordered was only $6.50 and packed a punch and I don't even think it was happy hour at the time since it was well after 8PM.. what a value!
Lord smite me now, cuz I never thought I'd see a day where I'd give L'Atelier Joel Robuchoun two stars and PF Chang's a three, but karma dictates that I follow up a crap review with a glowing one, which is what my review of PF Changs at Planet Hollywood on the Vegas Strip is all about.

Now, I KNOW PF Chang's is about "fusion" (read - fake) Chinese/Asian food, and I KNOW they're a chain, but they have tasty (albeit really salty) food, at reasonable prices - even on the Vegas Strip.

During our four-day stay, we dined here twice - once late night for some noodles and egg rolls; and the second for happy hour (3:30pm to 6:30pm).  The first experience, when we sat in the dining room on the main floor, was OK, but the second time, when we sat at the upstairs (YES, THERE'S AN UPSTAIRS BAR) with bartender Brandon, our server, was even better.

Without a doubt, Brandon was the most sincere and professional service person we've met up on our Vegas trip.  Everywhere you go on the Strip, from the baristas at Starbucks to the guys hustling shows on the overpasses to the check-in clerks at your hotels - people are wanting something from you (ie. Tips) and you get fake, effusive service as a result.  Not Brandon.  He was swamped with drinks, being the only bartender for the entire two-floor restaurant, but kept his humor and gave us great service.  We had HH chicken lettuce wraps (always great), northern style spareribs (just ok), and egg rolls (just ok), as well as the Organic Agave Margaritas, which were great.  (And cheaper during HH!)  I'm so glad our last night in Vegas was spent at that bar with Brandon; he made the experience of being there a little more memorable.
Tasty Tasty! Just dont sit in the booth by the front door in the winter. You will freeze your booty off!
The food is okay. Nothing to write home about. If you have a craving for Chinese food then it will do the trick otherwise go somewhere else. The prices were a bit high too. You are getting fastfood quality with restaurant prices
Consistent. HIGHLY recommend reservation. Also, show up prior to reserved time. Somewhat chaotic. Food good with large portions. Reasonably priced for Vegas!
I made reservations for 7pm.  When I arrived the hostess rudely told me I didn't have a reservation. No apology. No smile. Our server stepped on my husbands shoes and didn't say excuse me. The calamari was so salty I had to return it!
Typical PF Changs. Hot and sour soup was so good. I had the Chilean sea bass. Which was really good.  We also had the dynamite shrimp which was good. My husband had the orange chicken which he liked but it wasn't what he expected he wanted it to be more on the sweet side but it was still tasty. We also had the salted caramel cake dessert and it was amazing. It was also kind of cool to sit outside you could seee the fountains across the street while you're eating.
Always so yummy!
On another trip to this fine restaurant, we were happy to see that the dedication to the customer experience is still in place. We were just off the plane and hungry, and our lunch was delivered very quickly! The manager on duty was checking on tables and greeting customers, and he was not above removing a used plate or two. Nice touch!
P.F. Change's top tips:

-Make a reservation if you're going for dinner. 
-There is a gluten free menu section
-Veggie-friendly
-Yummy cocktails (my favorite was the coconut lemon sour)
-Outdoor seating
Love the lettuce wraps for a light lunch option! Our server wasn't all warm and friendly, but he did well, our food came fast, very inexpensive, we were happy :)
This P/F Chang's is located on the casino floor of Plant Hollywood Hotel and Casino. I had never been to a P.F. Chang's before, and wanted to check it out before I left Vegas, so my bf and I had a quick bite to eat here after we checked out, and before we went to the airport.  

The restaurant was pretty full, but there was plenty of space at the bar, so we sat there.  I ordered the lettuce wraps, and my date the pork dumplings.  These were both pretty good. For entree my bf ordered the Mongolian beef, and I had the dan-dan noodles.  My bf loved his beef, but it was waay too salty for me. I was excited for my dan-dan noodles to come out because that's my favorite food at my favorite  Chinese restaurant back home, but these did NOT deliver, and I was pretty damn sad. :(  I hardly ate any of my noodles.  Sadness.

It's definitely an Americanized Chinese food place, but they have a wider selection of traditional Chinese dishes, which I appreciated.  I'll prob come back here if I'm staying at Plane Hollywood, but am going to avoid the Mongolian beef and unfortunately my beloved dan-dan noodles. :(
Horrible!  We waited for over an hour for 3 gluten free fried rice dishes and one other dish.  Finally had to ask to see the manager.  He was stunned we were waiting. Many, many other tables had come and gone.  Our waitress never once came to our table to talk about the wait.  The manager then claimed it was because we had gluten free.  We eat at PF Changs often. This was not a gluten free - takes an hour issue.  It was a bad waitress and cook staff issue!  Will not go back to this location ever!
What can I say?  I'm a sucker for americanized asian food.  I was surprised by how good the service was for our group of 5 considering this PF Chang's is inside the busy Planet Hollywood casino.  We were seated quickly for dinner in a large booth that comfortably fit all of us.  Our server was very good at making suggestions and making sure we didn't go dry.  

I love Chang's spicy chicken and the fried rice.  If you've been buffeting it up for a while you'll probably want to share a meal with someone here because the portions are HUGE.  I also love the Kirin draft beer - I don't get to have this very often!  

This is a great option on the strip if you're tired of buffets and overly expensive steakhouses.
This review is strictly for the upstairs bartender that was working on 4/13. 

So we had tickets that night for the Beatles LOVE show over at the Mirage, but we wanted to eat first. We tried a few places but they all had a two hour wait. We go over to PF Changs which had an hour wait so we put our name down. Out of nowhere a bartender comes downstairs and says there are seats at the upstairs bar we can sit at, and we wouldn't need to wait. SCORE!! That's what I call being in the right place at the right time.... We head upstairs and order our drinks plus our food. The bartender was very nice and had great customer service. We were able to have a few drinks, eat, and still make it to our show on time. 

I give this bartender 5 stars.... And we gave him a hefty tip! The flying kiss in my profile picture is for people like him.
It was okay I've been there before in California. I think this 1 is a little different for me sometimes depends on the location but I didn't really enjoy it Planet Hollywood. Get customer service but other than that I didn't really enjoy the food there. If it is a next time maybe I should try the 1 in Green Valley.
We always ask for gift cards to this place during Christmas for our Vegas trips. It's nestled inside Planet Hollywood Hotel, where you can see the slot machines and what not from the bar. We've only sat at the bar. So this review is for the bartenders, who are great! 

Hands down my favorite thing on the menu: Chicken or Vegetarian Lettuce Wraps. Pear Mojitos. And the steamed dumplings. 

They have a killer happy hour. Awesome service. Nice bartenders. Comfy chairs.
Service was NOT impressive! I asked for a corner table which was unoccupied, for my mom and myself, but the hostess said something about it not being available. The freaking row of tables there was empty!!
After we were seated and placed our order. A couple came in and long and behold the hostess gave them the table I wanted! There was no reservation whatsoever at this place so WTF?????
GREAT WALL OF SALT

We came here late on a Saturday night, after a long day of work. We were starving and just needed food. PF Chang's would not have been my first choice but one of the guys in our group was vegetarian, so we had to play it safe. 

We decided to sit outside and do some people watching, while we were waiting for our food and drinks. There was a lot of crazy action on the strip.  Hey it is Vegas and every night is crazy.  The strange thing we noticed was that everyone stops to take a photo with the PF Chang Statue in front. Why? Those people aren't even eating here. Do they show there friends back home a photo of them standing on the strip in front of the PF Chang's Statue? Vegas tourists can be a little weird. 

Our waitress Kristina seemed to have a little attitude but then we found out she was originally from New York and that explained a lot. I know that sounds bad but I mean it as a compliment.  She was sassy and full of attitude but then after realizing she was from NY we knew she was actually being nice.

I started my night out with the organic margarita. It is one of my favorites. In fact, I make these same drinks at home. Yes I stole the recipe from the PF Chang's in Mountain View, CA.  My coworkers all went with Mai Tai's. We totally needed drinks after our long day. See most people come to Vegas to have fun. For the last 20 years I have been coming here for work, so I really do not know what Vegas fun is anymore.  As you can tell because I am getting excited about an organic margarita. Look out Vegas I am on fire.

We then decided to order a bunch of food. We started out with the two orders of the lettuce wraps...one chicken and one veggie. The tofu in the veggie lettuce wrap was disgusting.  We also got a tuna Tataki, which was really yummy. My favorite part was the jalepeno on top. I always like some spicy to my food.

For dinner we decided to grab a variety of dishes. We ordered the shrimp, chicken & pork fried rice, Chang's spicy chicken, Tofu Pad Thai and the Kung Pao chicken extra spicy. 

Everything was edible but extremely salty.  We needed a couple of rounds of water to wash the salt down.  Honestly it was almost hard to eat but we were so hungry we just kept going. And I was not the only one at the table that made that comment, so I knew I was not being salt crazy.

I would like to feel like I know authentic food.  One of the best things in my life was getting to work in Asia and actually getting to experience the amazing food. But the bad part about these experiences is that it ruins the taste of most of the Asian food available in America including chains like these. 

To recap my evening here: Our waitress was great. My drinks were delicious but the food was just okay. I can hardly believe, at one time, I was in love with PF Changs but I am just not in love with it anymore. I wish I could share more but I just wasn't that impressed.  I honestly don't have that much to say, which is strange for me.
I've eaten at this PF Changs 2 other times.  Reviews not written back then because they were all pre-Yelp.  One thing consistent with both experiences was the long wait.  And because Pei Wei (aka their baby cousin) taste pretty much the same, I never made my way back here. 

Well, my most recent visit was for a friend's wedding celebration.  Congratulations Jenny on wedding number #3.  I know we joke about it.  3 times a charm!!

Couple of things to point out first;
1.  We had the whole upper level to ourselves
2.  The food was served buffet style
3.  Great view of the strip from our dining area

I actually liked the fact that we had the whole upstairs to ourselves.  This meant we can all enjoy the celebration without worrying about other patrons.  I knew I was eating cake later and having a couple of drinks, so I didn't take full advantage of the buffet.  I kept it to one plate.  I had their chicken lettuce wraps and their beef with broccoli.  There was a bunch of other usual's at the buffet (i.e. noodles, meins, rice, and wontons).  

The food here is always consistent. I'm still a fan of the food, just not a huge fan because the wait here always seems to take a long time.  I also spent some time at the bar catching up with friends. I had a few drinks.  The bartenders and waitresses were all efficient, at least with me.  One of my friends felt slided a little since her drinks always took forever or forgotten while mine were always right on.  All this did was just remind me about the service or lack of at the location.  But in the end, I'm not complaining because we were celebrating one of my closest friend's wedding, the food was free, and the drinks kept me happy.  


PS:  Some of the other guests thought that the service was worth 2 stars and would have written a review if they Yelped.  While some thought it was a solid 4 stars.  I guess it comes down to the individual who's reviewing this place.  For me, I think 3 stars is just about right. 

Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Beef w/Broccoli:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IKqfVSPfduTaIAjSDcli1A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Rum and Coke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=38AfMKWwu7Vahz_gpDkwiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Fortune Cookie:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=L1Dcml91sXP2wq5fRoWctQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

PF Chang's (Everyone had this):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=AJTLbeGVFpOWlKLLzsGwgg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Wedding Cake:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RU17fdP3odQM9hC_z5A9Kg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
We first tried soothing lettuce wraps at the Reno Air Races and loved them so we were pleased to get a chance to go to the restaurant it self. Figure if the food they make at an event is good the restaurant will be even better. So we visited for lunch while at CinemaCon this year. We were pleasantly surprised. Our waiter was very good. The food was just what I wanted. I can not say enough good things about our visit. Waiter (I wish I remembered his name, Has tattoos, used to have an old scooter in Reno) He did an excellent job! He recommended wine and cocktails for us, was friendly (hence how I heard he used to have a scooter, He commented on my scooter tattoo) and still very professional and attentive. We had a great time and can not wait to visit again.  Also please tell corporate we want PF Changs back at the races! We missed you in 2012!
This was a really great experience.
Sitting outside watching the Strip turn into nightmode while dining on exquisite asian foods.
The service was outstanding and the food just delicious.
The Edamame's were a great starter and plentiful at that. Enough for two people.
The ORANGE PEEL BEEF (Sichuan-style flank steak tossed with
a mild chili sauce and fresh orange
peel
 ) was amazing my tastebuds into oblivion. What an awesome receipe. I just wondered why it was marked as hot, since it wasn't really that spicey. The server gave me a choice of white or brown rice which is easy enough to do, but most asian restaurants don't do.
The CRAB FRIED RICE(Wok-fried ricewith lump crab meat, shiitake mushrooms, asparagus, egg, smoky bacon, 
zesty lemon and Sriracha) was a little bland. The asparagus was on the dot as were the other ingredients. The mixture made for an interesting taste, that might've been better with more spices.
The prices were at app. $15 / main dish and average at that.
Great food. Great service. Can't go wrong. Lettuce warps were the best.
WOW. BEST. SERVICE. AND. SERVER. EVER.

let me just say CHRIS was just AMAZING i wish i can present him award for being the best server ever! he was friendly, attentive, and just awesome. it's very rare to come across such great service. my boyfriend and i ordered shaking beef and we asked for extra onions and chris gave us a whole PLATE! we were soo amazed on how much they gave! we also ordered the scallop/ shrimp kung pao plate and loved every bite. he even brought me out a birthday cheesecake because he knew it was my 21st! i would come back just for chris as well as the food. chris is you're reading this thank you for your service and the great time.
awesome dumplings and delicious soup ! also i had the orange chicken and it tasted awesome! fast service great food, perfect lunch!
I like P.F. Chang's. I really do, however, there were a couple things that turned me off to this experience at Planet Hollywood. First off, I asked them to go light on the pepper flakes on my Kung Pao, since I am a baby when it comes to heat. And of course, it was loaded with pepper flakes. However, it didn't really  matter in the long run because our waitress's breath smelled like a dumpster and she kept breathing on me. Pop a mint, honey! I totally lost my appetite because her ass mouth and avoided conversation with her like the plague. Also, she was slower than cold tar, it took forever to get each course.
Perfect Service and good food
Food was okay. Seemed way more salty than visits to other locations. Service was okay. Typically busy because it's on the strip. Friday at 3pm. The only thing I enjoyed wass trying the new Ahi Crisp appetizer. Delicious!!!! I ordered Dan Dan Noodles and the noodles were so overcooked. The texture was not appetizing. Noodles were much different on other occasions.
Great location on the strip at Planet Hollywood. Sometimes it's nice to get food somewhere you know what to expect.  The food was just as great as home, which is what I was hoping for. Went for happy hour and sat at the bar. Brandon suggested a delicious white wine to pair with my meal. Perfect pairing. Thank you Brandon! Happy hour M-TR 3pm to 6 pm is nice if you are looking to try a couple appetizers and have a couple drinks for a reasonable price. Would come back next time in Vegas.
I love PF Changs and this location is great. Not much different from other locations but is a bit more pricey. 

Service is great and is in a great casino.
Slightly better than average is what i would say to describe the food here. The Chicken with Black bean sauce; good. The garlic noodles; good. The hot and sour soup; good. I got it to go so I can't comment on the service here, except for the person who gave us our food. She was nice. 

Seriously, it's just good.
I love PF and although every restaurant on the strip is constantly crowded and noisy, this restaurant when I visited it was not half bad with the noise. PF has amazing soup and their Mongolian beef is incredibly delicious/mouthwatering! Downtown on the strip check this place out!
Waited for 45 minutes on a weeknight before we got our table. Table view was amazing on the second floor but that was the only thing amazing during that night. Dynamite Shrimp had no kick at all, Dandan Noodles were soggy, Mongolian Beef was overcooked and chewy and our Calamari appetizer came AFTER our entrees were served. Our server was really efficient though, refilling our waters on point and following up on our calamari. But if i wanted asian/chinese food, i wouldn't go back to PF Changs.
Five stars.  I was drunk hey I was in Vegas.

I had the chicken lettuce wraps.  So good.  Hubby had Salt and Pepper Calamari I think.  Really yummy too.  It was our first time at PF Changs  

We had a blast thank you!  We were  at the bar the bartenders were great
Other locations are significantly better. This one sucks balls. Service was good, food was poor. Very dissapointed. Oh well, its Vegas this was just a bad bet.
We weren't originally gonna come here (we were gonna go to Joe's Seafood in the Caesar's Palace for some Lobster and Crab, but we were both too Tired to walk through the crowd to go there) so we settled for coming here for Dinner. It was our last meal in Vegas before we had to Pack and go to sleep for our flight back to Buffalo the next morning, so we just enjoyed it (It was my first time actually being in a P.F. Changs). We walked in and we were sat down, For our Appetizer we started off with a bowl of Egg Drop Soup (Egg Whites cooked in Chicken Broth) when it came out it was an Emperor Sized Bowl, The bowl was huge it was delicious and I'm glad they added some bite sized carrot pieces for Texture. Then we ordered some drinks, I got the Coconut Lemon Sour (Pearl Coconut Vodka, Coconut Water and Fresh Lemon Juice) Very Refreshing, something to sip on in a Beach Chair (somewhere Tropical like Hawaii). My dad just got a Plain Margarita with a Salted Rim (he said its his favorite drink). For our Entrees Dad got the Pepper Steak - Flank Steak, Bell Peppers and Onions marinated in a Black Pepper-Garlic Sauce (Steak was nicely done, I didn't care that much for the Peppers and Onions and we both thought it was a little Salty).For my Entre I got the Sichaun Scallops - Scallops breaded, fried and then coated in a Red Chili Pepper-Garlic (Perfectly Cooked, Nice Crispy Breading and a good amount of heat from the Sauce). Then I ordered another Coconut Lemon Sour and Dad ordered another Margarita, Service was Terrific, Food was Pretty Good (My first ever eating at P.F. Changs and I had a pretty Good Time), not to mention that this was my last meal in Vegas (for a While). Less than 4 Years from now I'll be return back tasting more of what Las Vegas has to Offer, Who Knows ?
Our waitress is awesome.. Dam awesome seevice
Great service and food was consistent just like the few other locations we have visited! Wish I knew our servers name..she was a doll! Favorite thing to order are the chicken lettuce wraps, Kung pow chicken, crispy honey chicken, crispy honey shrimp and dan dan noodles. Can't wait to go back!!
I had never been to a PF Chang's before eating there in Las Vegas but I was highly impressed with the experience. We ordered from the lunch menu which also came with a free soup. Julia D had tofu and brocoli and I had chicken fried rice. The portions for lunch were huge (I expected smaller) and I ended up taking the rice to eat as an afternoon snack. The combined spend for the two of us was only $30 which made it excellent value and I would happily recommend it to anyone in search of a hearty lunch in Vegas.
The setting and the view were very nice, but after coming here I will never come back to a PF changs. The prices are WAY to much for what you get, and it really pisses me off when I can go down the street to Henderson and get better Chinese or Thai for a quarter of the cost. I know they are in a prime location here but the food is the same price in all the locations even the ones that are not prime. 

And the restroom is a five minute walk away which was very annoying 

The server was one of the best servers I've ever had. 

Come here for the experience and great customer service but don't come here for the food because it sucks!!!!!!!!!
Not much to say, standard PFC food, pretty good, atmosphere might be a bit nicer than average, service was just ok on our visit.
Ok so this is the first time we have been here so not sure if all the locations are the same.   We started off with the egg rolls and they were the best egg rolls I've ever had.  Then came our entre, we ordered the shaking beef & pork lo mein for my husband and I to share.  My husband loved everything but I couldn't eat any of the meat because it was extremely salty, both the beef and the pork in the noodles were very salty so I just ate the noodles.  With that said I wouldn't take any one with high blood pressure to this place.  I don't have high blood pressure and I couldn't eat this meat.  If for some reason we decide to give this place a second chance I will have to order a vegetarian meal.
Yes, P.F. Chang's can be found pretty much anywhere.  I like to stay at PH, so this is always a convenient place to get some fake Chinese food.

My only gripe is that I called in for a take-out order and eat in my room.  I phoned in and they said it'll be ready in 15-20 minutes.  I get there at the time they said and I paid.  I waited an extra 30 minutes.  Almost an hour to get my food.  What?

And the best part?  I tried ordering a soda and the cashier for the take-out.  He still wanted to charge me almost 4 bucks for a soda.  No complimentary soda after standing in front of you for almost 30 minutes after the time they said my food would be ready?  Whatever.

It's not like the take-out line was super busy either.

I like this place out of convenience.  I think they deliver to your room too?  But I don't want to mess around with the service fees/taxes/every other fee they tack on.  Stop being lazy and pick it up and eat while you're getting ready for a night out!  Unless you want to eat there too.
I'm a big fan of PF Chang's food, and when you combine it with this great location, you just can't lose.  We were there recently and apparently some beauty pageant was going on because about 50 women wearing sashes with state names walked by as we were eating.  Needless to say, all the guys around were gawking.  That aside, the food was great as usual.  I really like everything here, but the one thing that always stands out for me is the flourless chocolate dome.  Please, save room for dessert.
This place has great Chinese food along with one of the best managers MIKE F! So thoughtful and such great customer service!!! Thank you!!!
Food is indistinguishable from any of the Chinese spots you can order by meal numbers.  Therefore, it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind paying what I did if it was a good meal but it wasn't memorable.
This was my first time eating at a P.F. Chang's restaurant and I was not impressed by their food. The flavors just weren't there!

I eat at Chinese restaurants regularly in the Bay Area and I'm not a fan of non-authentic Chinese food but I thought we'd try ordering take-out and bringing it up to our room at PH. I do have to say their take-out counter is very convenient and is located next to the entrance.

We ordered the shaking beef which was too salty.  I'm a fan of salt but this dish had way too much.  The Dan Dan Noodles were ok. It was a little mushy and lacking flavor. I've had Dan Dan noodles at a lot of other places but this one tasted different. Cheesecake was good but tell them to put the raspberry sauce on the side, it tastes gross.

Overall, if you 're looking for some take-out, staying at PH, hungry for Chinese, and have enough points on your Total Rewards players card so you don't have to pay for your meal then order here and try different dishes.  P.F Chang's is just too overpriced and their food is just ok. Total price for shaking beef, Dan Dan noodles and cheesecake was $37. We could have eaten at Gordon Ramsey's BurGr again for the same price and had a good meal but were too lazy to sit down and eat at a restaurant in addition to BurGr being super busy.
I suggest going to the Rio and eating at KJ Seafood and Dim Sum if you feel like Chinese. They have much better food!
P.F. Chang's is a staple in our annual Vegas vacation.  I know of all the places to eat in Vegas we stop here every year.  This year was a 5 star because of our waiter, Greg.  He was funny and on top of everything.  He started our night off great. 

As for the food P.F. Chang's food is always good but if you are a true Asian food connoisseur then this place is not for you.  In the end if want good food and drinks that are reasonably priced in Vegas. This is a great place.
I really enjoy PF Chang's, and this was just another great experience. It gave me solace in the vast disgusting Vegas wasteland of sadness and grime.
Who goes to Vegas & goes to PF Chang's? Rofl. Well, we were hungry, staying at Planet Hollywood & had been up since 5am. Sooooo, this is how we ended up here. PF Chang's is always great. No wait, service was good & the food was delicious! No complaints!
My first time eating at P.F. Changs.  It was fantastic and I'd highly recommend it.  It was packed but my group only had a 10 minute wait.  We ordered the honey chicken, pad Thai, Mongolian beef and fried rice.  We also had spring rolls and crab Rangoon for apps.  It all was great and some of the best fried rice I've ever had, which is an odd thing to say but it was delish so it's a must have on my list.  Our waiter was quick, friendly and he knew the menu well so he made great recommendations.
Excellent food and amazing service.  What a pleasant surprise.  We were a large group and the manager was able to accommodate us in a very short time.  His name is Chris Hodges - and PF Chang's has got a gem with this young man.  He is warm, friendly and funny.  We will definitely visit again.  Thank you Chris for making this such a wonderful experience.
Went here for lunch and the food was to our liking, as usual. We love the shrimp fried rice with plum sauce on the side. The ginger sauce on the mixer plate though, will clear your nasal way if you have any issues. It's that strong! Lol. We sat outside since it was such a nice day and had entertainment as people walked by the guy covered in gold paint, posing as a statue & scaring people. The little birds were flying around and eating rice that fell on the ground (cute but a bit annoying). Our server was decent and wait time was minimal. Overall, it was good and we are likely to return.
Came here for dinner. This restaurant is located on the strip of vegas so the view is nice, especially at night. They have indoor and outdoor seating.  Their staff and extremely friendly. Timing of food was decent for a Sunday night. Ambiance is nice, dark setting nice tables and seats. Went with the dinner meal for two people which came out to about $49.00 total after tax. Dinner meal included 2 appetizers, 1 starter,  2 entrees and 1 dessert. We also got an appetizer on the house! Gotta love free food! My husband and I went with the egg drop soup, egg rolls, orange peel chicken and pepper steak. The crab wontons were delicious,  which were on the house. 2 thumbs up.
We always enjoy PF Chang's, but this is one (located in Planet Hollywood - Las Vegas) does not fall in line with the others.  Okay service, not so great food.  Would not recommend!
What a disgrace to the chain. I attempt to go there when they first open.  The doors are locked.  They are also dirty with dried saliva on the outside.  So when we are walking away, the man comes and opens the door.  We are greeted by the host who hasn't moved an inch because he is behind his counter with his iPhone in hand and drinking tea or soda....so I ignore that....we are seated outside.  The window that faces the strip had some dried substance that looked like mucus or something...ick!!  So we are moved....then we are looking at the menu prices...I don't wanna pay that much for food when I am surrounded by mucos and saliva with bad service...I picked up and left & probably won't return....shame on you!
my friends and i came here on our first night because one can never go wrong with P.F. Chang's.  we were 10 minutes late for our reservation thanks to the Planet Hollywood employees not knowing where we could purchase tickets for the Prince Impersonator. but even though we were late, the lovely hostess sat us right away.

the look and feel of the restaurant was nice. next time, I'd love to eat upstairs in the private area where they had a wedding rehearsal dinner going on.

be daring and try this season's "Spicy Paloma" -a drink made with Jalapeo Tequila, fresh jalapeo slices, mixed with freshly-squeezed grapefruit juice. delicious and refreshing with a little kick at the end.
Walked in for a salad. We met the friendly hosts. Very nice and funny. We had a supposed 10 min wait. We ended up waiting 6. Not bad. We ordered chick wraps and the chicken salad. Nicolas birdsaw was our waiter. I repeat Nicolas birdsaw was our waiter. He made sure with a smile of course we knew who he was. The food was good. Nicolas birdsaw actually originally wasn't our waiter but because we moved and no waiter came to serve us he took over. He was very friendly and had a dry sense of humor. But service was good and food was good. No complaints.  He took control like a manager would and made sure we had a good experience.  Thank you, Nicolas birdsaw.
My wife and I are huge fans of PF Changs, so we thought it was pretty cool there was one right on the strip. It was so convenient to our location that we ate there for lunch 3 times during our stay. The food was so fresh and flavorful!! One of the exciting experiences was sitting on the patio, enjoying a bottle of Hess Cab, all while people watching.  Tyler was our server and he treated us so well!  We even had one of the managers stop by to see how our meal was and just chat with us for a bit.  That made us feel special!  Her name was Kristi.  Kristi, Tyler, and the whole staff were so kind and friendly to us.  It was a great experience and definitely merits a fourth lunch visit in the near future.   Thank you PF Changs
There is not one thing bad about this place,the service was amazing as well as the food. Portions were very large and the prices were great.
We have a PF Chang's at home in the Seattle area, but you can never go wrong with PF Chang's, and we always seem to make this a stop when we go to Vegas.  This past weekend we were heading there for dinner and my cousin (who is diabetic) wasn't feeling so well.  We were seated immediately with no reservations and the manager was so sweet, she brought her a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice.  She came over several times during our visit and checked on us.  We had an awesome time (there were 7 of us).  We ended up finding out she was from Washington State and she even worked at the restaurant we frequent in WA.  Planet Hollywood PF Chang's is awesome!!  Thank you!
Worst hostess in the world. So rude! Inappropriate....no class. All the other staff is great but you might want to reconsider the rude front line. It's not the first time this has happened to me or friends of mine.
The dinner we had at P F Chang's was one of the best meals we had during our 5 day visit to Vegas. It was the first time any of the five people in our party had been to Chang's, and we weren't sure because it is a chain restaurant.  Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great, but the best part was our server Jose.  To say he should be mentoring every server in Vegas, would be an understatement. Although he was quite busy, he made us feel like we were his only table.  We liked the food and service at Chang's so much, that we made a second trip before leaving town. For a really good, moderately priced dinner in Vegas, check out Chang's at Planet Hollywood.
This location is inside Planet Hollywood Casno.Always good service. I like to sit at the bar for a quick fix. Seasonal Menu is always worth a look along with the standard menu. Consistently open late.
We were recently here and enjoyed it immensely. My wife and I always have the lettuce wraps. These are to die for. We have yet to have a pleasant experience that any PF Changs. The staff particularly at this restaurant with very helpful in helping the tourist around Vegas. It is a tad smaller than your average Changs but it's a great place especially to get out of the heat. This is Steve justce getting lucky in Vegas. Signing off.
Very good and large portions!

Nice inside out of the sun and heat.  Our waitress was able to find out some questions we had about the strip that she did not know so that was very nice.
She also made a special sauce that was very good.
We have been to multiple PF Chang's throughout the US. This was the worst experience by far. Our server Mariam seemed to pay very little attention to our table. We literally had to call her every time we needed something. The food can be a lot better. I had to speak to the manager about the server. He was appreciative enough for our feedback. I hope we get a better experience the next time we visit since we love PF Chang overall.
The PF Changs here in Las Vegas is one of the better ones. You would think they would all be the same but they are not.  Very good food. A little pricey perhaps for some but if my husband likes it you know it's great. Pot stickers steamed for an appetizer and shrimp for dinner. Excellent.
Very disapointed with this location. Limited menu, lower quality food (dry rice) and super slow service. Not up to the high standards of the rest of the P.F. Chang chain.
There wasn't anything unique about the dishes, but it was satisfying. The service was excellent though. Our waiter was prompt, informative, and very friendly.
From start to finish our experience at PF Changs was amazing. We were seated as soon as we walked up, our drink order was taken and received within five minutes and our food arrived shortly after we ordered it.

The waitress was amazing, she was attentive and checked on us often during our meal, never letting our glass go empty.

The food was excellent, and the portions were big enough we even had some leftover for a late night snack!
Typical pj changes but huge. We waited forever in line. It was almost ridiculous. I had to go for a work adventure but everyone liked the food and the service was great. The servers are trained well here. 

We shared just about everything so I would have to say the food was really good
Obviously it's a fancy Panda Express. All Americanized but let's get to the point. When I walked in, the servers were unprofessional and ignored me for a minute. That reduces a star. The server also handed me the menu and didn't say anything. Although the waiter was kind, that's okay for now.

Sesame cucumber- under was soy sauce.. Really salty...

My entrees came and it tasted like the plates have been sitting there for seven minutes. Outside was warm/murky inside was a little hotter.

I ordered lo mein (chicken fried noodles) and coconut veggie curry.


Best was the curry but kinda salty and they give you a bowl of rice. With tips, Total was forty dollars. Blah.
This is a very busy location, but were super every time we went!  Gluten free done right at this location.  For being a very busy spot, the staff was very attentive and well trained.  They do have a walk up take out window as well if you want to just grab a bite and take it back to your room.
This place was pretty good.  One of those "safe bets" when it comes to pizza restaurants.  Nothing really out of the ordinary, but still much better than any chain.   

Of course it's in a strip mall, hello this is Arizona remember.  Staff was friendly.  Food was good, but it ain't no Cibo!
Absolutely delicious and their lunch special was perfect for a man on the go. I went in, sat at the bar, and (I believe her name was Jenny) Jenny was an awesome server. She gave me my choice of any salad on the menu and a slice of heaven, I mean pizza. She even explained what it meant to be gluten free. Not that it matters to me personally, but it's intersting to know and helpful to many I'm sure. 

Thanks guys for the great service, awesome salad(super bomb crutons that I've been dying for), and the little bit of heaven in a pepperoni covered slice of picazzo!!
This is the worst pizza I've ever had. We had our children with us, so we kept it safe with a large cheese pizza and the wedge salad. 

Let me start with the salad. Wedge salad with bleu cheese and apple-wood smoked bacon. The ranch tasted like a gross bottled on the shelf kind of ranch. The bacon was chewy and soft and the bleu cheese was mediocre. I do have to say the large at $16 would be enough to feed at least 6 adults. 

As for the pizza, I know we didn't get any gourmet specialty pizzas or toppings but any place should be able to have an outstanding cheese pizza, I mean I thought this place since they are "gourmet" and all should be able to knock a cheese pizza out of the park!!! Was I ever wrong, the crust tasted bland, I mean it absolutely had NO FLAVOR at all. The sauce was sweet, some people like that, but I'm more of a savory pizza sauce type of gal. And the cheese... so disappointing! The cheese should've been amazing!! But it tasted like really, extremely, old Parmesan... the worst part of it, this 12" pizza cost $15.50 for just some plain ol' cheese on it. I would recommend Peter Piper Pizza over this place any day of the week.
Picazzo's is very simple. When I say simple, I mean ordinary.
In all fairness to them, I did not try the pizza. But from a pasta standpoint - they used a lot of cheese on everything. Again, the salad was an italian chopped but loaded with cheese. The meal could have served two people - and it was a lunch portion!! (pasta/salad combo) So if you're looking for good portions and something to fill you up - you found your place.

This used to be Pasta Pomodoro before, and the place was beat. But they've actually done some nice work to it and it's a very pleasant dining room now. Major props for that.

I'd probably come back with a hungry, large group (kid friendly) if we wanted a casual meal. Otherwise, I'll pass and stick to more unique places.
Went to lunch with friends. One ordered 2 slices of peperoni pizza ($3.75 per slice, a bit pricey for one item slices in my mind), the other ordered the lunch special plate ($9): 1 slice of pizza (she choose cheese) with a side salad (in this case the Asian salad minus nuts). None of this was appealing to me by price or appearance. I ordered the lunch pasta plate choosing spaghetti & chicken piccata with a side salad (Cesar salad) with the drink included. My plate set me back $10.50, which is more than most people who eat lunch out during the week try to spend. Not a fan of the one item topping pizza and not gullible enough to go for the spicy Italian sausage slice at $4.25 a slice! I figured I went with my best option. 

Well as I said theirs did not look very appealing. The Asian salad dressing and few slivers of wantons was all that made this lettuce salad Asian. Usually that salad is a cabbage based salad. The pizza slices were not very large for the price by the way and are basically precooked and warmed over when ordered with whatever topping you select. NYPD does this a lot better and gives you more options to top your pizza off with and you can choose more than one. 

The spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the chicken piccata was tender and flavorful but still not outstanding and for the price was a very, very, small serving. My salad was old - ends were turning brown and it was not very crisp and the dressing thick and not so good. The small piece of bread that they rave about as homemade was dry and served without butter. I mean it was really dry! Like maybe days old dry! 

All this organic and gluten free food did not impress me. Glad I don't require a gluten free diet and have lived many years without organic indigents, because if this is a fine example of both I would quickly lose interest in food. Oh and that drink was also an organic juice based 10 oz soda that by itself sold for $2.50 when not a part of the lunch special. 

The restaurant itself sits on the corner of an unassuming strip mall. It has a small crowed patio that was full except for the 2 tables in the direct sun without umbrellas. The interior appeared clean and had a casual slightly upscale appearance but also a bit crowed by the closeness of the tables. Therefore this would not be a good place for kids.  Also they don't appear to offer desserts! And our waitress lacked personality and appeared that she would prefer to be somewhere else. 

So I give the place 2 stars which is generous with all things taken into account.
Experience all the pretension of California Pizza Kitchen with none of the service or pizza! Seriously, how snooty and obnoxious is it when the drinks section lists only an assortment of bottled waters and Italian sodas, then at the bottom in small print: "If you simply MUST have it, we also carry Cola, Lemon-Lime, and Dr. P." As though they are doing us lowly soft drink partakers a favor by sinking to our level. Yet, when pressed, they still wouldn't reveal whether their "cola" was Coke, Pespi, or something else (some of us care, yo). 

We only came here because we won a $50 gift card, and I would never come back. The hostess was nice, but the service ended there. Our server was snippy, looked angry the whole time, screwed up our drinks twice, then snapped at us when we tried to correct her. Our pizza was only barely cut, we mostly had to rip it apart ourselves, and the busboy kept trying to take our plates before we were done and without asking. 

The pizzas were vaguely interesting in theory, but not very good in practice. There were very few options in the way of regular pizza if you didn't want to try one of their many "theme" pizzas (bbq chicken pizza, pasta pizza, enchilada pizza, etc). We tried the Shrimp Scampi pizza, which was tough and undercooked, and the "Meaty Meaty" pizza, which was okay, but had about six pieces of meat on the entire large sized pizza. 

Overall, it was a free meal, and we left full, but it was uncomfortable, and only moderately tasty. I would certainly not come here again and pay,  given their extraordinary prices (a large and small pizza, two sodas, and a garlic bread appetizer for $52???), mediocre pizza, and lousy service. Definitely skip this place.
Makes the olive garden look five star. Despite their claims they most certainly are not using all fresh ingredients and the food is bland bland bland with a metric ton of garlic. The pizza is awful and overpriced. When I complained they comped me $25( which is nearly twice the price of a pizzeria bianco's pizza!) at which point I gave them another try. The lasagna was so bland, the salad was absolutety Spartan. All the way around avoid this place. You'd enjoy Italian from fuzzolis better.
Finally!! A Gluten-free pizza crust worth eating!  The Husband and I usually have to order 2 separate pizzas, because I refuse to eat most gluten-free crusts... they are usually crumbly with little resemblance to a "real" crust.  But, at Picazzo's, we have found a happy compromise - a seriously delicious gluten-free option.  Wow!

We have tried the Meaty-Meaty (they aren't kidding - it is LOADED with all-natural, nitrate-free meats) and the Diavolo (heaven!!) pizzas.  The Italian Chopped Salad is delicious.  Keep in mind that the SMALL salad feeds 2 people easily... we watched a number of tables receive what looked like enough salad to feed a small country!  You'd probably need 8 people to finish the large salad, especially if you are also ordering a pizza.  

Thanks for offering edible gluten-free items AND healthier meat options!
I went here with my family mid-week for dinner and my experience was a little average. The host was able to seat us as soon as we entered the restaurant, which is always good when you're hungry. The server was very nice, and the food came out promptly.

The food was decent. I ordered a pizza with grilled onion, pork sausage, and basil. For 100% organic food, it was good! I enjoyed my pizza, but it wasn't anything I would rant and rave about. For dessert, we ordered the brownie, which was inedible. I NEVER send food back to the kitchen, but the server actually took it back and took it off the bill. That definitely scored them some points, because I didn't even have to ask to take it back.

Overall, I would go back to try some more organic food, but not for the brownie :)
Great food. I love sitting at the bar. I usually get a pizza. Lots of choices and I've never had anything bad.
I have been here a couple of times.  The first time was during the Superbowl in 2009 and the second time last June.  The pizza is quite delicious with the organic ingredients as well as the gluten-free pizza crust.  The overall taste is clever; I mean that it is good, but for some reason my instincts do not realize it is pizza.  The concept is to far removed from the traditional pie (e.g. the toppings and combinations are unique).  

I enjoyed the dining experience, but the atmosphere was somewhat drab and stuffy.  The service was mediocre.  I would round up to a four star from about a three and three quarters.
This is the first time we've been there since they went all organic. The menu isn't as obnoxiously large as it was before (HUGE bonus!) but the food is just as good. We tried the whole wheat crust but our taste buds didn't like it too much. I love that there are options for those who are vegans, gluten free, etc. There is pretty much something for everyone. The pizza is not bad but you definitely have to be in the mood to try something new, especially if you are new to the "foodie" world like I am. 

We started with the spinach/artichoke dip. Highly recommend it! It comes in an edible bread bowl with slices of pita, celery and carrots. The dip was good with all four options. 

There were only two servers on at the time and the place was busy! We still never waited for a refill on drinks. We will be back.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars. The food was really good. My fiance and I ordered organic soda(Yum!), had a pizza with regular thick crust and the baked wings which were really great! I am excited to try more menu options. We happened to come around closing on a Thursday night, and the service was just horrible. Being a server in my past, I know people have off nights, so I will let this one slide. I plan to go back, the menu now that is organic and fresh just seems great! I am excited more restaurants in town are going in the organic, fresh direction.
Mmmm Organic food ... wait what!?  Yeah I can't say I know the difference in taste.  I guess my palate is not as popping as I say it is -- or maybe there's real no difference!  I can appreciate the idea.  However, the organic part just sounds better and sophisticated.  I eat organic only a-har a-har a-har.  Picazzo's Organic Kitchen is a great selling tool.  Though I can't bash their pizza, it's actually pretty good.  I love their crust is that "organic"?  Gotta get their bacon bleu cheese wedge salad -- it's a must.  Organic Bacon?  Ambience makes you feel smarter too -- or maybe I'm that already :)  Service was great, my server recommended a small since it's actually a large :)  Do "organic" food appear more hmmm... - Enjoy!
I am a huge fan of Picazzo's.  I don't remember what their pizza is like because it has been so long since I had it, but if there is one thing I always remember, it is their salads.  They are HUGE and awesome.  I absolutely love their wedge.  I swear the small is an entire head of lettuce.  Anyway, this Picassos seems to have the same stuff as all the rest around town and their service staff is just as helpful and friendly as the other locations.

This place is great if you care about organic, gluten free, blah blah blah stuff.  I don't really care about that stuff but I guess it is a plus when I'm chowing down on a wedge the size of my head.

Also, the Mama's Meat-Za Balls are just 'eh.  The meat is nitrate free so maybe that's why I didn't like them so much cuz I love me some nitrates.  They are worth a shot but this is not one of their better appetizers.

Anyway, I love this place and hope to be back soon.
Had Pizza here last night after a long day at work, we saw the location in Sedona and then I remembered the one near our home in Phoenix.  We ordered the Chipotle Chicken  with the garlic and butter bagel crust and I got a small single Caesar salad. We were very hungry and when my salad was served I was grateful. As far as Caesar salads go this one was just OK, The pizza was very good and the crust lived up to it's name nice as a must try. My only complaint is that a large would be compared to a medium at Pizza Hut or Domino's for $24 keep that in mind if you just want some pizza. But if you want organic toppings, whole wheat crust, or gluten free crust then this is your place.
Let's see Chipotle Chicken....onions....yellow peppers.....cheese....cheese... and more cheese....NO TOMATO SAUCE ....which was great....jalapenos on top.....and all of that sitting on a Bagel Crust with garlic and butter. Yeah I know your hungry now......not to mention it is all organic as well. Now the bad news is that for 23 bucks for a large....it is not very large....but it is filling.....so if your looking for great tasting pizza....salad....pasta....and desert....and remember it's mostly organic.....then go to Picazzo's. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Okay, so I have to admit, I'd addicted to Picazzo's! Where else can you go when you're gluten free, living in Phoenix and absolutely LOVE, and I do mean LOVE, Italian. One mouthwatering word: Picazzo's. 

They get it right from the texture of the GF pizza crust to the taste to the million toppings you can concoct on it. Also, they have a plethora of other goodies such as spinach and artichoke dip, Mama's Meatballs and the perfect pesto pasta dish. The regular foods not too bad either I hear, I'll take my boyfriends word on it.
Service sucked. Food wasn't bad but not worth the price. Wont be going back soon
We've been to 3 locations - Sedona, Scottsdale & PV.  The pizza is always good and service is always great.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the overuse of garlic.  I'm not a garlic fan, but if you like it - this is the place for you.  If you are being attacked by a Vampire - head to Picazzo, you are safe here.

Last time we went to the PV location they had Dogfish Head 90 on tap, which is amazing.  Pretty rare to find that on tap anywhere.  Great lunch specials also, I think it's like $7.50 for a slice of pizza, salad and drink - not bad in Scottsdale.  They also do a good job of communicating via email when they have specials.  All the locations are really nicely decorated and very upscale feeling.  Highly recommend it!
Wedge salad is delish! Love the fact that it's organic, as well as the fact that the pizza dough is gluten-free...sure beats having my husband sneeze for an hour, after eating "regular" pizza. I will say, the pizza is pretty good...and this is coming from a girl from Chicago!
Love Picazzo's! Their gluten-free pizza crust is very good..you would never know it's GF. And their GF pastas are awesome also...not mushy the way GF pastas tend to turn out a lot of the time.  The Greek salad is also one of my favorites. It's so great to be able to go to a restaurant and order anything on the menu and know it can be made GF and have lots of flavor. Servers are always very friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. Great place!
I'm in love with their lunch combo! I love having a delicious slice of cheese pizza and a pear gorgonzola salad, yummy! The crust is so delicious. There are also alternative crusts available like the honey wheat or the gluten-free. This location is pretty small, but they do have a patio, that is currently inaccessible due to the remodel, but I did notice heaters outside so when it is available it will be nice to sit at since the weather is cooling down. The price can seem a little much, but they only use organic products so I think its a fair trade.
There is a full bar and the restaurant and bathrooms have always been clean every time I come here. Staff has always been friendly and I've never encountered a problem with food or service here. In fact, if you want a quick, delicious lunch, this is the place to go! Oh and I happened to notice they have a chocolate chip cookie skillet (aka Pizookie aka Pizza Cookie), yep, sold!
Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen is a gem in the many pizza locations that can be found in the Phoenix area.  Picazzo's boasts a menu which includes appetizers, salads, organic and gluten-free pastas, and of course pizza and dessert!  One cannot go wrong with any of the categories of foods Picazzo's offers, but there are certainly favorites that can be ordered upon ones first visit.  

Picazzo's offers a casual yet sophisticated atmosphere upon entering their establishment.  One is greeted immediately by their hostess at the door and then you are seated promptly at one of their many tables (or the bar area if you prefer).  The atmosphere is roomy with their ample seating, and friendly upon entering.

One of their best appetizers is their Mama's Meat-za Balls ($9.50).  Made with three meatballs with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, organic tomato sauce, basil, and Parmesan, it is a savory appetizer that easy starts the meal off on the right foot. 

One can choose from one of their many pasta dishes or their pizza creations, or even create your own creation.  If going with one of their creations, I would recommend their "Nonna's Favorite" (gluten free) ($16.50, $21.00, $25.00).  This pizza is a delicious combination of organic olive oil and garlic, Fontina and mozzarella cheeses, mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, Kalamata olives, and basil. Melts right in your mouth and one can easy eat more than one expected! 

If even after all of this you still crave something sweet - One cannot go wrong with electing their "Classic Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie" ($7.00).  This sinful combination includes two scoops of organic vanilla bean or coconut vanilla ice cream served with your choice of organic chocolate, chocolate mint, or chocolate raspberry sauce over a fresh-baked chocolate chip cookie.  Oh wondrous dessert indeed!

Picazzo's will leave you most satisfied and delighted with all that is good.  With the finest ingredients, Picazzo's takes great care in delivering the best in atmosphere and dish.  Stop by Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen today for an unforgettable meal.
Great Stuff.  It's hard for a diehard traveling pizza lover to often find some loveable pizza but I did here.
From a couple of months back.

No coffee ready took quite a while because they didn't have cups clean. NO ,really.  No chipotle wings because they are out of sauce. Server walked off before wife could order. 10 plus mins to return so you can guess how this review is going to add up. 

Wife got angry with me because my surprise was quite audible re the cup excuse.10-15 mins to locate and clean a cup but at that point I was just hoping to get the meal over with. 

Maybe it's my own fault but the service kinda changed from dismissive to not quite hostile but with a degree of contempt usually found  on staff at  tow yards. If you have a gluten free family member it's really really hard to find places to go  but at near $80 bill for 3 GF pizzas, 1 app and no real drinks  it just doesn't have the service to cover  the cost for "ok" pizza.  Really not doing a food review because if you have any reason at all to eat real pizza you don't need to come here:)
My wife and I used to go to the Pasta Pomodoro at this location all the time and loved it.  We were really bummed when that closed.  We thought we'd give Picazzo's a shot because the location is very convenient for us.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  The decor was pretty blah, and the pizza on the menu I felt was on the expensive side.  We both ordered pasta dishes, which were good and the portions reasonably sized.  Our waitress was friendly.  There just wasn't anything to make me really want to go back.
The margarita pizza is awesome. They use a delicious red sauce that I would be happy to eat on noodles- much different than a lot of pizza places that just use a tasteless red goo. Good crust too! The organic root beer is pretty gross though.
Easily the best GLUTEN FREE pizza that my family and I have had anywhere in the world. Thank you Picazzo's!
I've been holding off on writing this review, as I am torn over what to say.  I can say this, the food was delicious and fresh.

I've been wanting to try Picazzo's for a very long time, but for some reason, I've just never got around to it until now.  This particular location is fairly right across from my office and easily within walking distance.  So, when a couple of officemates wanted to have an off-site lunch meeting, this seemed like an opportune time to kill two birds, as the saying goes.

We walked over on a sunny spring day and were greeted enthusiastically by the very pretty hostess, who quickly showed us to a table on the patio.  This patio is quite nice, although the traffic noise from nearby Tatum Blvd drowns out most conversation.  Probably not the best spot for a meeting.  We were somewhat informal, so we hung with it and ordered beverages from the waiter, who appeared quickly.  As usual, I had iced tea and this tea was freshly brewed and delicious, served with a slice of lemon.

Picazzo's has an extensive menu with an Italian theme - salads, pastas, pizzas, and some desserts.  The dining room is nicely outfitted with fancy art and an upscale feel.  The menu offers gluten-free options as well as vegetarian to satisfy just about everybody.
 
I opted for a lunch special, a tossed-greens salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette and a dish of Lasagna Bolognese.  The salad greens were crispy and fresh, lightly coated with dressing and very refreshing.  The Lasagna was served in one of those canoe-shaped dishes. Mozzarella cheese from the top of the Lasagna had draped and melted over the edge of the dish, as it browned, it created a crusty little mozzarella snack - I love these little treats, so I picked it off with my fork and scarfed it straight-away.   

 Funny, as I swallowed the cheese, it seemed to catch in my throat.  I could not swallow it, and just at that moment, the waiter removed my tea to refill it.  Now I'm starting to choke on this cheese and my dining companions are becoming concerned.  fortunately, I was able to choke it back up to find it was a melted piece of saran wrap.  Just as I pulled it from my mouth, the waiter returned and asked if everything was okay.  I said, "yes, except for this piece of plastic I nearly choked on", as I tossed it into the bushes next to the patio.  He seemed concerned, but did not do anything beyond dropping off my tea.   I admit, I was a bit embarrassed and so glossed over it, but a little more concern from the waiter, perhaps a visit from the manager would have gone a long way toward making me feel better about the incident. 
 
And that is why this is only a three-star review, and not four.  Apart from that near-death dining experience, the food was delicious and the service was attentive.  Prices were reasonable for what I had and I would definitely go back to try something else, but will be wary of extra ingredients in the future.
Definitely a fan and this restaurant will become a "regular" for us. If you need gluten free or other special dietary options - Picazzo's is great!  Having visited the restaurant at the Promenade off Frank Lloyd Wright and also the one in Sedona, I would say this was the "middle" experience.  Sedona was our best experience (could it have been all the hiking we did before going there?) and Frank Lloyd Wright was just average.

At this Picazzo's on Cactus we sat on the patio next to the fire.  Had great dolmas for an appetizer, FAB Thai peanut pasta (gluten free!) and sulfite free wine.  As someone with food sensitivities this was BY FAR the best I've felt after eating out at an Italian restaurant.

Definitely check out Picazzo's - they are willing to modify anything and will satisfy even the non-gluten free folks in your group.
Very good for any special diets! If you're vegan and gluten-free, you're out of luck on the pizzas. But have no fear! There are options for everyone - even those "Regular" people!

The gluten-free crust is not vegan (egg) but I am only vegetarian for the moment. It was better than I thought a gf crust would be. The candied walnuts were shockingly good on pizza and I highly recommend trying it with any combination!

I will be going again... and maybe again! and again!
It wasn't too bad but didn't blow my socks off.  Better than "meh" status but not by much.  Staff is great.  they bump it up from 2 to 3 stars.
It's a little on the pricey side but you can be assured that your meal is free of gluten and that's worth a lot in my book!  The owner of this establishment works well with the GF community to ensure his staff is trained in cross contamination.  The other thing that's great about Picazzo's is that almost everything on the menu can be made gluten free.

I always get the Diavolo pizza gluten free, GF of course!  The pizza is covered with caramelized onions, red and yellow peppers.It also includes the most amazing andouille sausage and pepperoni.  I have never had a bad one!

Their appetizers are good as well.  I can get great salads, cheese bread and hummus with pita that I can actually eat!  Life is good!  They even have a selection of GF desserts.  What's not to love?  This location always has pretty good service and consistently good food.  It's so nice to go out and not have to worry or explain your dietary restrictions!
I don't particularly enjoy spending as much on pizza as Picazzo's likes to charge. I find their pizzas tasty but small for the price. Ordered one pizza for 4 people we ended up spending about $30 and all left hungry. No thanks picazzo's maybe I'll just order pizza hut next time.
I went here with my 16 month old son for dinner tonight.  The food itself was quite good.  I had a Greek chicken salad that was nice and fresh and my son had the honey wheat cheese pizza kids meal.  I must confess that I ate a piece of his pizza and the crust was delicious!

My complaints  had nothing to do with the food or even the promptness with which it came out.  My waitress was not friendly.  I asked her for some napkins (with a toddler) and she obliged by giving me two tiny bar napkins.  I got the feeling that she didn't want to be bothered with us because it was just me and my toddler and we weren't going to be big ticket customers.   The other complaint was that there was no changing table in the restroom so it was a real challenge to deal with that.

It would have probably been a pretty good dining experience if you were someone eating without young children.
I just moved to this area and I was excited to find Oreganos around the corner (walking/biking) distance. We went in to get a pizza and enjoy a drink. We enjoy great bar service and then they hooked us up with their brand of Skinny Rita's. They had me at Skinny Rita's. 
Best pizza ever made cannot wait for cooler weather to come and sit outside.
We have eaten at Picazzo's a few times and have come to the conclusion it is just ok. I think if you are gf this place would be amazing as most of their dishes come as gf. So if you have jumped on the gluten free bandwagon  this place is for you.  From pizza to pastas your taste buds will be happy.  If you are a "normal" eater it is pretty good, but nothing to write home about.
Service - 7
Atmosphere - 5
Food - 5
Price - 7
So check it out if you have a gf member in your party, if not head over to Oreganos for a better pizza pie!
Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
5 and 5 and 5 and again 5

I am celiac, so please let me tell you how painful it is to get a pizza or pasta or anything Italian.
At Picazzo you get everything you want.
I got the Alfredo seafood pizza and it was just delicious.

My poor BF got a pasta dish which was very light taste wise and was disappointed.

But we shared a beautiful apple turnover which was amazing.

Will go back for sure !!!! Just wish they were expending to Canada now.....
Great gluten free Italian place! Tell all you gluten free friends, they will love you for it!
Good experiences here! Keep up the good work, friendly staff, tasty food.. I'll be back. I like bringing people here who haven't been, it's a great place. Easy to get to and great to sit out and have a good meal while we talk for a while. Good drinks too!
Good food and good service.  Lunchtime the place fills up fast.  I had the italian chopped salad and had them substitute with kale (which they'll do for any salad, no charge).  Yum.  Don't get put off by all the gluten free, organic verbiage all over the menu.  The food is GOOD.  Check it out.
Stumbled upon this gem after a lesson at the dance studio next door. The fiance and I love trying new places and although we didn't know prior to entering that all the food here is organic and fresh, we were glad to find that out! they have 1/2 off appetizers from 3-6pm so we ordered the meat balls and stuffed peppers. Both were okay. The peppers were difficult to eat because the skin was still rough. However, the drinks were so good--he had the antioxidant cocktail and I had the sangria. Even better were the salads! I had the italian chopped salad & substituted w/kale (no upcharge) and he had the kale chopped--both very different and very good! the salad was so flavorful and fresh. We took them home and had them later that night and they were still delicious. We'll probably make this a regular stop after our lessons!
The husband and I almost always order the baked chicken wings (no sauce), the Greek Salad, and the Puttanesca pizza. Oh, the Puttanesca pizza... yum. We've tried a few other things, but these are definitely our favorites. The happy hour drink specials aren't anything special, but all appetizers are 50% off. There are lunch specials as well, but we really like this place as a quick dinner spot. They have a power card, so every $100 spent, you get $10 off. This is nice and can add up quickly. For an Arizona chain, this place has some good gourmet pizza.
I really love their gluten free pizza. They also have good wait staff although I mostly sit at the bar to watch football. The price is right for this place.
The Vortex... What a great Pizza. I have always loved the gourmet pizza idea and my third time having the Vortex pizza was just as good as my previous two times. I don't have a whiny reason to rate these guys lower than a 5 Star review. WA..WA..WA... I read some of the less than stellar reviewsof Picazzos and I can tell you that in my five times of eating there I have been absolutely happy evey time... Try it you'll Love it!
Tried the vegetable lassange and it was very good. Still love the pizza best.
Kinda pricey, apparently because it's organic and gluten free because it's not for taste or portion size. Service was just ok. I don't know, I know people that like it so maybe I'll give it another try. But I know of plenty of really good pizza places so I don't know when.
Finally, a restaurant that offers the option of whole grain pizza crust!! Yeah!! This place re-invented itself several years ago and now emphasizes their organic, gluten-free, etc. offerings. But, you don't have to be a 'health nut' or have health issues to enjoy this place. The atmosphere is nice, the staff friendly, and overall, the food is good and always very fresh. This visit we decided to create our own Neapolitan pizza - a fun way to try different ingredients together - like artichoke hearts and sausage. It was actually pretty good! Our waiter was a bit pushy at first as we took our time deciding on what wine to order, but once that was settled, he only checked in periodically to make sure everything was OK. Nice little place - we'll return.
If this decision was based upon the food alone I would easily give this place 4 stars, but the service staff was horrible.

When we walked in the door there was no real host and the lady that sat us clearly did not want to be there. She was abrupt when she sat us and did not make us feel welcome.

The waitress was prompt in taking our drink orders but we waited 20 minutes for our food order to be taken and that only happened when I told another server (not our own) that we were ready to order. Unfortunately, the person that took our order was not our waitress but the disgruntled employee that sat us when we came in to the restaurant. 

Also, let me say that the poor service wasnt a product of a full restaurant or a staff that was spread thin. There were easily 4-5 wait staff and another 4-5 support staff in the restaurant.

Once our food arrived we were pleasantly surprised with the taste based upon the service that preceded it. I had the mushroom rotelli pasta with chicken added and it was very good. I heard nothing but good comment from the entire table on the food, but the extremely poor service is what gives this location terrible marks. 

Hopefully, it was just a bad night for the staff because I would like to go back for the pasta but I havent decided if I will take that step and return.
I went here the last time I was in Phoenix and it really wasn't that great.  The gluten free pizza crust was fantastic, but that was the only fantastic thing about the place.  I had the gluten free pizza with figs and balsamic, but the figs were dried figs so they were far too sweet.  Also, the bathroom sink was full of mildew, which I find bizarre.  Just have a bottle of water and bleach mixture and spray it on the inside of the sink - there is no reason for mildew.  To top off our experience, out waitress was constantly MIA, and didn't bring us utensils.  

This place has a lot of potential to be great though, and I will probably try to go back for the gluten free pasta, just to try it.
Gluten-free, vegetarian, or you just like good food this is a fantastic lunch spot with great prices for the quality and great service.
I like healthy food and options are slim so I had high hopes for this place.. It had awful music on the outside patio , like bad loud elevator music. Also the food was crappy both appetizer and gluten free veggie pizza. I would have better frozen grocery store frozen pizza. So gross and way over prices. Will never come again.. Disgusting !
Not impressed. Side dining room was hidden and narrow, artwork was nice. place needs a facelift. Waitress was not knowledgeable nor very well trained. Pizza was ok but average ( was at CIBO recently) and if you compared to them there is no comparison. If you like average this is your place.
This was my first time at Picazzo's. I have passed this place over a hundred times! I finally got to go in a try it and was not disappointed. I got the lunch special which is about 13 dollars, a little pricey, but your getting the best and local ingredients. I absolutely loved their kale salad, sooooo freaking good! I also got a slice of pizza with it, which was just as good. The lunch special comes with a drink too!
I gave the two stars for the food-it's pretty good for being gluten free. 

HOWEVER, the service? Awful. 
The hostess was nice, but that's about it. We aren't quite sure who our sever was...it started out with one obnoxious girl who barley paid attention to us when she took our drink order...she kept looking everywhere but at us, it was super awkward. To top that, I asked her a question and she was so busy not paying attention that I had to say "excuse me" twice to get her attention while she was standing at our table with her pen and notepad out!! Luckily my boyfriend and I can laugh about this stuff. 
After she took our drink order, another waiter came about 20 minutes later to take our order. 
We ordered chicken wings as an appetizer and a pizza to share. We waited and waited. And waited. Drank our drinks...waited. It took about 30 minutes for the chicken wings to come out, the pizza came out a minute after that. 

So, we had each eaten about 2 wings and just as I took one slice of pizza off the platter, our waiter comes over and asks "do you guys need a box for all that?" It caught me off guard for a second...really? We just started eating. I sad no thanks and went on...10 minutes later "can I clear your plates guys?" about 5 minutes after that "you all finished?" He kept lurking around our table, I could see him continuously looking at us... I almost asked him if he could just let us eat our pizza in PEACE but I'm too nice for that. 

Anyways, our bill came out to $40 (not including tip) and our original waitress brought it to us then took about 20 minutes to pick it up. Needless to say it was the slowest, most obnoxious dinners I have ever had and I will not be returning any time soon.
Will never be returning to Picazzos! My pizza had a hair in it and the mushrooms tasted slimy. The service was even worse! I wish they had better food because I live very close by. It seems like I'm not the only person who had bad service maybe they need to look at these reviews...
My boyfriend and I go to this establishment at least twice a month and its our favorite restaurant. We ask to sit in Taylor's section every time. Not only is she the best server I've come across but the entire staff is great And makes our experience all the better. I wish they would bring back their salon pea pasta but all their food is amazing. Favorite restaurant and have never had a bad experience.
Butternut squash raviolis were awesome, but the pizza I got for my wife and I to share was not great...
Fantastic menu.  I need a low salt dinner and they had the information readily available. I picked out the eggplant.
Severely overpriced.  Marginal service.  Food is fine - not great.
I love that this restaurant offers delicious organic food!  We are trying to eliminate GMO's out of our family's diet, and wanted to order pizza last night.  I thought we were going to be out of luck, but I was so happy to see that there is a pizza place like Picazzo's out there.   Way to go Picazzos!  Our pesto chicken spinach artichoke pizza was awesome, and chemical free!  Woo hoo.  If only they delivered, we'd order from them once a week!  I used the delicious deliveries service, but you know that always ads an extra cost.  We will definitely be regulars anyway.  It would be great to see more and more restaurants follow in Picazzo's organic footprints.
I came here with my good pal who has a gluten allergy and spoke highly of the food. The exterior threw me a bit as it looked a little cheesy (no pun) and generic.  I found the dining room ambiance drab and in need of a face lift. However, just 10 feet away lies a lovely and warm patio equipped with a fire pit and several tables. 

Pasta had my eye on this night, with which there was an array of diverse options. All the pasta's we ordered were magnificent. I will definitely be back to try some of the other dishes. The weight staff was very friendly and prompt as well. Kudos Picazzo's!
Excellent food, especially enjoy the organic options!  I do wish the kale salad came in a petite version that was cheaper. One can eat in a high end restaurant for the price of a salad with lunch here. I lived in Sedona when this chain began, and think the quality has been maintained.
I don't think I realized the vast gluten free options here.  WOW.  Very comfy, casual restaurant, not fussy.  GREAT salad - I had the one with greens, apples, walnuts, avocado and this insanely good fig balsamic vinegar dressing.  My cousin had a grilled chicken Caesar and she didn't leave a spec!  Next time, gluten free pasta dish!
Great, a restaurant that serves organic and gluten free!  But wait.  Sat at the bar, ordered an organic salad.  Came with mixed greens, a small cucumber, some shredded carrots and every other "add on" was minuscule.  The dressing was supposed to be olive oil, garlic and lemon juice.  No lemon taste what so ever.  Just garlic.  Like "burn your mouth" garlic.  AND the mixed greens had several "old and bad" sections that I had to pull out.  Shouldn't the cook have done this before he served it if the greens weren't fresh?  Bottom line, expensive ($15 with tax and tip) and not huge portions of the organic veggies.  I could have bought a bag of organic greens at Trader Joes for 3 bucks and had the same thing!
One of our favorite organic restaurants to eat at. The food and our server Melanie was excellent. Their pizza and pasta dishes are very good. 

I would recommend this restaurant to friends.
I just moved back to area and had a wonderful dinner with a friend from ca who is not into chain restaurants. They do have limited seating I think it adds to the charm. They offer a wide variety of wine and OMG the pasta is to die for my friend had Thai pasta that was amazing as well. We had great and thoughtful service I will be back for sure !!
Being gluten free, Picazzo's is a gem of restaurant for me.  They have a huge selection of gf items ranging from salads, pasta dishes, & pizza to desserts.  The food is always wonderful (especially the gf pizza cookie!), and most of the servers are very friendly and seem to enjoy their job.   The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they are a little bit pricey, however this a fabulous establishment and definitely a wonderful 2-3 times a month treat!
Ugh, I always feel terrible writing a bad review, but sometimes it can't be helped...  The upshot is that the food was bland and dry, and the prices for pizza were super steep.  The food did look nice. Our experience: terrible, expensive food.

I heard good things about this place years ago, so we decided to meet friends there.  We arrived for Happy Hour, so the appetizers were half price and drinks were $1 off.  

My "Bruschetta" was a rather dry flatbread, with a bland crust (maybe not bad for gluten free?), and toppings that weren't evenly spread out, so you got clumps of a lot on some pieces and not much on others.  

The Brie was nice - a large portion with roasted garlic, fruit and sub-par bread.

The real problem came with the pizzas, which were incredibly overpriced for the size, even if they had been tasty.  My husband's pizza ("super healthy wheat crust", dates, red pears) was the smallest medium I've seen, and my small was truly a one-person pizza (mushrooms and vine-ripened tomatoes). With two toppings each (and free arugula), we managed to pay nearly $40 for a small and medium create-your-own!  

The worst part was that the pizzas tasted incredibly bland.  I frequently order very healthy food- that's no excuse for flavorless results.  The organic tomato sauce was wet (but otherwise tasteless), making for a soggy pizza.  The fresh mozzarella didn't have the wonderfull taste and consistency that the name implies.  Even my mushroom and tomato toppings lacked flavor - how is that even accomplished? 

The place was ok-looking and had nice service (aside from the male host who used the ladies restroom and left it dirty).  

Our friends seemed to like their Caprese salad, Mushroom cap and Squash Ravioli with Pesto, so maybe our mistake was ordering anything with a crust.  I won't be going back to find out!
Great concept, they still have a ways to go on the taste though, both our main entrees were pretty bland. I loved sitting on the patio it was cool but they had the warmers on & it was nice.  It also took an unusually long time to get our food and when we got the appetizer ( bruschetta ) it was burned! I'd really like to see this place do well.
our first visit. we've heard good things about picazzo's due to their "healthy" and flair for organic food. 

service was fast and very good. happy hour offers half off appetizers and 1 dollar off drinks. i had a stuffed portabello mushroom cap. it was full of flavor and had a nice texture, not overcooked. my entree was the butternut squash ravioli with sundried tomatoes. i was impressed. full of flavor and spot on with the acidity and saltiness. my wife had the caprese salad and was quite happy with her choice. 

our dining friends weren't as impressed with their pizza's and flatbreads. they did order a baked brie which on a small sample tasted, was very good.
Wow this place sucks. My wife and daughter and I dined there on Saturday night and the service and food were both terrible. I truly despise negative reviews but this was so bad I can't help but share my experience. We sat down around 630 and requested a patio table for some reason we were told they didn't have any patio tables available. We were sat on the dining room and immediately noticed they had two tables available outside,  weird I know. So we asked to move outside which seemed complicated because of a fire hazard??? (Oh and we couldn't bring crayons for our 3 year old outside because they will melt in the 70 degree weather??? Also wierd.) 
       So we were greeted sort of by our server promptly by asking us if we were ready? We ordered drinks and told him we needed a couple minutes in which he responded by just walking away. I don't feel like I have high expectations but I do expect some level of hospitality when dining at a full service establishment. At no point did our server mention anything about the restaurant, specials, suggestively sell, ask us if we had any questions, or even say hello. After he brought the drinks which were delicious and the tastiest part of the evening, (canned sodas) we ordered our daughters mac n cheese and an artichoke appetizer.  
     Yikes!!! We waited a half an hour for the stuffed artichoke which was so bland and uninspired it was inedible. My daughters mac n cheese never came, we ordered a bruchetta that was served on undercooked chewy wierd flatbread, the concept sounded great but unfortunately the dish fell flat, it was flabby and one dimensional. The manager came by and although she made an effort no apologies were given. She took the artichoke which we didn't eat was taken off the bill obviously but no one said hey were sorry you had to wait or that your daughter didn't get to eat. Long story short picazzos was one of the first places I dined with my wife and I wish that was the last. I guess I should have never returned but I know now I won't ever be back.
I'm not going to make this long but this place is bad.  I don't know how old the waitress was but she was more concerned with talking with someone at another table than doing her job.  There were only 3 tables being used with my wife and I at one of them so there are no excuses.  The food did not taste very good at all.  After a couple of bites we paid our bill, left no tip, did not ask for a box to take home and went somewhere else.
I wanted to love this place but I have to say I was not really a fan of the pizza, namely the crust.  The toppings and sauce were fabulous and fresh like you would expect from an 'organic' restaurant.  I had the half Meaty-Meaty and half Vortex.  The meats on the Meaty-Meaty were fabulous!  I swapped the Italian sausage for andouille sausage (spicy sausage), but I am sure both options are great.  The vegetables on the Vortex side were just sliced in long strips and not diced, which makes eating it without dropping pizza everywhere or having stuff hanging out of your mouth quite the task.  I had the regular crust and I know this place strives to be 'healthy' and 'organic', but their crust does just not compare to many other great pizza places.  I know many people rave about their gluten-free crust; maybe it is 'good for gluten-free', but their crust compared to outstanding pizza in general... it does not even come close!  

My server was great and very educated on the menu and answered all my silly questions.  I do plan on coming back; Picazzo's is quaint with good service.    I definitely plan to come check out happy hour and try many other things that are not pizza on the menu!
WORST. SERVICE. EVER.  

Today was my first visit to Picazzo's.  i was SO excited, because the restaurant offers a full gluten-free menu, including pizzas, pasta dishes, salads, and even appetizers -- almost all of which are either gluten-free or can be made gluten-free.  I don't get to to out to restaurants much and it is such a treat to find a place that has good food that I can eat.  I was SO excited to go here.  My husband, our young daughter, and I arrived about 11:30 on a Sunday for lunch.  There were 2-3 other tables full in the restaurant-- they were by no means busy.  

Everything was fine until our server arrived -- and I use 'server' lightly, because there was nothing service-oriented about him.  I think his name was Andrew -- and only because at the end, while we were sitting waiting for him to notice that he still had customers and bring us the check and some boxes, a friendly female server came, brought us boxes, and said, "I'll send Andrew over with the check."  He did not introduce himself.  He answered every question we asked about the menu with a single word that conveyed complete and utter boredom.  My daughter asked if he was "mad at her" (!!!!!!)  He was uninterested and so unfriendly that he was just flat-out rude.  He seriously did not smile one time.  They do not list the types of sodas on the menu, so we asked, "what sodas do you have?"  He looked at us for a few seconds, and then said with disdain, "Coke."  That was it.  The ENTIRE MEAL proceeded like this.  It was laughably bad service -- were we on camera?  It also pretty much ruined what was otherwise a fine meal.  

"Andrew" was so amazingly unfriendly and unhelpful that I sat for about 10 minutes debating asking for the manager and requesting another server -- because this was a somewhat special occasion for us and to have it ruined by a guy who obviously didn't respect us, the restaurant, or his own job was just wrong.  In the end, it was easier not to make a fuss -- but make no mistake, I have no desire to EVER go back to this restaurant again, largely because of him.  HE HAS NO BUSINESS WORKING WITH CUSTOMERS.  

The woman who helped us at the end was very friendly, and I am going to try to make myself go back to Picazzo's and just make absolutely sure that I never deal with him again.  Because the food was great and frankly, I don't have a lot of gluten-free places to eat at.  We had the bruschetta appetizer -- gluten-free and delicious.  My husband had the chipotle chicken pasta, which he liked a lot (and he doesn't have to eat gluten-free).  My daughter had the mac & cheese, which was a gluten-free fusilli with alfredo sauce -- very tasty.  I'd order that with some chicken on it any day.  They should sell it on the adult menu.  I had a gluten-free pepperoni pizza (with the raised edge crust) that was delicious -- the best pizza I've had in the 10 months I've had to eat wheat-free.  

The food is a little pricey -- but they are making gluten-free food, with non-GMO ingredients -- to me it's worth the extra cost.  I do wish they had a few 'classics' on the menu.  It's hard to get those comfort foods in a restaurant when you eat gluten-free -- a straight-up fetuccine alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs, etc.  A ravioli dish with just tomato sauce and mozzarella baked over it.  What I would do for a good plate of gluten-free ravioli with tomato sauce.  Anyway.  

No one asked us if we wanted desert -- and I did.  But we didn't really have a server, so Picazzo's missed out on our money there. "Andrew" literally handed us our check, took our money, and handed it back to us without saying a word or making eye contact.  It was just insane.  I can't believe anyone watching him would think it was appropriate to have him working with guests.  The entire experience -- which was supposed to be a celebration of our daughter's completing 3rd grade and a special treat for me (getting to eat in a restaurant!!!) -- was uncomfortable, a negative experience, and such a huge let down.  What an unnecessary disappointment.
Just got a comment from Rob W. who works for Picasso ' s I guess? I usually don't care enough to respond but for some reason his comments struck a cord for me. 
    Rob, "explaining" to any customer about an inconvenience regarding a poor experience is pointless and comes across as if you lack any compassion. Guest perception is reality in this business as I'm sure you know. I don't like to plug the fact that I am in the restaurant business because who cares, but I feel the need to share with you my side of things. 
    In regards to the fire hazards in your restaurant you should stand proud in your staff being diligent about compliance.  However,  let's not embelish, the main side of your patio was over crowded with a large party which was far more hazardous than the 8 foot wide space to walk past our table once we were seated at the converted 2 top. Also by no means we're we in any way compromising safety of our family or anyone else in the restaurant. Remember it's 74 degrees outside and 6 o'clock on a Friday in April in Scottsdale, if you have the space available accommodate your guests. Don't excuse your oversight with a fire regulation it comes across a bit insulting. 
   In regards to the crayon policy no big deal there , it was just wierd and awkward to be given crayons to my 3 year old daughter which is a nice touch but then have them taken away. Once again it was 74 degrees outside and the sun was setting I'm certain there wasn't going to be an issue with melting. It's not my place and I really don't care about the crayons but because we were put off by the situation maybe you could educate your staff on when it might be appropriate to offer crayons on the patio. Take into consideration of outdoor temperature and follow through with proper cleaning after the guests leave you might be able to avoid the melted crayon problems.  Really though I dont care about the crayons it was just an uncomfortable experience for us. 
    Lastly Rob, owning your mistakes and learning from them are some of the most valuable lessons we have in this business.  I urge you to avoid standing behind arbitrary rules and instead treat situations with a little more common sense. Take note that your restaurant's food that night was subpar (which we didnt even get all the food we ordered) and should be addressed. No one ever in that moment acted as if they cared, and we left hungry and terrribly unsatisfied. 
   Again I'm not sure why I'm going at lengths to share this with you. Maybe it's because I love hospitality. Anyway I'm done with picassos but I maybe i can leave you with sime advice. Allow the customer to be comfortable,  be hospitable and genuine,  serve good food that you have tasted and when you make a mistake own it. Empathy goes a long way in this business.  I hope this comment serves you well.
Good luck...
Really great.  All gluten free (except the beer) I think.  Happy hour was 50% off all apps and dollar off drinks entire restaurant not just the bar.  Meat balls with artichokes and the wings were great.  Caprese salad was great.  A few vegan options too.  I'm a meat eater with a gf wife so awesome place for me!
Let me start off by saying this restaurant has one of the best staffs in terms of quality service I have ever seen. My servers name was Mark and not only did he steer me in a good direction for food selection but he was also funny ,smart and genuine. I came here for a Saturday lunch with a friend  to try out because a friend told me they can cater to my dietary needs. Just starting on a diet recommended to me by my doctor I sat down in a bar table and was greeted promptly. After introduction and receiving my  delicious lemonade ,Mark looking at my face obviously saw the confusion of me trying to read the menu and make a decision. He asked what questions I had and how  he could be of help to me. I told him the diet I was on and he replied that he reads about nutrition outside of work and knows exactly what I could eat. Wow.. A server who genuinely cares about their job and what they are serving. He told me not to even stress about it and gave me a couple suggestions from which I made my picks. The food came out and Mark told me to enjoy and that he will be back in a minute to ensure I liked my entree.  It was delicious. When he returned to check on us he didn't even ask me he just said your welcome and proceeded to chat and joke around with us. I myself like when someone is confident in their ability to please a guest and his joking demeanor was even better. It made me feel welcome from the second we walked in the door. The rest of the staff a woman waitress and a male busboy were equally engaging their tables with conversation and it just felt like everyone who entered the restaurant were family to this group of wait staff. I myself have never seen a busboy talking to customers and making them feel welcome. It's refreshing to see young people who actually care. Thank you for the stellar experience and the good fresh food, I will return and also tell my friends.
This is a good place for salads.  I eat here probably 4 out of 5 times a week, and always order the heart healthy gourmet salad with chicken added.  It's pretty perfect.  I wouldn't order the full salad - just do half, as the proportions of lettuce to the "good stuff" (avocados, walnuts, apples, etc.) gets unbalanced and then there is just too much lettuce.  And nobody wants to be munching on just lettuce all day . . .
My girlfriend and I go here all the time. We love the gluten free pasta and pizza options. The food is really good; you wouldn't know you're eating gluten free pasta. They also have a decent beer/wine selection
I enjoy coming back to this restaurant time and time again. As a Health & Wellness Coach this is a great place to find gluten free fare with organic ingredients!   I suggest Picazzo's to all my clients including my Olympic Athlete!
I'm a fan of both of these locations. It is my special stop for gluten-free pizza pickup. Many healthy allergy-friendly food solutions. The salads are also delicious! The staff is courteous and the place is always buzzing lunch and dinner time.
Service is wonderful and the food is even better.  In a small city like Casa Grande this is a 'must stop' for casual lunches and dinners.  Everything is flavorful, slowly prepaired, but well worth the wait.  Try a Meaty Callazzo its AMAZING.
Wow! Wow! Wow!

We discovered Picazzo's this afternoon. Holy moly, this is my new favorite place to eat. The menu is huge and fun, the service was terrific, the food was delicious. I am a happy girl!

Try the oven baked wings. Yumm-o!

The garlic pizza crust was perfection and the chopped Italian salad was great! 

This place is a must, especially in a town where the word "gourmet" is unknown. I'll be back very, very soon!
This place is amazing. Love the food - pizza, wings, salads are terrific. It's quiet and the service is excellent. Food quality is consistent. Place is spotless. Very upscale in this little town. We take all of our out-of-town guests here. It doesn't get any better than this. They just opened another restaurant in Tucson off Oracle.
I always have a great experience here, the setting is cozy and romantic because of the size of the place (small) not bad though. The food comes out fresh and flavorful with lunch specials being inexpensive. A great place for lunch in my opinion.
Great service and great food. Its not very heavy and the portions are just right...
In need of a location between Tucson and Phoenix for a birthday dinner I turned to Yelp. Would I find something fun and tasty in Casa Grande? Yes, yes I would. 

Picazzo's ambiance would stand up in any major city. It's clean, the art is funky and fun, and the lighting is perfect. All of this pales in comparison to the food and service. 

This is an upscale pizza place with a large gluten-free menu. They have pasta, salads to go with the pies. Local, organic and sustainable ingredients are used. 

My guest and I split a Greek salad and a pesto artichoke pizza. They have their salads in three sizes, which I think is a nice touch. Being hungry we ordered the medium to split. for two people this is far too much food. Stick with the small. 

The salad was delicious! Olives peeked out everywhere, pepperoncini slices were included along with some incredible feta. I could have made a meal out of the salad alone. Then the pizza arrived. 

Damn! What a tasty pie! the toppings were such that it almost needed to be eaten with a knife and fork. The pesto was delicious, and there were tons of pine nuts as well. We got a side of marinara sauce just to try it and it was heavenly. 

Dessert consisted of a giant, oven baked cookie topped with ice cream. Did I need it? Nope. Did I want it? Of course! 

Our server was perfect, plain and simple. He did everything right. 

I now have a go-to spot in Casa Grande.
After reading the fabulous reviews we had high expectations.  I had the lunch special with a slice, salad and drink.  My pizza had been sitting around for a while the crust was over done on the bottom. soggy and doughy on the edges.  Two other members of our party had the same thing and the same complaint about the pizza.  The salads and soup were good but not great.  My husband ordered just a pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom but thought it was just average.

The restaurant was clean, the service was excellent but we felt the food was over priced for just so so quality.  If we lived here I might give them a second chance and order something else.

The dessert looked great but we weren't offered any )o: and when the bill came figured it was high enough.
We just noticed that Picazzo's had opened in our area and were excited about trying it. We dined there two nights ago with another couple and were so disappointed. I hate to complain, but the first thing I noticed was that the water and wine glasses were so spotted that they looked dirty. My husband ordered a very, very dry vodka martini and could not drink it because it had so much vermouth in it. He ordered a small pizza and was charged for a medium one because the waitress typed in the wrong entry. I ordered the Penne with wild mushrooms, peas and broccoli and was served the Penne with some sort of meat in it. By that time, i was so discouraged I didn't' complain but just didn't eat my meal. I don't know whether the waitress couldn't hear or just wasn't paying attention, but the whole experience has us convinced that we will never return here again. So so sorry.
I love to eat here, however it is hit or miss. Sometimes we get good service and other times we don't. Sometimes the food is really good, but other times it's off. Our order is usually messed up, but they are good about fixing it. One thing I have a problem with is using coupons here, I had a coupon for a pizza and also ordered an appetizer at happy hour half off. They did not want to combine the two offers but the coupon didn't say say anything about that. 
When the food is good though it's really good, which is why we return.
Definitely the best pizza place in town,nice and very clean environment,good service.Love  the Blt sandwich and the fresh and delicious strawberry salad
This is not my first time eating at a Picazzo's, but the first time I've been to the one in Casa Grande. Previously, I had been to one in Sedona that had a large, modern feel to it--kinda medium upscale. I was expecting that again, but didn't quite get it.

This location is TINY. My entire family was meeting here as a halfway between Tucson and Phoenix, and our party of 12 pretty much took up the whole restaurant. Luckily, we were the only ones there, as we had a few small children in our group who were very interested in exploring and walking around to everyone at the table.

The ambiance is more of a classic italian restaurant in this location, and definitely not upscale. Its not tablecloths, its paper that the kids could draw on with crayons. I'm not poo pooing on that, as it worked out well for our group, but its just not what I was expecting.

The service was pretty good, maybe a little on the slow side, but not overly so. The pizzas are delicious, and the menu is pretty extensive. I had a pesto and goat cheese pizza, and also tried the bbq chicken. I think between the two, I liked the bbq chicken better, but they were both seriously good. The prices are a little steep, but manageable. 

For dessert, some people tried the pizza cookie with ice cream, and someone else tried a brownie with ice cream. There was very little ice cream on either one and it was mostly melted by the time it came to the table. The cookie was overdone and the brownie was dry and not particularly delicious. Wont be ordering either again should I return.
I always go to Picazzo's for lunch when I am in Casa Grande for business. Why? The service is always terrific and they have delicious lunch specials. My go-to lunch is the slice of cheese pizza with the Ceasar salad. Everything is always fresh and delicious. The nice thing about the specials is that they come with iced tea. The prices for the lunch specials range from $7 - $11, depending on what you order. It's high quality food for the price. There aren't a lot of good restaurant choices in Casa Grande, so I am thrilled that Picazzo's has a location there. 

Definitely sign up for their "Power Card" while you're there. It's good at many different restaurants in the Phoenix area and on certain days of the week, this Picazzo's location offers double points.
One of my top 5 restaurants anywhere (not just Casa Grande) Really loved the organic salads and pizzas. Top notch food, and the cookie/brownie ice cream desert thing is really good too.
The food was good, the service was fine. Not exactly the place  to take a baby because they don't have high chairs. However, we managed just fine and we will go back again....with the portable baby dining chair.
We have eaten at the Picazzo's in Tempe/Chandler (Warner and Kyrene) several times and enjoy their organic menu which is always delicious.  That's what we THOUGHT we were going to get with this place.  In fact, we chose it because someone in our party was on an organic vegan diet.  No such luck.  As soon as we sat down, the server said, "You know we're not organic, right?  We're different than the Picazzo's in Phoenix."  Uh, no.  But we were there, so we tried to make the best of it.  The food was disappointing and unremarkable.  The service was attentive, but uninspired -- no real energy.  There were a few tables with people outside on the patio, but we were the only party inside.  When they seated us in an empty restaurant with plenty of choices, the put us right next to the swinging door of the kitchen because it was a round top that easily sat five.  They could have pulled another two-top up to a four top in the corner and the seating would have been much more pleasurable for us.  We were embarrassed as we had raved about the place to our family whom we were visiting in Casa Grande, and made a point to go there for the organic food.  We will definitely NOT be back (nor will they) and have told several people about this, as well.
So good! A salad and a slice.  Delicious.  Great service, too!
I love Picazzo's.  It is sophisticated dining in Casa Grande.  The pizzas and salads never disappoint.  I had the portabello mushroom sandwich today.  Delicious.  It is like eating at a little bistro in Europe.  The service is ideal.  Thank you.
Met here with family as a halfway point between Tucson and Phoenix. Loved it. Everything from the drinks to the appetizers to the pizzas were delicious. Loved every bit of our experience. Definitely recommended.
Didn't love it but didn't hate it. 

This place could be better. 6.95 for a wrap is just fair for what you get. The portion was decent and it came with a side of pasta salad. I took it to go and I didn't have to wait long for the food.

Honestly I had higher expectations of the flavor from how tasty the menu is described - but my Tuscan was somewhat bland. The tortilla was flavorful but the stuff inside was just okay. . It needed a little something. 

The place has some potential though. Even though it is small, they had plenty of tables and a very inviting atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and helpful also.

Overall, it is not a place to get excited over but maybe one to watch to see if they find that "something" to make me keep coming back for more.
I just ate at All Wrapped Up!  Wow! it was GREAT. 
The price was right. They give you a large wrap, cut in half. I took half home for dinner.
I had the Tuscan, which was full of fresh vegetables and meat. I could taste everything in each bite. The sauce enhanced and did not overwhelm.  The tortilla that wrapped everything together was delicious on it's own.
My husband had a cobb salad.  It was picture perfect!  The ingredients were all fresh and filling.  I love how the bowl was a flavorful tortilla.
This quaint little cafe is full of warmth.  Beautiful art work adorns the walls. The staff is very friendly.
I will definitely go back and probably try everything at least once.
It is small, I don't want to tell too many people about it, I want to be sure to get a seat each time.
Oh, I forgot, they do have orders to-go.
5 stars.
I've eaten here one time, and I enjoyed a very decent meal.  I'm not really sure if I'll go back though, and I'll tell you why.  The place kind of gave me a strange vibe:

-It didn't *feel* like a restaurant, it almost felt like a business that had turned into a restaurant.

-The take-out menu/brochure was worded pretty peculiarly in places.

-This one's hard to explain, but I sort of sensed some very subtle yet unsettling religious undertones throughout the whole experience.

Had the China wrap.  It was kinda good, even if it did taste like homemade American teriyaki.  In a spinach tortilla.  With a side of yogurt.  --*sigh* Do you see what I mean?  A funny vibe.  I can't quite shake it.  Maybe I'll give it one more chance.
so this place is rather odd inside, a mix between classy and casual, with eclectic artwork all over the walls for local artists...it feels somewhat mediterranian but then the 4 dog self-portraits hanging on the walls kind of throws me off. meh.

like ameerah said before me, lots of business/hospital people in here but i was in my work garb so i felt somewhat normal. luckily i had an hour lunch because even though the place was maybe a quarter full it took about 15 minutes to get my wrap. but it was damn good.

i went with the china wrap, terryaki chicken, water chestnuts, cabbage, and rice in a spinach ORGANIC (!!!!) tortilla and a side of chips. i almost went with a breakfast wrap (southwestern sounded delish) because they're awesome and served ALL DAY, but i'm a hardxcore chinese fan so i opted for the china one. on the menu it said it was served hot, and they weren't joking either. mine was steaming hot, and after waiting for 15 minutes i had no choice but to dive in and burn off half my taste buds. it was totally worth it. big wraps and very filling. i could only eat half. 

the lady up front was very kind and took good care of me. i'll definitely be back to try out some more of their wraps, and maybe just order ahead next time. great healthy, sandwich option addition to the central phoenix area, but with the same downfall as many others - it closes early, at 3pm, and it's not open on sundays.
Love this place.  Just had lunch there for the first time today and if you are looking for a fresh variety of wraps, then this is your place.  I had the All American wrap which had turkey, ham, different cheeses, avocado and a delicious dressing.  I wanted the Thanksgiving wrap but didn't have time for the required nap after eating.  I highly recommend this place, very nice owners who aim to please.  Affordable and nice atmosphere inside.
Okay, so I was on my lunch break and wanted to pick up two sandwiches to take home for my boyfriend and me to eat.  The people were very sweet and the decor was cute..... I ordered one veggie and cheese sub and one club sub! but the taste was NOT THERE! It was DRENCHED in MAYO and by the time i got it back to my house which was very close, it was soggy form all the mayo.  Could not even eat it. blah....... I hate to judge things off just one time but would not go back again. left a bad tast in my mouth.
I read the good reviews and a friend said it was good so I thought I would give it a try. I really liked the Thanksgiving Turkey wrap, it reminded of the traditional turkey feast. However, the warm spinach salad was not what I expected- first of all it there was not much spinach, it was mostly bacon, which isn't a bad thing but I expected to be more like a "condiment". For the $7.50, the salad was way too small and just didn't taste like a traditional "warm spinach salad". Also, the mandarin oranges didn't really fit in this salad. Overall I probably wouldn't do back. Nothing special.
We had seen this place when we ate at 5th Avenue cafe (not that great, btw) a couple weeks ago & decided to try it out.

The woman at the register was very helpful in our decision making. I believe she was the owner, very sweet! The art/decor is cool, not what I expected. I liked the high tables & chairs as well.

I got the tuna wrap & my hubby got a chicken & veggie wrap. I opted for the side of chips & he got the cup of fruit. My wrap was very yummy, only complaint is that the juices would run out when I got near the end but nothing a little napkin wipe can't fix. My hubby said his wrap was very fresh & healthy. I did have a bite of his fruit & I could tell it was fresh, very tasty.

SInce we both got cold wraps I am curious to try a hot wrap. Needless to say we will more than likely come back for lunch.
This place is 12 miles away from my house. My boyfriend and I make it a point to go once a week. The wraps are AMAZING! And, fresh! And, you don't feel like lard after eating one. Doesn't drain you and/or make you crave a nap. I get the Farmers Market Wrap which is vegetarian and is sooooooooo good. My mouth is watering right now. And, my boyfriend gets the Laguna Tuna. He loves it!
I had lunch here today and had the Baja Chicken wrap with fruit. It was awesome...so fresh and delicious. The place is very quaint and displays beautiful artwork. I mentioned the www yelp on their receipt and asked how many "stars" on yelp.com did they have, they have 4. 
With that information, I have to give them a  star rating to move their average up! 
Thank you
i parked in back and went through the back door which takes you right through the kitchen. a man in back greeted me and escorted me though the kitchen to the counter where a woman greeted me promptly. i orgered the farmer's market wrap with pasta salad and just as i went to pay, spotted a tray of giant chocolate chip cookies looking lonely behind the woman. so i added one of those too. i started eating the cookie while i waited for my lunch. woah, delicious. soft and fresh and loaded with chocolate chunks. 

i took my lunch to go and brought it back to work. the wrap was loaded with fresh veggies and a yummy sauce of unknown origin. it was a decent size and being that i had just devoured a cookie nearly the sze of my head, i saved the other half for later. it sat on my desk for a couple of hours and when i bit into the second half, it was surprisingly better than the first. i guess the flavors had time to marinate. 

since i work so close to here, i'll be back. i want to try to the hot vegetarian sandwich. and another cookie. who am i kidding?
Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a whirl. Interesting little place. The decor is all kinda mis-matched which I like. The food is okay - not amazing but does the trick for a quick work lunch. Nothing I'd drive out of my way for or crave on a weekend but good, fresh food. It tastes like something mom would make at home - nothing fancy but simple good wraps and salads.
i went back and had a lack-luster experience. kind of boring. and i had to wait a REALLY long time for a cold veggie sandwich. i finally asked the guys in the kitchen what was up and he just held it up in the air as if to say - it's ready now! but clearly it had been sitting around for-ev-er. serisouly, at least 25 minutes. no beuno.
The best wraps in town, especially the "Sonoran."  They're made to order (chicken grilled at the time, for example), so allow extra time.  Very friendly people, and attractive settings.
This place is ok. I wish they had a menu online or a website. I think I'll attempt to put a menu on there when Im done with this review. I have recently begun enjoying a wrap here and there and noticed this place and felt like trying it. Im currently eating the Thankgiving Turkey Wrap and its pretty good. A little too much cheese, wish it was a little hotter/meltier but overall, decent wrap. Ill definitely try something new next time, which means ill be returning. The art on the walls intrigued me, apparently there a woman who commissions pet portraits for around $200, I asked if they had more of her cards, because the card holder was empty, and the woman at the desk showed me her website and said she would be back in a few days with more cards. Exceptional place, i will be recommending it.
On my first visit, the delicious Mediterranean wrap outweighed my disappointment that they were out of the Sonoran. The ingredients taste fresh and the wrap is well made - it doesn't fall apart like wraps I've had at other places. Service was very courteous but slow - it took quite a while to take my order (even though only one person was in front of me) and then a while to make the wrap. Also on the down side, the wrap seems small for roughly $7. Granted, it comes with a side, but the fruit cup was also small. (The place offers several side options.) Also, selection of wraps is not as rich or interesting as It's a Wrap, but unfortunately that place moved up to Camelback from it's 7th St. location some time ago, so isn't quite as close for me. I hope All Wrapped Up does well here - there really aren't enough lunch spots in the area.
Delicious and fresh. Good portions, great selection, and low prices. Across from the hospital.
Yummy fresh alternative ---- tasty ----- the sweet potato
 fries are worth the add-on
Very good
What a great place. Fresh and healthy food and a wonderful atmosphere. I have eaten there 4 times in the last month and each thing i get is awesome. I hear they are adding new items all the time and always open for suggestions. Come on, help a small business out!
Excellent food and service. I had the Mediterranean wrap. It was definitely worth a second try, but there are a lot of items on the menu I'm going to have to check out.
Awesome food, great atmosphere, and, friendly service! I will definitely come back.  The wraps are excellent!
Really solid little bistro. Fast, friendly, attentive service from our server (she's from Prague and gets extra points for being Czech). Great drink selection. Everything you would expect. Two of us ordered steak frite which came well done for some bizarre reason. Default temp on menu stated the correct medium-rare. Server had correct temp orders to us in a few minutes - fantastic recovery. Will probably split my time between Jacs and Brasserie IV going forward. Both do similar things and have their own pluses and minuses.
It helps that this place is two blocks from my apartment.
The bartenders make excellent cocktails, my personal favorites being the Brooklyn and the New Fashioned. They also serve a wide variety of belgian beers that go along very well with the frites.

Stop in for the happy hour 4-7pm for 1/2 off all of their drinks. I go once a week if I'm in town. It's a small place, so it tends to get packed.

Have only eaten there once  and had polenta which was  quite good. I love the atmosphere and the bar, but I also hope to stop in more for the food.
I liked Jacs from the moment I walked in - the decor was warm and unpretentious, yet still feels like a nice restaurant. It *almost* made me feel like I was in a restaurant in a city bigger than Madison. The bar deserved 4.5 stars. The Belgian beers, on tap or by the bottle, are wonderful - although I would prefer if they could keep their tap beers at varying temperatures, since my Belgian was a bit colder than it should have been. That's not really something to complain about, as it's perfectly lovely to sit at the bar and wait for it to warm up. The mixed drink list (using some word play, and not obnoxiously) and wines seemed well thought out and down to earth - I'm looking forward to ordering a martini on my next visit.

The food was good, but somewhere closer to 3 stars. We started with the pear and brie flatbread, and enjoyed it quite a bit. It has a cardamom honey drizzled on it that you notice, but doesn't overwhelm the dish. The frites are, indeed, wonderful. Eat them quickly, because they lose their flavor and texture upon cooling more than most french fries I've eaten (yes, I know - who wants to eat cold fries? but as I eat and talk, I don't want them to depreciate so quickly). My tofu sandwich had excellent texture, but was a bit blah. I had hoped they would have marinated the tofu. My husband had the portabello sandwich, which was truly good, but wasn't up to the standards that the decor and drinks set us up to expect. The quality does match the prices -  our sandwiches came with frites or other sides, and cost $9.

I'll definitely return here. Especially for the beer.
Let's see -- $14 for an okay fish fry (can you believe they serve the cole slaw in a plastic relish container?), no bread unless you fork over another $4, and a room that's so noisy you can barely hear yourself think. Nope, not for me!
Can't beat this place's happy hour (4-7 50% off drinks). It gets packed but the bartenders are all really great. Staple drink: New Fashion.

Food-wise, the frites are great (you can't go wrong with fries though). Brunch was OK, definitely not my favorite. The rest of the food, I've only tried bits and pieces, but it's all been good. Plus it gets points for looking delicious (as I've noted every time I'm just there for drinks).

Service: Super! All the staff is friendly and accommodating - especially the bartenders.
Environment: Half the place is for dining, the other half is the bar. It's decently sized, but gets packed pretty easily during happy hour - which also makes it a little bit loud. Also, wish they had outdoor seating.

Background: This used to be the Monroe Street Bistro. They changed their menu but kept mostly the same with the drinks.
Quick Review: tried the fish fry, and more or less had the same experience as Ashley H from below - bland overpriced food served in miniscule portions.  Great ambiance, an awesome beer menu (Belgium and Wisconsin offerings), excellent staff, but ultimately a fail when it comes to the food.

Full review is available at my site (see profile or previous reviews) - it's getting too difficult to write two unique reviews for each fish fry.
Great beer selection, great service and a creative touch to the menu!
Great place for lunch, the sandwiches always leave me happy. Soups are made in house and for the most part ROCK, best clam chowder I've ever had.  

Great beer, AWESOME happy hour (as far as I can tell they have it everyday and it's HALF OFF EVERYTHING) and tasty specialty drinks.  I had a Wisco Sour ... or three (you have the option of having it served the old traditional way, with an egg white. TRY IT!  Sooooooo good!). Dinner is really great, we usually go on Mondays (half off bottles of wine).  

The entree section is fairly small, but still hard to choose from (and the sandwiches from lunch are still available... it can take me and hour to order, I swear).  From my experience I'd say you can't go wrong with the Chicken Fran... something-or-other (super tasty, rich cream sauce), the Risotto or the Mussels (with a big cone of fries that I NEVER can finish, the sauce is a different story).  LOVE the Peach Flatbreat; we do that with HH all the time, it's new and it better not leave!!  

They have brunch on the weekend, with $2 mimosas (so much better than the Come Back, I'm willing to pay $2 more, plus they are HUGE).  

We don't take our daughter much (because we usually intend to hit up the HH for a while first :)  but when we do they always give her toys to play with and the servers are really nice!  I never feel bad about her squeals because it gets pretty loud anyway :)  I'd say it's child friendly for lunch and an early dinner early in the week, but not so much on the weekends.  Can't really rate the children's menu, since she isn't really eating off of it yet... I think I remember seeing a hummus sandwich option that sounded great.  Over all I'd say it's one of our favorite spots to go!  

Service is always great, we get a "Cheers" vibe from the place (the bartenders remembered us from our first visit which I though was really sweet).  

a few tips: weekends are crazy, so is happy hour; get there early and stake claim on some seats at the bar and put your name in for a table if you want to eat in the dining room.  It can get loud... but it's gotten a lot better (they have a metal ceiling, so it's never going to be quiet, lol) happy hour adds to this I think, so if you really want some quiet go later.  GET A CAB!  Seriously, Belgian beer is potent and you really can't have just one (or if you are my husband, just 5 :) not to mention there always seems to be some kind of special going on that sucks me in... we've had to call it in a couple of times... now we just go prepared :)  

OH and even my family from up north found something they liked!
Great little atmosphere, but dinner was not that great. I think when we go back it will be for drinks and apps and from looking at what others were ordering, that might be the way to go.
We went out to Jacs to give it a try and I found a truly welcoming little spot along the specialized storefronts and restaurants of Monroe Street.  While the place bills itself as European-inspired, I found instead a comfy locavore place that was a little upscale, but not immensely overpriced and certainly enjoyable. 

The highlight? Their cheese plate: it featured four bits of local cow, goat or raw milk cheese and -- wait for it -- a "snit" of New Glarus beer. On the platter. 

This is what I love about Wisconsin.
Jacs is a good place to hit if you are around Monroe Street.  I've been several times, mostly for dinner but also for brunch.  The menu is pretty standard, with sandwiches, salads, and some entrees like steak frites.  They have great beer choices and you can also get a flight.  Food is usually good, some things have been better than others.  I really liked the frites and the pesto sandwich.  Interior is nice, though not quite as nice as Brasserie V.
Jacs...where have you been all my life...ha! Stopped in at Jacs on a recent trip to my alma mater last weekend. This place has changed names a few times since I was in college, but they seem to have found their niche. It claims to be a restaurant AND tap house, and that's true with the amount of beers they have available. Had a couple local brews, my favorite being the scotch ale. The place is small and quaint with friendly service and a menu that is pub grub, with a kick. 

I went with the Salmon BLT and it game on some ciabatta bread and some aioli sauce and the BLT items. Came with the frites that everyone else raves about and they were good! Great flavor and light all around. Perfect for lunch. Nice place for a casual date or to bring family & friends when visiting.
Jac's, the reincarnation of a couple tries at restaurants in this near-West side Monroe St. space in recent years, does a lot of things right.  These include:

- vibrant, fun and comfortably crowded full-service bar and dining room that lends a neighborhood and low-key vibe to the place 

- an expansive French bistro-style menu with well-executed soups and salads for starters, classics such as moules frites (in your choice of three wine-based baths), entres such as duck breast - perfectly cooked medium-rare, and an array of delicious side items such as roasted brussels sprouts (if you think you hate them, think again)

- a great lunch menu with an array of sandwiches to tempt any tastebuds. Try the salmon on flatbread with aioli for a real treat.

- nice specials, such as half-off bottles of wine on Monday nights

- a commitment to rustic and local foods that really demonstrate a restaurant's understanding of the particular Madison style that has taken hold in the city's top dining venues


My criticisms are few:

- the prices are high: entres come close to, match and even surpass some of the city's more ambitious eateries. This is an issue at Jac's, because the food is very good in almost all cases but...

- ...the ambiance is lacking.  The serviceable but uninspired dcor is a letdown, particularly when such effort has gone into crafting a French bistro or gastropub-style menu

- the Friday night fish fry is a major disappointment; it's not particularly cheap and the fish lacks flavor.  The Laurel just next door does a much better job.

Jac's is a restaurant with a loyal following and a great deal of potential to attract an even larger fanbase.  To do so, a revamping of the dining room to match the ambitious menu, a honing of the overly expansive menu, and a check-in with what some other restaurants are doing, a bit more successfully (e.g. Sardine), would really bump Jac's up into the next echelon of Madison staples where it seems to want to be.  Alternately, Jac's could consider slightly lowering their prices to better match the dcor and casual service, and things would feel a bit more correctly aligned.  

Bottom line: a promising spot with good bistro-style food, but needs some polish and attention to detail to become a true contender.
Great food, perfect atmosphere for a casual drink or lunch/dinner.  I'm really looking forward to going here again soon.

We tried the moules et frites, the garlic and chardonnay variety. Delicious and a meal in itself. My significant other had the pulled pork sandwich which is served on ciabatta that accompanied and held the pork and bbq. The bbq had great flavor without  taking over the pork.  

I went with the smoked salmon BLT and was delighted. I can't believe I never thought of that before.  When I go back again it will be hard to not order it again.  

The frites that are served with the moules are huge and very good. They also had two soups, one lemon chickpea, the other a southwestern chowder.  So, not your typical soup options either. I love places like this!
Hurray!  Good food at reasonable prices in a comfortable atmosphere.  The Moules et Frites (with the butter & white wine sauce, NOT the chorizo) are a must.  The crab cake will either be a) the best in town or b) a mushy mayo mess.  Likewise, the steak can really vary in cut and quality.  However, we keep coming back for the great house chardonnay, warm service, and mussels.
this is our "close to home" standby. we love the burgers (especially on the nights when they are buy-one/get-one ala cart), appreciate the great happy hour specials and welcome the regularly changing on-tap selection. we have also tried and liked most of the sandwiches and flat breads on the menu and of course - the frites are always a hit. we've also been for brunch and had great eggs benedict and bloody "maries"... if there was a sticking point it would be that service is kind, but can be a bit missing-in-action and/or overworked at times, so it's not always the best choice for a quick bite
I stopped in late this morning for a quick lunch.  This place has a warm, welcoming feel the instant you walk through the doors.  I liked the 1/2 bar, 1/2 dining setup the restaurant offered as well.  I'd imagine it would be a great place to grab an early evening drink with some friend.  

The sign outside piqued my interest in the Fresh Made Soups.  I grabbed the grilled cheese with a cup of the Poblano Pepper and Corn.  The sandwich was incredible... definitely your grown up grilled cheese.  Bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes and a combination of brie and muenster between two perfectly browned slices of thick Texas Toast. The sandwich was on the smaller side, but I prefer that.  I'd rather eat my meal than have to leave with a box.  

The soup left me a little empty.  I was expecting a bit more kick from the poblano and more flavor overal, but it was still good.  I added a bit of salt and pepper and it was more than palatable.  

Overall, not a bad spot.  It's got a very Brasserie V feel to it  that comes through from the modern European vibe both places are trying to portray.
I can't say enough good things about this place--my new fave in town!  This restaurant is VERY gluten free friendly!  My fiance needs gluten free food and they were incredibly knowledgable and had a great GF menu.  Their food was so flavorful and reasonably priced.

Happy hour and Monday specials were great--a really great deal on mussels and 1/2 off a bottle of wine.  There's another day of the week where the deal is buy one burger get one free!  

We also loved the fries because they came with a great garlic aioli sauce.  

The atmosphere is a great casual pub style atmosphere.

Our server was incredibly friendly and checked on and recommended various GF items--so wonderful!
Service was great.  The mussels were awesome.  Good beer selection.
Ordered the filet and the pork chops and both were overcooked.
I came here last week to grab a beer with friends. Love the selection of beers. I can see my husband and I coming back for some brews. If you consider yourself a "beer snob" then you'll love what they offer. If you're looking for Miller, Coors and those are your staples, you won't find them here. 

Also have nice nightly specials. The night that I stopped in was 2-1 burger night. I didn't order food, but other's plates looked very appetizing. Prices are a little high for what I'm comfortable with, but if the special works for you, it's a good value. Beer is priced well.

Atmosphere is nice and cozy, waitstaff is friendly and courteous. 

All in all, I will definitely be going to jacs again. Check it out!
Jacs deserves the stars if only for how they ably handled our large group coming in without reservations at the end of the night. The waiter was friendly, attentive, and did a good job of explaining the selection to the group. He also handled check-splitting well, which made the end of the night that much easier. 

Excellent selection of beers, although definitely on the expensive side (nothing on tap under $5). Worth the price, however. The only food we had were the frites, which were a tad overcooked but tasty nonetheless.

Looking forward to coming back with a much smaller group. Very similar to Brasserie V, except a darker ambiance and with more Wisconsin brews on tap.
visiting madison for the next few days, and I want to take this place home with me.  This place has a great selection of local beers on tap.  Ambience can be described as comfortable and dimly lit.  Everyone just seemed happy.  We ordered light and had the beet salad with a stuffed chicken special which was scrape the plate good.  We also split a side a grilled asparagus which was grilled perfectly with a nice char.
Went here tonight after reading all the positive reviews on here, and a write up in Madison Originals.  
Wanted the Almond stuffed Dates for our appetizer.  They were out of it.  We skipped the appetizer.
Had the Mussels w/chorizo (me), and the Special (hubby), can't remember the name of it, but it was a fish dish.  The mussels were pretty good, but not nearly enough chorizo.  The fish special was OK, but the size of the fish portion was very small.  They have good beer, and it's priced accordingly.  My diet Coke was flat.
We ordered the Flourless Chocolate cake, and the Bourbon Creme Brulee for dessert.  They were out of the Creme Brulee.  The flourless chocolate cake was the worst example I've ever had.  It was airy, (it's supposed to be super dense), and barely chocolaty (it's supposed to be intense dark chocolate).  It don't know whether they make it or buy it, but either way, it needs to change.  It's simply not good.  This was the first time I've EVER left flourless chocolate cake on the table, uneaten.
The place is very small, but the wait was extremely long for "meh" food.
We won't be returning.
Great food and great service.  Got here around 9 on a Friday Night and were seated in 5 minutes. The server was prompt and attentive, even offering to split the total into two checks (unheard of and frowned upon in Chicago). I had the Mac and cheese (veggie version) and my friend had a walnut chickpea burger and we were both pleased with the food.  The wine was good and priced appropriately.  Loved the atmosphere.  All in all a great experience.
The food is delicious and consistent.  Great beer selection.  Fries are amazing.  Burger is small but tasty.  Catch of the day never disappoints.  Highly recommend this place for a casual dinner and brunch.  AND they have gluten free fish and chips...WHAT!?!?!  They fry gluten-free in a separate fryer.
Small place - definitely recommend reservations. I watched them turn away at least 4 groups before 5:30pm! (we got there at 4:50pm) Had a filet special and the mac & cheese. Both were wonderful! Interesting beer list, in a good way.
In a town with so many options, you're not missing much if you skip jacs.  Their beer list is extensive, but that's not saying much in Madison.  I've been twice; once for beers, and once for brunch.

Beers: bottom line, sit at the bar if you want service.  If you're on the other side of the restaurant, you might as well be invisible.  jacs appears to be one of those places where the busier they are, the more likely you are to be taken care of; it's fine for waitstaff to be chatty with the bartenders, of course, but not at the expensive of obviously-waiting customers.  If your brew of choice isn't on tap or on special, be prepared to pay more for a bottle there than you would in most other places.

Saturday brunch: a better experience, over all. Entree pricing is in line with what you might expect elsewhere, and nicely enough, the first bloody mary, screwdriver, or mimosa you order with a brunch entree is $2.  Stick with the mimosa in this case; those received positive reviews, whereas my bloody mary was a disaster of a drink.  The mix is made in-house but is neither spicy nor interesting, but could have been saved if it hadn't been for the lethal layer of vodka floating on top.  Garnished with a lemon slice,a pickle, and a pimiento-stuffed olive and served in a small cocktail glass, this is truly an amateurish effort, and not even worth the $2 addition to the meal.

The food also received mixed reviews; I enjoyed the eggs benedict (the portion of ham served in this dish is both delicious and generous) and the herbed potatoes were quite tasty.  The crepes my friend had were disappointing; she said she can make better.

After a couple tries, I'm done with jacs.  I was surprised to see that they've been open since 2009; the place has a nice ambience but the service, the beverages, and the food all come with the feeling of a restaurant that has very recently opened and is still working out the kinks.  There are better places on Monroe Street and within a couple miles of this place; it's not bad, but you can do far better.
Had dinner there last night- our second visit, but it had been a while. The frites were great- crispy, well-done, plentiful (actually too many for just two people). We're not beer drinkers, although they have an extensive beer selection. Our cocktails were good, and our waitress was a doll.

Two things keep this a 3-star review; the price point is too high for what it is- my burger was $11.00, and while it was 'fine', it was a couple of dollars overpriced.  The other, and much worse part is that we left stinking of a dive bar with an unvented hood.  You know that smell- it sticks with you all night, in your hair and on your clothes.  Not at all what I had hoped for, and this needs to be remedied, because that will keep us from coming back
Vibrant, fun environment, on a Tuesday night no less. Had a 10 minute wait for  a table of 5 at 615pm. Menu is small, but good variety. Some veggie, some seafood, some meat/chicken/pork. Hard to choose. Great beer on tap. The dark Dragon's Milk from Michigan was hearty, with good balance of chocolate, malt and hints of vanilla. Yum!

I enjoyed the moule frites. Fries were hearty and well spiced. Warm and not soggy. Mussels had good garlic flavor with hints of lemon. Well cooked. Not a closed one in the bunch.

Also had the Mediterranean platter appetizer.  Good variety. Tasty carrot spread and decent hummus. Could have used more pita bread.

Service was attentive, although had to ask for a napkin more than once (mine had fallen to the floor). Waitress really knew the menu. Other downside was the two creamy soups on the menu. Always like it when a restaurant offers one non-creamy option for those of us who do not like (or want) a creamy soup.

I M LOOKING FORWARD TO GOING BACK THERE.
We love, love, love Jacs. We live down the street and go about once a week. The hosts and servers are always friendly, especially to our preschooler...jackpot! As vegetarians, we always find great menu choices--standouts are the walnut burger, the beet salad, and the sweet potato flatbread. Great local beers and fun, casual ambiance.
No culinary standouts will likely be found here, but come here for the atmosphere and a drink (beer or wine).

I had a great time here and will be back, but I give my ratings based on the food since that is what I care most about. The frites are good, the sandwiches are all Ok, but there was more ranch than my liking on my salmon blt. 

If you are just looking for a place to come after work though, I would still recommend this place for a drink. It is small and not too loud, with a large bar area and a chalkboard full of good looking beers. Unfortunately I came for lunch and had to return to work.
officially my favorite spot in madison.

so gluten-friendly, it makes me want to cry. i get to eat bread here-- no more wrapping my burger in lettuce!

the drinks are delicious. i highly recommend the eden's margarita and the mojito. the jacs burger and the citrus chicken sandwich are both yummy. also, the flour-less chocolate cake is great. and finally, the frites are amazing; again, appreciate the gluten-free consciousness, especially in the utilization of a gluten-free fryer (no cross-contamination).

go here and be happy.
Great for gluten free dining...Almost the entire menu can be made/ modified gluten free.
Zesty and flavorful! I wish to frequent this spot again!! On the smallish side, with a lovely ambiance. They get their gluten-free bread from The Silly Yak Bakery & Bread Barn!
Great service. Excellent food. Amazing bartenders.
Delicious food and wonderful service. Went there with a friend because they're gluten-free and we've heard good things about them (no gluten for me), and I was THRILLED with the fact that most things were available GF and not just in the "remove the bun" way. We got a hummus platter with GF pita which was pretty good (the pita was decent and good, the hummus was PHENOMENAL), and I had a breaded chicken dish that was divine. The flourless chocolate cake was tasty as usual.
As others have stated, this has become one of my favorite spots in Madison.

The happy hour is one of the best, and the specialty drinks are unique, delicious and potent.  Getting them for half price from 4-6 is just icing on the cake.  However, you will have to get there quite early to secure seating in the bar area since the happy hour special is only good in that side of the restaurant.

I have eaten both brunch and dinner at Jac's and have yet to be disappointed.  I have tried a majority of the menu items, but my favorite still remains the mussels.  They are simply the best in town.  It is also great to have several vegetarian and many gluten free options so this location is always an option for those who have more restrictive diets.

Finally, the waitstaff and bartenders are both attentive and friendly regardless of how busy it gets.
Good beer selection. Very bland food. Small portions and over priced.
Yeah doggie, doggie. This is what I'm talking 'bout Madison. 

Food. Service. Atmosphere. 
Check. Check. Check. 

I had the opportunity to whisk Elites Bob S and Scrantz outta their home while they are without kitchen and met them down the street for my first jac attack. I dug it. Lots. First off without even asking the waitress let me know I could try any beer I wanted (it's like she saw the indecisiveness coming outta my pores). She grabbed a taste of Oso;s Hop Whoopin' which on tap is pretty spectacular. Not as hoppy as I thought (score, as I'm just learning to embrace bitter... I'm a naturally cheery person) with grapefruit notes (my fave of the round citrus). 

For din din I went with the fried cod (3rd week in a row I've had fish fry) and I have to tell you, it was one of the best I've had. For frozen, battered deep fried cod, it was pretty darn flaky. You can get potatoes pancakes alongside but I opted for frites and I'm glad I did. They're seasoned really nicely and served hot... like frites should be. (If you get the Mussels which Bob did, frites are served in this cornucopia like contraption that makes it look like they go on for daaaaaaays. Easy sharing!) Scrantz had a roasted veggie salad with an amazing smoked salmon atop. So much smoky flavor in the bite she shared with me. 

All in all I was quite pleased with my first trip and can't wait to go back to try more of the menu. (It's probably no coincidence that my favorite restaurant in Tucson... old stomping grounds... is Jax!)
Yesterday morning, 6 girlfriends got together for their start of weekly brunches. We chose Jac's because we heard wonderful things about the restaurant and despite the fact someone wanted to go to Bluephies, we vetoed her. Little did we know. 

The food was wonderful. 

However as we finished our drinks (water and soda), we continued in our conversation, laughing about how men do not clean as well as women. At this time, we were approached by a waitress who said that. "She did not want to ask us to leave but if we could keep it down and stop being vulgar because other customers were complaining."

We all sat in shock because Jac's is not that large and we could not believe which customers had said something because we never said anything inappropriate and we were not being stared at. 

We called the manager to talk because our wonderful brunch (our bills had been paid already, tips left) was now ruined. The manager was extremely rude and blamed us for ruining the morning for customer.. She never once apologized nor listened to our side. As we got up to leave, another couple got up to leave and said to us, "We can't believe that happened. That was completely absurd." 

Needless to say, 6 girls who spent over $130.00 will not be returning to Jac's. Our service was bad and the manager worse. We thought Jac's be our weekly brunch spot but we will move onward to a better location where people are allowed to laugh and enjoy a morning in good company.

PS I do love their food and have been to Jac's a half dozen times so its a disappointment that I will not return.

PPS I have enjoyed dinner here with a group of 13 and did not have this experience and we were much louder and even sang happy birthday as we jumped up and down. Not sure why this happened but again, very disappointed.
[SPOILER ALERT: Avoid this place like the plague.]

I'm not a girlie girl, so when I decided to do a girls' brunch--I chose Jacs, given the impression of it as a warm, inviting taphouse. Beer and cheese alongside breakfast? Yes, please.

I've had dinner here a few times, and really loved the veggie walnut burger and frites. The beet salad was pretty tasty, too.

Needless to say, this Sunday I was excited. It had been a busy week at work, but I had made reservations and invited my best girlfriends along for the culinary adventure.

Fail. Fail. Fail.

The food was okay, but my order (a breakfast sandwich, served with potatoes) was served on a plate half full. From the start, I was unimpressed with the presentation. The potatoes were fine, and the sandwich was okay--but I was disappointed with the white texas toast. I wish the bread was whole grain, ciabatta, or something with some extra oomph. 

Halfway through my meal, I couldn't find the waitress to refill my water. I was so parched, and I unpleasantly waited some time for a refill. 

As we were sorting out our checks, a waitress came over saying that we were being loud and vulgar. I was confused, and thought maybe she was mixing us up with another table. We called over the manager, hoping to resolve the situation--but she resorted to continuing the offense and insulting us further, not offering an apology. She railed on us for a few minutes while my friends and I listened in shock. I am completely mind-boggled by this situation--I've NEVER in my life been treated like this at an establishment that I'm paying for goods and services. 

I'm still reeling from the insult. Maybe 10+ years ago, in college, at 1am, it would be fun to be loud and boisterous, and then I could understand some gentle scolding. However, this type of behavior towards our classy, professional group? AT A BAR? 

I hope Jacs handles this manager. You never know what burdens someone carries with them, and I don't know what her struggles are--but this should never have occurred. 

I will not be returning to Jacs, and I'm recommending to everyone I know, as well as you faithful Yelpers, to steer clear. Their service and treatment of patrons is a step away from criminal. Shameful.

By the way, I didn't even get the beer and cheese alongside breakfast. Maybe that's where I went wrong? Sigh.
Best Brunch!!
The best thing to order here: moules-frites! We get them every time, and every time they are delish! Best in town!
Shame on me for my previous one liner review. Deserves a much longer write up.

- No reservations, but can call ahead to get on the list.
- Gets cold if sitting by door or windows when cooler temps. (bring a coat)
- Friendly/helpful waitstaff & bartenders
- Crispy well seasoned frites
- Flatbreads are excellent to share
- Almost also items can be made gluten free
-  All Beer, Wine and Alcohol is 1/2 off during Happy Hours.
                         Monday-Thursday 4pm - 7pm
                         Friday & Saturday 4pm - 6 pm

Have yet to have a bad meal. Food always served piping hot. Staff is attentive. Making sure waters are filled and everything is ok. Bartenders are always making sure no hand is empty.

On one occasion we called about 30 mins ahead cause we were coming from Beaver Dam. So we got on the list and said there was a 30 minutes wait. Then we arrived and actually ended up waiting for additional 45 minutes rather than 10 minutes. Which was totally cause we planned on having drinks too. But then one of us finished their beer before being seated and the next beer and the cheese curds that we had also ordered while waiting they said was on the house for the long wait. Thought that was a nice gesture on their part.
Fantastic breakfast, awesome gluten free options. We liked the breakfast so much we came back for dinner the next night. The restaurant was busy and would have been a pretty long wait. Although the incredible food would have been worth the wait, we were pressed for time, so the hostess was very polite and recommended another option for us. We greatly appreciated the outstanding customer service, and we will definitely be back next time we are in Madison! Thank you Jac's!
Went here for bunch with a fairly large group on a snowy Sunday morning. We got in around opening so it was pretty empty, but got more crowded as we sat there. I got the classic eggs benedict, which was good...however I will empty what one of the other reviewers said in that the potatoes were a little skimpy. In fact most people's dishes looked a little skimpy - maybe it's because the plates are too big, or maybe it's because the french toast is so dense.

Now maybe because it was empty when we came in and he was happy to see us, the owner offered to buy us a round of drinks - yey! So we all ordered mimosas/bloody marys. However when the bill came....the drinks were decidedly not free. But we didn't make a fuss out of it...with an entree the drinks were only $2. 

Beer menu looks quite interesting - I'll have to come back another time for a beer or two. But if you don't want to drink a really good beer and just want a "regular" pale ale or some other micro you'll see most places - well it ain't gonna happen. And that's not a bad thing...
After a good dinner, while eating desert, we were told to leave as they had another party expected for a reservation in 10 minutes
Frites, bacon wrapped almond stuffed dates and beer list were excellent. Cheese curds were 2nd only to the Old Fashioned.  Some work on cocktail execution and ironing out kinks with seating would push it over the top! Great addition to the Madison restaurant scene!
Just go there, trust me..
Yes - no stars!!  Are you f**king kidding me??  We waited two hours on a Tuesday night!  Hostess needs to learn how to sit people in a timely manner!  Bad news!!
Awesome food! We drive an hour and a half one way just to eat there sometimes. Love the gluten free options. Try the turkey sandwich - to die for! Only complaint is it's always freezing in there. Otherwise, my favorite!
This place is good. It's a very small restaurant, so eating in can be crowded. The burgers are great - especially the walnut burger. The brie sandwich is amazing. Awesome fries - great brunches.  Very little the complain about here.
I have been to jacs several times as it is in my neighborhood. I miss the earlier days of this place when the bartender was sweet and funny and the place felt like somewhere you would want to go every day. Fast forward a couple years: though the food is even better and more creative than when they first opened, the servers have become catty and downright rude (I shouldn't generalize, but my experience has made it so). Twice I had a female server who obviously has no poker face. If you ask for a menu item to be altered or ask her to repeat something you are met with snooty disdain. When my family and I asked one evening to be relocated to a warmer area of the restaurant (NOTE: get something to block the freezing Wisconsin cold from the entry!) and weren't happy with either suggestion and moved to the bar, this same server proceeded to complain IN FRONT of us to another server about "how customers don't understand that a server loses earning when they sit at the bar." Not only that, she and several other servers cattily chatted about shopping, other servers not showing up on time, etc.--all of which I do not want to overhear as a paying customer. I have worked in retail for ages and understand the time and place to chat: but it is certainly NOT in front of clientele. Also, treat your customers well; the customer is always right (even if you have to bite your tongue); bend over  backwards to please your customers. Just do it.

On a nice  note, I love the food here and the frites are the best in Madison. The pizzas are excellent, and the veggie burger delish. In the summer, when you don't have to subject yourself to blasts of COLD air coming in the from wintry outside, jacs is the greatest place to share an appetizer and glass on wine after a stroll with family or pals.
Jac's--  thank you for holding up the reputation on this stretch of Monroe Street.  We all know the Laurel Tavern and Bluephies weren't helping much!  (ok Michael's - thank you too).

I've only been here a couple times, but I've always walked away happy.  I'm not sure how long ago they first opened, but within the last two years I've noticed they've started to work their way into "Madison's good restaurants" conversations.  

My most recent experience was for a dinner with my parents.  It was a busy Friday night and we had about a 45 minute wait.  It's a smaller place, and I expected nothing shorter than that.  It's a nice neighborhood --- so we took a walk over to Lake Wingra to kill some time.

I had the Mole Pork Loin.  Mole- the chocolate sauce topping common in some Mexican dishes.   Check out my attached picture.   It was served over some cooked "matchstick root vegetables"   I recommend!

My mom really enjoyed her fish fry, my girlfriend got the Moules et frites which were served in a garlic wine pesto type sauce.  Those were very tasty... and the aioli for the frites was great.  My Dad had the brewbarb burger and he was really impressed with the rhubarb ketchup on it.

Overall, we were really happy.  My Dad was really skeptical that the service was going to be lacking due to how busy it was.  Service ended up being excellent.  I'll definitely be back.
Went there again tonight. Absolutely delicious and amazing, as usual, with fabulous drinks. Food was so good I didn't even WANT dessert, which is UNHEARD of. The GF pasta was perfectly cooked and everything was seriously divine. This is the place I go any time I'm feeling down about missing gluten.

Not only that, but as someone whose food options are limited most places--the VAST majority of the menu are things I can eat. There are only 4 items, exactly 4, that can't be made gluten free.
I go there for Happy Hour.  Frequently.   Half-priced St. Bernardus 12 (always on tap) and a phenomenal selection of other local and world taps at Happy Hour defines the term.
We had such a nice brunch here. Wonderful food. Wonderful service. Great selection. Good prices. A yummy turnover to finish off a lovely meal. Unpretentious and friendly. We'll be back!
Soup was delicious.  The hamburger, one of the best i have ever had!  For a bar i was totally surprised!
Dear Burger Joints of Madison -

I have bad news for you. It comes under the inauspicious name of "Brewbarb Burger", which contains the following ingredients: Grilled Pecatonica Valley Farms ground 
beef, rhubarb ketchup, bacon, Brie, caramelized onion, romaine, bacon aioli, all on a ciabatta roll. It is ridiculously great. And it has claimed the title, in this humble restaurant-goer's book, of best damn burger in Madison. It also helps that the fries are delicious, a clear cut above the typical fare served at places like the Old Fashioned (fries at Graze are of similar quality).

I can't even remember what else we've ordered there - the Brewbarb will do that to your mind. It is insane. Brewbarb. BREWBARB!

I was trying to think of something negative to say about this place, and all I could come up with is that I think their signage looks a bit cheesy - the cursive "Jac's" just doesn't hae a modern inviting look to it. But that might just be me.

So time to step it up, Dotty's, Graze, Old Fashioned, Marigold, wherever. Though I'm not sure you have a chance. That rhubarb ketchup doesn't grow on trees, and I'm thinking the chefs at Jac's might not be willing to share the recipe.

All the best,
Me
What can I say? I left feeling that I had been duped into taking an old order of cheese curds and shorted on my beer.

 Our waitress was pretty much "spot on," though she did somehow manage to bring my beer and our order of cheese curds out at the same time, which was only about 1 minute after having ordered them...which was great for the beer though left us both wondering about how the cheese curds got done so fast and yet weren't piping hot??

I also have to add that I was suprised to see my beer come out in a small (8-10oz) goblet opposed to a pint. I guess when order a draught beer I expect a full pint unless the menu specifically states it is a smaller size? (luckily we were already expecting the smaller size for the second beer)

As for the food....it was delicious. Beet Salad and Butternut Squash Flatbread were spilt by the two of us. The salad rocked and was appropiately sized. The Flatbread was excellent with an intereesting combination of brie cheese, squash, and a sweet-cranberry dressing.

Sorry Jac's - I cannot say that I will be looking to come back anytime soon.
Jacs has got the atmosphere nailed - love the wood floors, exposed brick walls and tin ceilings. Our server was excellent - friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the  menu.  

We started with an order of cheese curds which carried a $7 price tag. We were both left us going "wah wah" when a small plate arrived, the cheese curds barely making up a layer covering the plate. Good thing I'm not too much of a cheese curd lover because this was hardly a Wisconsin portion for two! (I'm from Michigan, forgive me, I don't know any better...)

The draft beer list is extensive and diverse, although it is pricey. Most of the beers are in the $7-8 range.  I certainly understand that fancy beers are often served in a smaller goblet glass, but I do think a menu should (and usually does) indicate this in the description.  Otherwise you get sad thirsty people like me expecting a pint and getting a tulip.  

Moving on!  The food was quite good.  We ordered a large beet salad ($11) to share and our server made the extra effort to have the kitchen split the salad into two servings instead of simply handing us an extra fork & plate.  Kudos!  The butternut squash flatbread was excellent. Don't expect a pizza, this is different, kids!  A thin flatbread smeared with a butternut squash & apple puree, topped with chunks of brie, fresh spinach, red onion, and pepitas.  Let's just say people were jealous at work the next day when they saw my carryout box.

Liked the atmosphere, service was excellent, would skip the curds and opt for a bottle of beer.  That about sums it up.
Better food elsewhere.  Nothing was a stand-out.  Tried the cheesecurds...just ok.  Nothing special.  The burger and the turkey sandwich were both just ok.  Both were somewhat flavorless.  The frites were also just ok.

Service was fine and the atmosphere was good.  But, I go for the food and nothing I tasted would draw me back anytime soon.
met some friends here for dinner last night. a reservation had been made, but it still somehow took us 30 minutes to be seated. (strike one.)

this place is tiny... if you're waiting for a table, there's really nowhere to go that isn't in the way of the hostess and waitstaff. hooray for standing by the door on a cold, rainy night! (strike two.) 

then there's the crowd. these waspy, snotty yuppies are why i rarely venture to monroe street. they make my skin crawl. it's like they all stepped out of the pages of a j crew catalog. barf.

we were FINALLY seated, and things were great after that. the server was pleasant and timely for the most part. the beer list is small-ish but solid. i ordered the mac and cheese and it was really, really good... probably the best i've had in a restaurant (although the bacon didn't hurt). i felt like the prices were a bit steep, but overall we were all very happy with what we ordered. i would give jacs four stars for the food, but the reservation snafu and the no waiting area thing didn't make for a great first impression.
Went for a weekend lunch for my first trip. Nice beer selection, but a bit pricey relative to other local prices. E.g., $7 for a pint of beer that would go for $5-6 at other comparable establishments like Alchemy or Brasserie V. I would expect that in Chicago but not Madison.

We got the hummus trio, which was tasty and satisfying. My husband loved the Brewbarb burger so I'm sure he'd give Jacs more stars (in truth I'd award 3.5). I got the roasted root vegetable salad. While it was tasty, and the portion was very generous, many of the veggies weren't cooked enough. Several of the parsnips were so tough I literally could not bite through them. I tried several times. 

I hope to return to jacs and try the flatbreads and frites at some point. Maybe that will solidify a 4-star rating.
The food is ok though I waited 25 minutes for a salad during lunch and the restaurant was almost empty. The customer service is non existent.  Recently fell in the restaurant due to food on the floor.  The manager laughed.  The owner promised me her insurance company would contact me and that she would send me a gift certificate. SHE DID NOTHING.  Never called me back, never contacted me.  SHAME on them.  DON'T GO.
First time there and I really enjoyed Jacs!  Great food and great selection of craft beers and wine.  Very friendly staff as well.
I've finally been adventuring out more to the near west side. I admit, I'm an east side kinda gal, but with places like this, I'll have to expand my area when going out. 

I went here for lunch the day after a camping trip to Blue Mounds. My friend and I were coming back into town and decided to stop by somewhere new to us for lunch. We totally smelled of campfire smoke, but no one gave us a hard time about it. It was the weekend and they were serving brunch, but having had pudgy pies earlier that morning I was more in the mood for lunch food. The brunch menu did look good and spying on dishes delivered to those around us, I may have to give it a try sometime. 

I ordered the bacon cheeseburger they had with the frites. I've read about these frites on yelp for ages, and I can confirm that they are quite delicious. My friend had the sage grilled chicken sandwich and she said it was also super tasty. 

The beer selection looked good, but I wasn't drinking this day. I may have to try it sometime when I'm looking for something Belgium. 

My one complaint while there was that the tables are quite close together. If the person at the table next to us had long hair, I fear it would have been sitting on our table edge. If you are someone that likes your space when you are eating, I don't think this would be the place for you.
About ten days before I ate the moules et frites at jacs, I ate the same meal less than a football field from the sea in France. My husband and I had the same reaction to the mussels at jacs- they were, hands down, much better than the ones I'd had ten days earlier. 

We also shared the crab cake appetizer, which was the perfect size for two people to split, and was nice and light with plenty of crab flavor coming through instead of too much filler. My husband had the special that night, which was a pork medallion and chipotle mashed potato, and while he doesn't usually enjoy mashed potatoes, he found them delicious. 
Great experience at jacs, would definitely recommend for a nice dinner out or for a mellow place to take visiting in-laws and the like.
Small but great mussels...
We had a great visit to jacs for lunch.  The restaurant is smaller, so I can see this filling up during busy times, but we showed up around 1:30 and had no problem finding a place to park on the street out front and being seated promptly.  There is a nice bar, small seating area, and the atmosphere is casual.  Our server was attentive and friendly.

The menu is varied and has some interesting selections from which to choose, including sandwiches, salads, flatbreads, and a variety of entrees.  I was with a party of 4, including a child, and I need to eat gluten free.  We had no problem meeting all of these needs at jacs - everyone enjoyed their meals.  The kiddo went with the chicken nuggets and frites from the cute "jacs and jills" kids menu, which is a coloring sheet, and the hostess provided a huge cup of crayons for her.  

One person enjoyed the Brewbarb Burger with frites, which has an intriguing combination of rhubarb ketchup (they make a lot of neat flavored ketchups in-house), bacon, brie, caramelized onion, and bacon aioli.  He thought it was quite good.  Another opted for the vegetarian friendly offering of the Portabella Sandwich with frites, which featured a combo of balsamic marinade, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, and pesto aioli.  This was much loved too.

The gluten free menu is extensive - it is the entire restaurant menu minus just a few items, as indicated on the regular menu.  This gave me a lot of selection.  I finally settled on the Pulled Pork Sandwich on gluten free bread with frites.  The burgers and sandwiches come with an option of frites or mixed greens salad, but we were apparently all in the mood for frites during our visit, and, indeed, they were delicious - golden and crispy.  My pulled pork sandwich was huge - I could barely finish it.  It is loaded with pulled pork.  The real factor that set this apart from others I've tried is the pickled vegetables.  I loved the tangy tartness with the sweet and salty bbq.

We would definitely go back!
One of my favorite Madison Restaurants! Great place for brunch.
First time here recently. Great place! Friendly bartender with good recommendations for beer. Terrific happy hour as well. I had the Prosciutto and Peach Flatbread which was easily one of the best flatbreads I've ever had. Will definitely be back to this place!
I ordered a large beet salad and the husb ordered the chicken sandwich. When the food came out, my salad bowl was very dirty on the outside -- covered in goat cheese, dressing, and bits of lettuce that I presumed were left there when they were tossing the salad. The beets were lukewarm and fingerlike -- they just looked gross. I didn't touch them. The taste of my salad was okay, but way too saturated with dressing.

My husband's sandwich was so-so. He neither liked it nor disliked it.

We weren't impressed, so we won't be back.
Unimpressive food and service in general, jaded waiter. There is a big sign for daily specials such as Tuesday's Special etc. We wanted to order that. We were told "It is for dinner only". No sign of that; they forgot to mention that little detail anywhere else. There are so many better restaurants, especially around Capitol service much better food with n attitude. Try Old Fashioned, for example!
A bad lunch:

1. Unfriendly and stubborn waiter.
2. Super fatty/greasy soup (which made us nauseous later on)
3. One of the people in our group wanted to taste the soup before ordering, which irritated the waiter. When the bill came, we were shocked to see that the restaurant charged us $1 for "tasting the soup". It was literally a sip of soup in a sample cup. 
4. The soup we ordered came with super tiny piece of bread. We asked for "two slices of bread". And, again, to our surprise, they charged us for two ting slices of bread. 
5. The waiter never told us that there is a tasting-the-soup charge or there is a fee for two small pieces of bread!

Shame on this establishment.
WTF? They used to make great fries here and now all they have is deep fried  diced potatoes Gross! Get it together Jac's there are too many good restaurants in Madison to phone it in on a Friday night.
My husband and I came here for dinner around 7pm on a Saturday night.  We were seated immediately.  This was a pleasant surprise since we typically end up waiting a long time at restaurants near the capital.

The waitress was very attentive and friendly. 

The food was delicious!  My husband had duck which was cooked perfectly and had incredible flavor.  The duck had a pomegranate glaze.  It was served with mashed sweet potatoes and some of the best Brussel sprouts I've ever tasted.  I had the wild mushroom poblano risotto which was also good.  We can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu!

My only complaint is that it can get a bit cold when people open the door, but it's winter, so there's not much they can do about it.  Bring a sweater.

Tip:  Almost everything on the menu can be made gluten free.
Nice lunch experience during weekend visit to Madison. Casual bar/restaurant environment with quality food. Husband said his burger was "stupendous," and I enjoyed cioppino and salad.  Would certainly visit again.
Nice atmosphere and the frites were great but we expected the meals to be more flavorful and we found the drinks to be overpriced. More welcoming to kids than many similar restautants.
I'm in LOVE with this place!  the b & b (Token Creek eco inn)  recommends it and SO true!  Gluten free fish fry is fabulous!  We will come here again when in Madison WI! !!!! Great cocktails and Keith found 3 different beers on tap he liked!
What a heaven for the gluten-free (and the normal hungry folks)! Food is solid and the kitchen is really flexible and able to make most things sans gluten. Frites (can be made gluten free) are great and come with 4 dipping sauces that (I think) rotate occasionally. The soups and burgers are solid. The walnut burger in particular is solidly delicious. 

The atmosphere is fine but nothing special. There is one main dining area, which is a little small and open with a door to the outside right in the middle. Depending on where you sit there are occasional cold breezes from the open door or throngs of people standing over you as they wait for a table. Probably best for groups of 4 or fewer. 

Jac's is probably best for some of its special nights, including wine night on Mondays where you can get drinks and apps for not many monies...
Jacs was a three star experience for me. I was mostly underwhelmed by the food.

Met up with two other people here and there was a slight wait for a table at around 7:30. The host was really nice and kept updating us on the status of our table. We had some time to enjoy drinks at the bar and they had a nice variety of beer, wine and cocktails.

We were seated relatively quickly and had a great server. Good cheese curds for appetizers. They have two vegetarian burgers on their menu and I had the chick pea/ walnut variation with the beet ketchup. I applaud them for creating a homemade vegetarian burger but it just lacked a lot of flavor. The French fries were also okay. I do believe that the other individuals appeared to enjoy their meals though and based on the other reviews, I probably just ordered the wrong thing.

I would definitely give this place another try. It is a really fun atmosphere and they appear to have good specials everyday.
I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and this weekend was finally able to do so. It's seriously so good. I can't wait until my next visit. Honestly thank god I don't live within walking distance because I'd be broke.

They don't take reservations, but we called on our way there and the host said he had a table for 2 if we got there within 15 minutes. We did, and sure enough our table was waiting for us (awesome). We started off with a beer and cider for me, and could tell right from the get-go that the service was going to be stellar. And it was throughout our dinner.

We had the almond stuffed dates as an appetizer and they were absolutely phenomenal. Best thing I've eaten in a very long time. We then split the roasted beet salad and pheasant flatbread (gluten free). Both were divine. I was particularly impressed with how yummy the gluten free flatbread was, it was clear that it was homemade. 

The entrees might be a little pricey, but it's so worth it. Best meal I've had in quite some time, and even my mom agreed. I cannot wait to come back!
After spending hours browsing Yelp for somewhere new to try, I decided on Jacs because it's just down the street from my work (and somehow I'd never noticed it?) My favorite thing about Madison is its plethora of "New American" restaurants/gastropubs with simple menus and amazing french fries. Jacs is just that.

My boyfriend and I called when we were about 15 minutes away and asked to put our name on the list. When we walked in, it was packed--really no room to even stand and wait--but thankfully our name was called after about a minute! Unfortunately, our table was right next to the bar and there was a large party waiting to be seated. They weren't seated for 15 - 20 min so it was a bit unpleasantly crowded for us.

I ordered the Bourbon Burger and it was delicious. My only complaint is that the ciabatta roll was too big for the patty so I had to take several bites in to actually get to the meat. I ordered the frites, and they were weirdly short but the house aioli was INCREDIBLE. I need a recipe asap.

My boyfriend got the steak frites (note: if someone in your party is ordering this, you should probably opt to get a salad instead of frites of your own. HUGE portion.) I had never liked steak...until last night. I had a couple bites of his and it was incredibly tender and the sauce was amazing. Totally worth the price.

Our waiter wasn't super friendly, but he was efficient, which I appreciate (no long wait for drinks or the check!)

I will definitely be back. Cozy atmosphere, delicious aioli, great selection of beers on tap! Go early or call ahead, it's a small space and can get very crowded.
There are multiple reasons for which I could highly recommend Jacs, but the most significant would easily be the gluten-free friendliness. The menu is largely gluten-free or available as gluten-free and the staff is very understanding as well. They even offer a gluten-free fish fry and New England Clam Chowder on Fridays. While not traditional, both are tasty. My wife and I can't wait to go back. If it helps, the drinks are great, too!
I have been to Jac's a total of 3 times. I love the location and neighborhood vibe. That said I keep hoping that I will get a 4 Star feeling from the experience.

The first two times I ate at Jac's I had the mussels. It is hard for me to turn them down. They are well prepared and presented. I had the moules frites on the side and they were OK. I prefer the mussels at Nat Split and can't seem to get them off my mind.

During my most recent visit to Jack's I had a burger and fires. The burger was tasty and cooked to perfection. It was truly medium-rare and quite tasty. My fries were not crispy, which to me is a cardinal sin. I ordered a Dark and Stormy but it was more like a Cloudy with a Chance of Drizzle. It was not very flavorful nor did it pack a punch.

For dessert I had Crme Brule. I think this is a huge misnomer. This was no egg custard. It was more like a pot de crme- a heavy chocolate pudding. Not what I wanted or expected. 

Service was excellent and friendly. These folks really work hard in small space. They deserve a big thank you which means tipping generously.
 
I shall return and try another entre or a sandwich. I am not done with you yet, Jack.
This place has a great atmosphere and great choices! The selection for beer on tap was descent. A nice variety in types. The food can mostly be made gluten free, which is nice. The service is fantastic and helpful.  Our waitress was on top of things and even suggested Friday night fish fry for a later date! 
The food was fabulous and we left full and happy. We will definitely be back!
Went with 2 friends on a Friday night...pretty crowded, but even though they don't take reservations, they do let you call ahead.  The host was very nice, checked in with us a couple times to let us know what the status was of our table.  Food was delicious!  Mushroom & butternut squash risotto was absolutely the best--friends fish fries were excellent too.   Only negative was that our waitress did not once ask any of us if we wanted another drink, nor did she refill our water.  Overall though, I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
I love Jac's. They have the best frites (fries) you could ever eat in your life. They have a simple menu, but you can always find something you like. Plus they do brunch on Saturday and Sunday, it's delicious.
Went with a group of 7 to jacs for brunch on Sunday. They have a pretty good brunch menu with many different options. I got the harvest salad which was huge with salmon. The coffee was a bit watery. A friend got a Bloody Mary and said it wasn't very strong. The order of fries is huge!!! Can be shared with five people easily. Good brunch spot in Madison. The only actual complain I have is the waitress. We were with a group of friends and she didn't ask ahead of time if we would be splitting the check. When we asked at the end she looked pissed and was very rude about it while delivering our checks. Waitress's name was kate (that's what the receipt said). We were all pretty offended by her rude behavior to us. All places in Madison split checks no problem.. It's to be expected in a college town.
My family ate here tonight for the first time. We were immediately greeted at the door by the owner, George. He introduced himself & welcomed our young children, telling us that Jac's is a family restaurant. We felt right at home. Our server Kate was just as friendly. After we ordered our drinks, she came back to our table telling us George wanted to buy our first round & also our children's meals. In addition he sent out a plate of delicious sauces for our frites, also on the house. The food was delicious, the service was amazing, we will absolutely be back often! A fabulous dining experience.
This is a neighborhood eatery that always pleases. We have come for lunch and dinner. They have  an excellent variety of beers but also wine. Their Moule et frittes is a signature dish which I have had often. They do have vegetarian options such as the black bean burger and the walnut burger. The place is small, divided in half between bar area and dining room and has a tendency to be noisy when full. If you're looking for a quiet intimate dinner probably this is not the place to go. However if you live nearby, like me, you'll frequent this place often.
Not sure what to make of Jacs. For starters, the place is VERY small so I would advice to make reservations if you're looking to dine on a weekend. That being said, you have no arm room between you and other diners. It's hard to hold a conversation with your group because the noise travels and makes the place extremely loud. 

I think my boyfriend and I came on a down day. We decided to have dinner there and called ahead to reserve a table. Not even 15 minutes after being there, a group of 10 comes in and basically takes over the bar. They were very loud, obnoxious and rude in some instances. Our table was less than 10 feet away from the bar so we were beyond annoyed at their behavior as well as other customers. Not fault of Jacs establishment . The Bartender had to ask them to please settle down. It really made the experience go downhill fast. 

As for the food, we started off with the frites with Aoli. Not bad. Fries were homemade as well as the sauce. However, they hardly gave us enough Aoli for the large amount of fries we received but still, it was a good starter. 

My boyfriend ordered a jacs burger with a side of clam chowder. The chowder was good. Tasted homemade. He seemed to enjoy it. I got the Mac n Cheese but subbed out the pork for chicken. It wasn't bad but it was soooooooooo  darn cheesy I couldn't eat it! I love cheese but the dish was just overwhelmed with it tall that it was impossible for me to eat more than 6-7 bites. 

The next day, I heated up the leftovers for lunch and could not believe how much oil was at the bottom of the the bowl. About a good 5 tablespoons was sitting under the noddles. I am assuming this was the fat that came from the cheese. 

Honestly, 2 people really could share the dish because it's a lot for one person to eat.


I'm reluctant to say anything bad about Jacs because I feel like I can give them another chance. They were far from bad but I expected better based on the reviews I read on Yelp. I will probably dine there again but I'm not dying to get back anytime soon.

Rating? TBD...
5/30/14 Stopped in for Saturday brunch.  The veggie breakfast tacos were awesome.  The Epic Imperial Stout from Utah was delicious.  Their mussels and frites are always good too!
Wife and I stopped in on our way back from Mineral Point for brunch.  The breakfast tacos (black bean and chorizo) were delicious and so were her farm fresh organic eggs and ham!
Went last Sunday with our friends. We were two couples so the reservation was made for a 4top  with two infants. Jac's accommodated the request and was very nice about children and us lingering although we did eat and drink and be merry upon our most recent visit. I had the mussels and frittes with a roasted beet salad. My bf had the crab cake blt. Our friends had, the smoked salmon blt and the breakfast tacos. We shared a few appetizers. The most memorable was the trio of hummus dips with crudites and pita chips. The mussels were very fresh and the broth in the mussels was heavy on the beer (a good thing) with a nice clean citrusy or herbaceous after taste to it. The frittes served with the mussels were a huge pile not just a handful. Waiter was patient and courteous.. Offered us samples of beers to try and the coffee was always topped of in our mugs and served with cold cream. I'd highly recommend Jac's if you are in that area of town. parking is difficult but it is to be expected.
Delicious (yet pricey) salad. Great selection of Whiskey. Wasn't too busy during lunch hour on a Thursday, not sure if road construction had anything to do with that or not. I will be checking this place out after work hours some day.
A coworker and I were in town for business and stumbled across Jacs when looking for a gluten free place to eat.  This place was perfect.  Kate, our waitress, was fantastic as well as knowledgeable about GF options.  We started with with bacon wrapped dates, my coworker had the duck over a sweet potato puree/I had the bourbon bacon burger, and we finished with the creme burlee.  Will be back on your next trip out and request Kate every time!
My new favorite restaurant is Jac's. 

To be fair, the pool of restaurants in Madison that I can actually eat at has narrowed considerably of late, due to a diagnosis of Celiac disease. The treatment for Celiac disease is a 100% gluten-free diet for the rest of my life. Unlike someone with a gluten intolerance, I cannot eat at places where there is a significant risk of cross-contamination, so a lot of Madison's "gluten-free" menus are not feasible for me, because they are not truly gluten-free.

 I am IN LOVE with Jac's because I feel the risk of gluten cross-contamination is really low, and that makes me feel comfortable to eat there. First of all, they maintain a dedicated fryer for gluten-free fried items. This is essential for me, and is actually, I am finding, quite rare. Additionally, our waitress  was extremely knowledgeable and seemed to take my restriction seriously. Although she was "pretty sure" that none of the sauces on the menu contained gluten, she checked the items we ordered, specifically, to reassure me, and seemed happy to do so. Unrelated to gluten, the host was also awesome. We arrived to a bit of a wait, and he allowed us to walk up and down Monroe St. during our 15 minute wait. He called us when our table was ready. That was such a nice touch.

On to the food. The gluten-free menu options at Jac's are extensive. There are several menu items with a tiny "g" next to them. In my naivete, I initially assumed the "g" denoted menu items that were gluten-free. This seemed more standard, as most places don't offer that many GF (gluten-free) options. Our waitress informed me, however, that the tiny "g" denotes only the few menu items that CANNOT be ordered GF! That meant that nearly the entire menu was my Oyster! With so many choices, it took a while  to pick my dish. I finally settled on the GF Tarte Flambe. The Tarte Flambe was a flatbread topped with Jones Farm Bacon, Caramelized Onions, Creme Fraiche, rosemary, and Parmesan Cheese. It tasted heavenly. I can only describe the taste as being the same as the glorious smell of bacon and onions cooking together (plus cheese). It was SO. GOOD. And, the gluten-free crust was thin and crisp, and it had no discernible "weird" flavor or texture. We also had gluten-free frites with four amazing gluten free dipping sauces. Everything about it was incredible. 

Although my experience was awesome, I can anticipate it being really hard to get a table at Jac's on a weekend night. We went on a Tuesday at around 7pm, and there was STILL a wait! They don't take reservations on Fridays, which is disappointing. I will definitely dine at Jac's again, and I look forward to writing an updated review at some point.
Good
I quite enjoy the food here. It's quite tasty. However it is terribly overpriced. But, yeah I understand, "OMG Fresh from scratch ingredients!" Yeah, that's great and all but a "16 pizza for $20 just doesn't really make me to happy. 

Although that pizza is amazing.

The other problem is that the service here is a tad bit slow, and I don't just mean waiting for your fresh from scratch food. I mean getting more water or soda, seeing if you need any condiments, etc. 

Those two things really keep me from giving this place a 4 or 5. But other than that I recommend coming here. They have a decent lunch special that's comperable to other pizza joint's around town, and with their quality it's probably even better here.
We ate here last month after hearing some good reviews. It was a little out of the way from where we were staying, but it turned out to be well worth the drive. 

My wife and I tend to go to new restaurants during the middle of the week to avoid weekend crowds. We debated between Monday or Tuesday and luckily chose Monday. There is a sign on their door stating they are closed on Tuesdays. So, keep that in mind if you have to travel a little ways to get here! 

I got a pasta dish with a Parmesan cream sauce and shrimp. It was Very good!!!  A lot of sauce and shrimp.  A little heavy on garlic, but I love garlic!  My wife got a pizza with steak, mushrooms and smoked provolone cheese. It was also very good. Our bill was just over $30 with drinks (soda) - not bad for the quality and amount of food we had. Service was very good and the two owners were very friendly and helpful. 

We will be back to try several more items that sounded really good. Their menu is very extensive with a lot of options for pasta and pizza. They also have sandwiches and salads that looked good. --- Oh, and they also have gluten free pizza's for those who are gluten intolerant. I don't know how they taste, but that will be an important option for some people. However, I think they only come in the small sized pizza.
Picked up a half mushroom half black olive 16" pizza and garlic bread sticks. I was told 15min, and it was ready in 15min. Right there proved to be good service. When I got there they were getting ready to close and the workers were chopping fresh vegetables. All the ingredients were very fresh, unlike the canned veggies of other pizzerias. The women behind the counter was very friendly and we talked while she rang me up. Prices were fair and comparable with local competition. The pizza itself was tasty, crisp outside and soft doughy inside. The sauce had a sweet and semi-chunky style and the perfect amount was dispersed on the pie. Cheese seemed of quality also, yet by the time I got it home was not stretchy any more, but that's not a strike. I wish the pie was bigger, its hard to find any pizza over 16" in Vegas. I tryed to order garlic knots, instead they offer garlic bread sticks. These gave me some kickin breathe, but satisfied belly. Best bonus, I did not get heart burn, which is a sign of repeat business for me.
Stopped in for a late dinner after reading the reviews.  Was not at all disappointed with the quality and taste of the pizza.  I had a traditional style pizza and my wife had a white sauce pizza and each was superb.  Great leftover as well.  Generally I like real thin crust pizza but this crust, not thick or thin, is perfect and all the ingredients are top notch.  If you like pizza, you will like this place.
This place was a very pleasant surprise.  It's a little out of my way, being on the eastern side of the Strip, but I had to be on that side of town anyway, so I decided to check it out.  I was accompanied by my gluten-sensitive dining partner, who recently learned about The Saucy Tomato, but had never been there.  Although I have no gluten-sensitivity myself, I often consume gluten-free products that I buy from Whole Foods simply because they taste better than the mainstream alternative.  

At The Saucy Tomato, we ordered the bruschetta on gluten-free bread as an appetizer and spit a Caprese salad.  Suffice it to say we were making audible sounds of pleasure as we enjoyed those fresh basil, olive oil, and garlic flavors.

For our main course, we settled on a large, gluten-free Veggie pizza, and it did not disappoint.  The freshly-made, gluten-free crust (on both the pizza and the bruschetta) tasted wholesome and authentic -- the way a bread crust should taste.  The tomato, onion, olive, bell pepper, and mushroom toppings tasted fresh and flavorful.  

In the interior of the restaurant are cafeteria-style booths and a bar with marble countertops.  Subdued lighting provides a nice ambiance.  Service was very friendly.  The overall experience was very positive.

As with Rosati's, the price of a Saucy Tomato pizza is slightly higher than your typical pizza chain like Domino's, Pizza Hut, or Papa John's, but you get what you pay for.  And I'm always willing to pay a little more for higher quality ingredients and superior array of flavors.  

There's at least a couple of other things on the menu that I'd love to try (like the Caprese sandwich and the baked ziti), so I hope to return to The Saucy Tomato sometime soon.
There are new owners here, as of a couple months back. I went in today for a turkey sandwich and it was really surprisingly excellent!  They don't offer whole wheat bread but they do still offer gluton free pizza.
My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant when it first opened. It's only about a half-mile from our house and seemed like it would have been a perfect little neighborhood Italian joint to call our own. But while the place was cute and the service was good, the pizza was terrible (I'd take a 99-cent frozen pie over theirs any day), and we wrote it off our to-eat list. A few months later, the business had closed, so I guess we weren't alone in our distaste.

Recently, however, new owners took over the Saucy Tomato, so we decided to give it another try. And I'm glad we did. It's a nice, clean little place with plenty of seating in booths or at the bar. There's a definite "family" vibe going on with the staff, and they make you feel very welcome. Even though it's a very casual place, the server/hostess/mistress of ceremonies made sure we we taken care of and very comfortable.

We ordered a thin crust pizza (split between cheese and pepperoni) and a large house salad. The salad, while nothing too impressive, was large enough for two of us to share without finishing it all, and the creamy garlic dressing was tasty. The pizza? SO MUCH BETTER than whatever nonsense the previous owners were baking. There was a good balance of sauce and cheese, the crust was crispy but not hard, and it came out a lot faster than promised.

We probably walked out of there for less than $20, which isn't a bad deal for dinner for two on a Saturday night. It's not the best pizza in town, but the quality and service (and obviously location) impressed us enough to want to return to try some other dishes, like the potato gnocchi.
Tried this place last week, ordering two pies for work. They were about a mile away and I had heard how great the new owners have made it. 

What can I say? It came quickly, arriving within 20-25 minutes. They don't charge a delivery fee, which is a bonus since I hate places that scam customers by charging that shit and not providing it to the driver... The pizza? Well, it was passable. Definitely not the best pizza, but far from the worst. 

Would I go there again? Perhaps. It's not up to Du Pizzeria's level, but sometimes I just don't feel like driving to the strip for pizza... and since Rebels Pizza has closed, this place would be a decent second choice.
I have heard the saying that pizza is like sex, even the worst you can have is still not bad. Hmmm. Sounds like the person that made this up has the palette of a toddler, and well.. 
If I was to find a sexual encounter equal to my pizza experience at the saucy tomato, I would probably say it would be the encounter that is so bad it makes you switch sexual orientation. 

Pizza came in a decent amount of time I suppose, I take the box to my kitchen and open the box to expose a flat sloppy pizza folded over on one side to fit in the box. Sauce was everywhere and I was just in awe. Chicago pizza..is not thin. It looked like the cook had made it from a Chef Boyarde pizza kit. So I called and the girl that answered told me that if I wanted the Chicago style pizza I have to specify that when I order or else it comes the way we received ours. Well actually she said, "Ummm if you want it, like, the other way, you have to like, ask for it. It comes whatever way you got it then. Wait, did you want it flat and didn't get it or..like the..hold on....(long ass pause)...Hello? wait, wait..what did you order again?" 
After explaining to her that I had ordered the Chicago style initially and received..something else entirely, she told me that the type of pizza I wanted would take longer, cool whatever! I am always nice and patient when it comes to my food and the people that handle it, I will wait for what I want no problem. They delivered it in about 15 minutes. The delivery guy demanded to see the pizza we did not want. He then told us there was nothing wrong with the pizza and 99% of them all look like that. He was wearing an apron and so I am sure he is the one that made it and does not like criticism. ( How you like me now asshole??) He said the fact that the pizza needed to be folded to fit in the box was like a bonus for us, and the sauce splattered all over the crust and pouring out the sides was also extra lucky for us. He was very aggressive and actually made us nervous this creeper knows where we live. He continued to yell at us about the pizza, us being two women with our very young childrenalso  at the door, also getting frightened. He then left and I was both relieved he was gone and pissed I over tipped him the first tie he was here. We took the pizza to the kitchen, opened the box, and the pizza was not even halfway cooked.The dough was almost fully raw and the cheese wasn't even slightly browned. I put it in the oven, really let the whole situation settle in and decided to NOT eat the pizza, take the $30 loss and eat a bowl of Fruit Loops. 
The fact that order was messed up, that happens, it is not a big deal. The fact that the girl was totally unqualified to answer phones and take orders, whatever man she is probably 15 and its her first job so she is fine. But the fact that they sent a grown man twice my size to yell in threatening tone at me and my children is so way out of control I wouldn't believe it unless it happened to me. I wanted to call and complain to the store but my friend wouldn't let me as this fucking psycho knows were I live and if he couldn't take criticism for making a pizza badly imagine criticism about personal relations issues. 
The whole situation gave me an epiphany about delivery. You never know who the fuck is coming to your house until it is too late. After this experience I will NEVER EVER AGAIN order delivery food to my home no matter how tired, hung over, late it may be, I will either drive my tired ass to the store, or once again go for a bowl of Fruit Loops.
I have been a customer to this place from the very first month they re-opened with new owners.  I think this place is the best!!!  For the person that wrote the bad review and how she got creeped out...that is ridiculous.  The owners and workers there treat everybody like family and make sure their customers as well as their staff are very well taken care of.  They don't just work there, they take a strong caring for everybody they serve and strive to fully satisfy every single customer that walks in the door.  They care very much about the food they put out.  My family and I go there all the time because of the good quality food and the good service.  I have never been disappointed with this place!  We always leave very full and satisfied and the owners and staff are awesome!  And why would somebody compare pizza to sex?  And the delivery guy was weird??  Hmmmmm....I have to question the person who wrote that!
Nice people, good service and a cute little place. We got a Chicago style deep dish with spinach, garlic, artichokes, sun dried tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.  The pizza was great and we took home half. We had tiramisu and cannolis for dessert. I wasn't too impressed with the tiramisu but the cannolis were FABULOUS. I am NOT a cannoli fan and I ate mine up.
: (

People there were super nice, but the atmosphere and food totally missed the mark.  Sorry.  I really wanted to like this place.
Boasting "Chicago Style Pizza" and "Chicago Italian Beef" I was really looking forward to this dinner! The ONLY thing Chicago about the pizza was the fact that it was cut into squares (we got the thin crust). The worst part of the meal was the beef... You know... That thing that we would walk on molten broken glass for... The worst part of the beef is that they got the bread and the giardinair right... Noone get's those right... The beef was inedible and covered in Parmesan Cheese. Which I like... BUT NOT ON MY BEEF!!! The pizza sauce was sweet like a California sauce! Not tomatoey and full of italian seasoning like any self respecting Chicago sauce is. The beef... The meat was overcooked and the flavor was just... WRONG. I didn't make it through 1/2 of my $12+ dollar sandwich before I threw it away in tears and opted to eat some peanuts for dinner in lieu of putting myself through the torture of taking one more bit of that atrocious sandwich! I've had sandwiches that were touted as "C-Style Italian Beef" that were good... just not legit... This sandwich was really just BAD! HORRIBLE! INEDIBLE! ROTTEN!!!!
Went for the Chicago style pizza.  It wasn't even close to Chicago style. No big deal I thought.  Pizza is hard to mess up.  Don't know what it was but it just didn't like the taste of it. Didn't even finish the leftovers which is rare. I won't be going back.
Great place to grab some lunch, decent food and good service.
If you are looking for Chicago style pizza--DO NOT go here. The sausage-- what little there was of it was spicy, the tomato sauce had no taste, the cheese was rubbery.
The thin crust was thin but the squares were as large as the plate and you needed a saw to cut through them. If you want Chicago style pizza stick with Rosati's or Aurelio's. Service was good but the pizza was horrible.
I saw "Chicago style" in the sign and couldn't pass it up. I'm from Chicago and really wanted to try it out. I will say the slice I got was not Chicago style -- as in the traditional stuffed Chicago pizzas with the thick and deep cornbread crust, cheese on bottom and sauce on top. 

However, the cheese slice I got was very flavorful and delicious. So much so, that I went back the next day for a couple more slices, and plan to return. 

I think the only problem may be saying it's Chicago style, and then serving more of a large fold in half NY style that throws some off. 

I did speak with the man making the pizzas, and it's clear he's from Chicago. So, it's traditional in it's own way. Would certainly recommend the pizza to others.
The food was probably the worst I have had in a long time. My meatball sandwich was on a huge roll. There was 2 meatballs in it, they were cut in half it came out almost ice cold. I don't mine colder food but it was too cold. The Chicken marsalla was not good at all. they sauce was more watered down and had a funny taste. The service was good it wasn't her fault.
This pizza place is hilarious. 

We stopped in because we were starving for lunch before CES. We are approached by a saucy lady waitress who is kind enough to get us some drinks and take our orders. When we ask the waitress (who is supposedly from New York) what the difference between the Chicago-Style Pizza and the New York- Style pizza was.... she had no clue. 

I don't even remember what we got but it was whatever. Nothing special here and thankfully we didn't get ill.
This restaurant is closed. It has reopened under new owners with a new name.
Pei Wei has a great selection of Asian cuisine, select from various meats, including shrimp, and your choice of brown/white rice or noodles.  Their latest offering the Japanese Beef Chile Ramen is a great new addition to the varieties offered and another sign of their commitment to quality food.
Yes yes, it's a chain, but it's pretty darn good. They have consistently good service here on Dysart, and the place is always immaculate. There is this young, dark haired front register kid who works there frequently. Give him a raise! He knows all about the menu, always smiles, and has a great attitude! I actually am starting to prefer the food at Pei Wei to their grand daddy, PF Changs. If Pei Wei added some egg drop soup to their menu, I'd never look back.
I have tried different locations of Pei Wei, but I will just rate the Avondale one because that is the one I go to more often. It is OK, service is good. The favor of the food is either sweet, hot, or salty. I can not taste the different between Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines. I know it is a chain, but maybe I am spoiled with all the different cuisines around the valley. We go because my husband likes it.
While I was visiting AZ a while back, a co-worker treated me to lunch here.  I loved it!  I wish they would bring this franchise to Chicago.

Basically, you order at the register, they give you a number, then they bring it to your table.  Same concept as Corner Bakery.  I had the Mongolian Beef on Fried Rice.  So good!  I remember there was a station next to the soda fountain that had all of the different sauces.

I really enjoyed it and thought it was a nice change from the choices in Chicago.
Pretty good place over all. I like the food it is great and the service is ok too. I would go back anytime I had the urge for some good Asian infusion.
I visit this Pei Wei about once every couple of months and always have the honey seared chicken and crispy  potstickers ( I get the kids meal, its the perfect size). There have been a couple of times that the rice has been barely warm and my order has been messed up a couple of times. the staff has always been friendly and correct the problem.
Not bad Pei Wei!.. I ordered the Japanese Teriyaki Bowl with fried rice and It was good, I also added some of the chilli paste that Pei Wei has and it just made it that much better. I have not tried any other dishes here, but I can honestly say i enjoyed my meal here.
You know, this was one of my favorite Pei Wei experiences... they got the food out fast even though it was lunch time and they were pretty busy. The service was also great on top of that. The lady we ordered from even gave us the "To Go" cups rather than the hard plastic ones, which I always have to request at other locations. She did it before I even had a chance to ask! She said that she was psychic ;)

Their iced tea was delicious, as usual. The food was also great, but no better or worse than other locations. I really don't like to review chain restaurants like this, but this particular location stood out a bit from the rest.
Fast, friendly, clean location.  Always a good experience here.  Beef Chile Ramen FTW!
always get great service and the food is always great....my FAVORITE asian place ever!  friendly service...most of the time very fast.
Pei Wei is one of my favorite restaurants.  They have a good selection of food and their prices are decent.  Their food is fresh and so far I've liked everything I've tried.  They have a great kids menu, too.  This location is clean and has quick service.  The staff are friendly, too.
good food but a bit overpriced...
This place is too Americanized!  Their food doesn't even come close to real Asian food.  It is a good place for people who want to say they are adventurous, but really like to eat hamburgers & hot dogs.  Over priced!
Okay.  Quasi-Asian. PF Chang-lite.

Two soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.
Great food! Pad Thai is awesome and the lo mein and especially the fried rice with shrimp fast sort of cheap and tons of flavor!
This is our go to place for family outings. All three of my kids enjoy the "Honey-Seared Chicken with Noodles", they love it! And that means that we get to enjoy our lunch/dinner when we eat there.
My hubby usually orders the Kung-Pao Beef, which I prefer over the chicken, because the meat gets a caramelization that the chicken doesn't get. And me, I am usually the one that orders the "new" dish that they are introducing, like las week was the "Black Pepper Chicken", which with tender and crunchy asparagus, was a very yummy dish! And it never hurts if you get a BOGO coupon in your inbox every once in a while!!
Either comparing to other PW's or to other Asian diners, this one is A-OK.  Their food to me is on the salty or too spicy side.  We usually come here when the husband has a hankering for "Chinese food" but doesn't want "authentic" Chinese food.  I can deal.

The parking kind of sucks here though so try to avoid coming during peak hours.  I've had pretty consistent decent service though whether it be dine in or take out.
My wife and I have eaten at this Pei Wei about once a week since it opened. It was our favorite restaurant in the area.  Unfortunately, they haven't been maintaining their restaurant. The booths are worn out. The soda machine malfunctioned during our last visit and shot soda all over the guests. The dining area is dirty. The food is still good. However, it makes me wonder if the food is safe. If they're neglecting their dining area are they also neglecting their kitchen? On a recent visit we advised an employee that the tea didn't seem very strong, hoping he would check it out. Instead he was rude and advised us that the tea is the same as always. Excuse me but I've had their tea every week for the past few years and I know when it's not correct. I would recommend that they hire a manager that actually cares so he could make some repairs, do some maintenance, clean the restaurant, and retrain the staff. Pei Wei should be ashamed of how they've let this restaurant slip. I've written emails to their corporate office. Now we'll see if they do something to bring this store back to the excellent restaurant that it was.
I find they offer solid Asian cuisine at a reasonable price.  I love the fact that I can place the order over the phone and then pick it up when it's ready.  I usually get the Chicken Lo Mein along with Lettuce Wraps or their Crab Wantons.  It's like a fast food version of PF Changs.  If you are in the mood for Chinese food, you could do significantly worse than stopping at Pei Wei.
We've heard of Pei Wei, but had not tried it in Los Angeles. What a lovely treat.

Friends directed us to the restaurant on Dysart. Very easy to find at the corner of a strip mall. Limited parking. The shops that surround the Avondale location are very busy. 

Anyway, we found a spot, and proceeded into a world of soft lighting. The dining area is composed of dark wood and black leather booths. Sleek. Clean. Minimalist artwork. 

Following the signs we ordered our meal, then self seated. Collected silverware and condiments along the back wall. Waited for our food to be delivered to our table.

We started with crab filled won tons nestled in a garlic, ginger, red pepper sauce. Luscious.

Followed by two pork-filled egg rolls with a delicate mustard dipping sauce. Yum.

Two entrees: (1) Chicken sauteed in teriyaki sauce with spinach greens, carrots, cabbage and onions; (2) Beef and broccoli tossed with Mongolian garlic sauce. Both meat dishes served over a bed of white rice. Tasty. Beautiful array of colors and textures.

We ordered way too much food for two people. We could have shared one entree and appetizers.

My only minor complaint . . . too much sauce over powers the flavorful meat and veggies. Next time I'll ask for sauce on the side.

Otherwise what a delightful surprise to find a bit of Asia in Arizona.
This was our first ever visit to Pei Wei. It wasn't bad, but it didn't wow us. I think for what you get it was kind of expensive. We all shared the lettuce wraps which were great. I had the coconut curry and it seemed pretty bland plus the chicken had hard pieces in it which was gross. Bottom line for me if I am going to spend that much I would rather go somewhere else.
This would be a daily stop for us! Pei Wei Spicy Stock Velvet and Brown Rice. Very good for us. And now that we are down in weight, we share a dinner portion and are stuffed. Makes lunch very affordable at 20 bucks for three people.

On a sad note, we pulled a bag wrapper out of our meal a few weeks ago. :(

Update: Will note that today's water cup was full of something unpleasant that dried to the side, thank God I looked before I drank it. Plus our sons order was incorrect and we where charged for an adult meal instead of a kids. No mention of refund and late getting to an appointment, so we could do nothing about it. That's two strikes. One more and we won't be back to this location.
Per Wei is always hit or miss depending on location...This one is a miss and been so consistently for quite some time.  I try it again every now and them in hopes they have hit but no luck yet!
East meets west. It's not authentic but is appealing for a quick, fresh lunch. I like the pad thai extra spicy.
It's ok food and over priced. Is rather go to Panda Express. Try AJK Chinese Cuisine not to far from here.
Great spot for a quick bite to eat. I always go with the Carmel chicken and fried rice. It hasn't failed me yet. The only downside is that the parking is pretty tight and it gets quite busy around dinner time.
Great food great service! The Kung Pao Chicken is outstanding i would recommend always getting the larger portion its just that good
Pei Wei has great food and super value. My kids ask to go and making them happy is a big deal when I just don't feel like cooking.
This is a very nice addition to the downtown Mesa landscape.  Great food, great room.  It's hard to explain the nuances of the place, but the web site will give you a pretty good sense.  The vibe, food, music are all good.

In the evenings, the owners are very visible.  When you are there, you basically feel like you are at a house party at their house.  The servers are all very upbeat as if they like being there also.  

The night I was there, guitarist Carmine D'Amico was leading a jazz quartet that sounded great.  Carmine is studio legend who retired to Arizona after living in New York for his entire life.

I'm not a wine expert, but friends who were there were very happy with their choices.

I had a rigatoni dinner with marinated tenderloin tips, artichokes and some other veggies mixed in.  It was really, really good.  Not your everyday pasta.  Apparently, the dinner menu is created by the chef who came over from the Roaring Fork.  I believe it.

I also went in for breakfast.  The room seemed to have lost a little bit of the vibe and was much more of just a restaurant.  I'm not sure if the new chef put together the menu as it seemed to be pretty standard fare.  Nonetheless, my wife was very happy with her salad and I had a really nice breakfast wrap.

The other reviewer who said that the place seems like Denny's on the outside is spot on.  In fact, the place used to be a diner.  The new people have done wonders transforming the inside.

I wouldn't necessarily consider the breakfast a 5-star experience, but dinner is without a doubt.

If you like the finer things and want a place to become a regular where you can relax and feel comfortable, this is a good place to check out.
I am so sorry that I have to write such a negative review of this new restaurant, because it's family owned and operated, and clearly trying hard to provide an upscale experience in a less-than-optimal atmosphere.  However, Il Vinaio missed the mark at every given opportunity.

I came in for a group event that had been scheduled as a wine tasting with wine samples and a cheese/fruit/nut appetizer included for $15 a head.  When our party arrived, we were informed by our host that a different large party had also booked a wine tasting, and would be sitting in the semi-private area, and would be doing a wine tasting so we could not.  I have yet to receive an explanation on why we could not do our wine tasting simply because another party was doing one simultaneously.  Needless to say, this immediately dampened the mood.

Our server, who I gather was the restaurant owner, was pushy with having us order two bottles straightaway, though our entire party had not arrived, instead of by the glass, and this theme continued through the evening.  He continually seemed irritated that we were not ordering as much as he would have liked us to, or that it took us time to decide which dishes to order, etc.  We all agreed that he was a bit snippy, and he didn't provide us much in the way of recommendations.

The wine itself was fine, particularly the Schloss Riesling, and the food was decent, as well, with very generous portions.  The cheese plate was good, but it was not impressive that the female owner was not able to tell us what cheeses had been served to us when she came over to ask us how our experience had been.  The cheese plate was the one thing we all raved about and wanted more information on, and all she had to say was, "we serve lots of cheeses and mix it up. I think there was a blue cheese that was made in a cave."  That was disappointing, and I expected much more from an owner.

As stated in other reviews, from the outside, it looks like an old Marie Callender's or Furr's Cafeteria or something of that ilk.  Even inside, you can tell that it was once a place that had a buffet, and was clearly built in the early 70's.  However, you can see that effort has gone into revamping it, and it's decent.  Not great, but decent.  At least it has its own parking lot.  

It was so disappointing to have our plans changed for us and then to have less-than-stellar service as a result.  We all spent more per person than intended, and did not receive what we had reserved our table for.  The service by both owners did not seem very personalized or knowledgable, and that is the opposite of what I'm looking for when I visit a more upscale wine bistro.  I don't think I'll be back, and it's really too bad.
Sublime. The food, the wine, the service is absolutely sublime. I have discovered the gateway to heaven in downtown Mesa and it is not located at the Temple Center. What was once a Coco's, is now a wonderful bistro wiith exceptional food and wine. This review will go on for sometime, so I just cut to the juicy parts so you don't have to wade through all my dribble -awesome, yes awesome food, great wine and even better prices. $17 ribeye...Now, for my waxing on about how much I love this restaurant!

 We started with the bruschetta which was excellent and I tried the wine flight - Viognier. The tasting was fantastic. Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgable about wine. It was a great education. 

The walls of the restaurant have sayings from long ago writers - and one in particular stands out- Wine is poetry and Il Vinaio's wine choices are in fact poetry. From our appetizer we moved on to the main entrees and had the rib eye and pasta dish. Both portions were very generous and WOW, tasty!  However, we were too stuffed - ahh, yes you can't take me anywhere - for dessert. The options sounded fantastic including the crepes the chef offered to make. 

All in all, I have not had such a delightful meal in quite some time. I am definitely returning and will be attending the New Year's Eve party. Join me and we can toast the New Year!
This used to be the Mesa Eatery and was dying a slow death. The new owners have turned it around 100%. 

I have only had breakfast here, which has improved a little. The prices are still astonishingly low, and the service is reasonable (really depends on how busy they are). The atmosphere in here is fantastic - they gutted and rebuilt this place. It no longer looks like a rundown 1950's Big Boy and now resembles a chic wine bar. Have you ever had breakfast on a couch? They still need to update the bathrooms, but I can live with them just being clean.

Try this for breakfast!
I am officially in a deep passionate food embrace with Il Vinaio and I don't see this liplock breaking off anytime soon. 

The espousa and I went for a 6 course wine pairing on a Thursday night.  The dinner was six courses of seafood. We started with an amazing scallop dish, a tuna tartar, seared shrimp, halibut and steak and ended with a grilled pineapple and shortcake. With each course a glass of wine from prosecco to a syrah to a white port. Absolutely mouth watering fabulous, stellar, delicious, i could go on but you probably get the point!

 The wine pairings are a monthly event. I found the wines unique and not your run of the mill choices. We were seated at a long table with all the patrons who had reserved for the event. The owners of the restaurant joined in as well and the conversation was enjoyable and lively. A true diverse group who enjoyed wine. As new course arrived, there was a brief explanation of the wine served which was interesting without being too much information or taking away from the flow of the conversation. 

All and all, a very enjoyable evening. Thanks Il Vinaio.
This is a breakfast review only.  Haven't been for dinner yet, but after today's breakfast experience, we're definitely coming back for dinner.

Decided to take a break from our usual Sunday breakfast at Crackers & Co (another GREAT local choice for breakfast, but I digress) and give Il Vinaio a try.  It's quite near Zombie Girl's house and the breakfast menu was interesting, and surprisingly cheap for a joint that is obviously somewhat upscale at the dinner hour.

I had Eggs Benny, and it was the best I'd had in quite some time.  The hollandaise sauce, which can make or break a Benny breakfast, was outstanding.  The eggs were poached just right - firm with just a slight run to them, but not too wet or hard.  The potatoes were just OK, but that was fine because the main attraction was so perfect.  I also had a side of bacon (only $2.50 for 4 nice large thick slices), and it was outstanding as well.  Throw in friendly, attentive service, a nice atmosphere, and dirt-cheap pricing, and you have an outstanding breakfast experience.

We'll head back for dinner soon and I'll update my review then.  In the meantime, I highly recommend Il Vinaio for breakfast.. check it out!
Il Vinaio has become my personal chef, sommelier, wine cellar and all around slice of heaven. I have attended their monthly wine pairings and have found them to be incredible. The food and wine is great and the company is fantastic. I leave thrilled with a great meal, a bottle or two of wine, new friends and fondly looking forward to the next dinner. Weekly dinners are fantastic here. The week day specials convince me I should never eat at home again..I'm good with that. Monday is 2 dinners and a bottle of wine for $50...Quality wise this beats Subways $5 subs hands down! Given my passionate food embrace of Il Vinaio it will come as no surprise that I am a member of their wine club. It is fantastic. I am truly a more complete person for having discovered Il Vinaio - join me in!
I read the reviews, looked at the pictures, but still did not expect the dining experience I had at Il Vinaio.  The atmosphere was very lively, with several different guys getting up to sing and a live band playing some Italian tunes.
We started out with the share platter, which was a great starter. The veggies and soppressata all seemed fresh, and with a glass of wine could probably satisfy the needs of a couple light eaters.  For our entree we chose the rigatoni with tenderloin tips and the braised pork shank.  It has been a long time since I had a pork shank, but I don't recall it being as tender and juicy as this one.  Rigatoni was excellent as well.  There wasn't one thing on either of our plates that I would have given under 4 stars.  Couple that with great service and a fun atmosphere, and Il Vinaio has given me a good reason to occasionally visit Mesa.
Rating would have been a 5* after our initial visit last week, but after tonight, it goes down to just 2*.  They had a "special" going that got you 2 entrees and any bottle of wine for $50, however, they were out of four of the bottles we asked for, and would not recommend any of the other Reds...needless to say, we passed on the "special" and just ordered our meal.  When my wife asked to substitute the onions on her steak (there were a ton) for another vegetable, the waitress got snippy with us, and said she would ask.  When we got our meal, instead of a different veggie, there was none, essentially her (tiny) steak and a serving of potatos, and that was it.  The bad part was that the waitress never bothered to ask if that was ok, just brought the food and said that they preferred not to make the onions since we said we wanted something else!

Overall, an extremely disappointing experience...too bad too, because our last visit was great.
This is for the review of the Donut and Beer tasting that the restaurant had in March. 

Shockingly, I was horrified by the prospect of beer and donuts..had my new restaurant crush lost its' ever livin' mind?  Au contraire, mon frere, I think not! Honestly, Dunkin Donuts needs to install a tap and get the beer flowing or better yet, Il Vinaio's amazing maestro in the kitchen can teach the world a thing or two about pairing flavors! 

Chocolate donuts with oatmeal stout and ricotta fritters and hefeweizen are awesome, not like "Dude, this is so awesome", more like the melding of flavors made the sky open and I was one with the almighty, Awesome. yeah, that kind of awesome. Il Vinaio's knows its flavors and I am now a true blue believer in donuts and beer, a meal for any time of day.
Downtown Mesa isn't normally known for higher quality food or destination restaurants, but Il Vinaio is looking to buck that trend. It doesn't look like much from the outside and resides in an older building which resembles a diner built circa 1965. Inside, however, is a whole different story. 

The restaurant has a large area in the middle that is mainly open and provides room for the live music. The upper part of the central area has wine related quotes on the walls. It's a nice touch and it adds some airiness to the layout. On either side of this central area is more seating. The tables are cozy and some even have small loveseat-like benched pulled up to them on one side. This was a nice touch and my date and I were able to sit next side by side and view the band (and each other) well. That set up is also conducive for sharing food.

There is a bar in the back corner of the restaurant and that seemed to be the most popular spot because there were only a few other patrons in the restaurant outside of the bar area (pretty empty for a Friday night). The live music is a nice touch, but it can get a little loud, so I'd recommend sitting away from the center of the restaurant if you want any chance of carrying on a conversation.

The wine list is a nice size and is good quality overall. Prices were kind of all over the map: from 1.5 - 3.0x retail. I was pleasantly surprised to see a Consilience Syrah on the menu ($11/glass), so we ordered that. It was absolutely lovely, with rich fruit and a smooth, lingering finish.

The food is basically a hodgepodge of Italian meets Greek meets Spanish combined with a little bit of whatever the chef feels like today. The menu broken in to Starters (apps and salads) and Entrees (fish, meat, and pasta dishes). As you know, I'm a fan of sharing food because it means you get to try more from the menu. Here's a rundown of what we ordered:

    * Classico Bruschetta - This was pretty much what you'd expect ingredient-wise: tomatoes, garlic, basil, and Parmesan on toasted bread. However, this was probably the best bruschetta I've ever eaten (and I've had my share, trust me). The bread was toasted perfected in olive oil; slightly crunchy on the outside, yet soft in the middle. The tomatoes were so juicy and flavorful that we were fighting over them. The one warning I will give is that there is no lack of garlic on this.
    *  Caesar Salad - Perfect size for sharing. This came with more of those yummy diced tomatoes on top, which I like on a Caesar. The dressing was very nice, with just enough pureed anchovies and garlic to give it a little kick without killing it. Croutons were good, but not great.
    * Pasta Pomodoro -Angel hair pasta with fresh tomatoes (you sensing a meal theme here yet?), garlic, basil, and olive oil. Again, the tomatoes just rocked our world. The server split our dish for us, too, which I always appreciate. The pasta was good, but actually a tad bland. I rarely add salt to food after it's cooked, but this dish needed some and a dose of pepper flakes, too. 
    * Individual Apple Pie - The server may have been trying to get into my date's good graces as this dessert just appeared without us ordering it. We weren't complaining, though, because it was very good. Basically, it was a large ramekin lined with puff pasty, filled with apple pie goodness, and baked. Then topped with vanilla bean ice cream and a little caramel. The pastry was awesome as was the ice cream. The apples were good, but it was a bit much for me after the prior 3 courses. We put a nice dent in it, tho...

Final Take 

The service was really top notch and very attentive. The food was solid and the wine selection was very good (beer choices are nice, too). Now whether downtown Mesa is ready for what Il Vinaio is offering is another story and I think that's biggest issue they face. The Mesa Center for the Arts is right down the street, so hopefully concert and theater goers will stumble upon this restaurant. But what I think would help Il Vinaio the most is some competition. My thoughts on this are that when you have a single, high quality restaurant surrounded by lower budget eateries, it's harder to draw the crowd to you. However, if there were a few higher quality restaurants in that area, well now you have something to attract more people. When one place is busy, you go to the next one over and check it out. Il Vinaio deserves to succeed and I hope that Mesa encourages similar caliber restaurants to set up shop.

Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)

The East Valley Foodie
Bland food at high prices.  Not worth your time or money.  I recommend you go elsewhere for tastier, cheaper food with more authentic environments than this faux-elegant shab.
Eating breakfast here regularly now, love it.

To all you haters who have NEVER EVEN BEEN HERE who are writing 1-star reviews, over the lion burger controversy - shame on you!  So you don't like the lion meat thing - I get that.  Have at it in the discussion topic here.  But if you haven't eaten here, DON'T POST A BOGUS REVIEW just for the sake of giving the joint 1 star and attempting to drag their average down.  That's BS, and you're a lousy Yelper if you're doing this.
Thank goodness that the owners decided to revive this beautiful downtown location and turn it into a far better restaurant than the old cafeteria that used this building before.

Il Vinaio is a welcome addition to downtown Mesa. I've visited about a dozen times for breakfast and will continue to be a regular. I haven't had lunch or dinner there yet, but I suspect that the food and service would be consistent with their top-notch breakfast.

The staff is friendly and attentive. After a few visits, it was clear that they recognized us and gave us even warmer welcomes. It seems like they genuinely enjoy their jobs.

I've had the crepes with blueberries and marscapone (only $6 - take that, Crackers) a couple of times. The fruit is fresh and the crepes are perfectly cooked. It's sweet but wonderfully executed.

Lately I've stuck with eggs for breakfast - either the $5 breakfast sandwich on an English muffin with a generous portion of potatoes, or two eggs (I take mine poached, which they do in the traditional style, so no added fat) with potatoes and sausage for about $7. I'm not a fan of potatoes, but I love what they do with them for breakfast. They are oven roasted, slightly crispy, with roasted and almost caramelized onions. The taste is fantastic.

I do have a couple of complaints that I hope the owners will work on:
1) Buy some good (hot) tea options. You are a nice restaurant and should have something other than Lipton plain black. Invest in a variety pack with herbal and green teas, plus Earl Grey.
2) Replace your ceiling vents. They're disturbingly unattractive.
It goes something like this, just about every Tuesday..."Whadda ya wanna eat? Hmmm, I dunno know. Anything in the frig? This is were I emphatically deny that we have any food at all in the frig. And my husband never fails to correct me...Why? because Il Vinaio has an amazing Tuesday special. 30% off any bottle of wine to go with dinner. Any bottle off the reserve list and/or off the regular menu.

 It is my chance to try something really special for pennies. I love Tuesdays, furthering my wine education and saving a few dollars. Sheer thoughtfulness on Il V's part. The dinner menu has changed for summer and the pasta dishes and seafood specials are awesome, really, really ahhhwwwsuuuummmm! Did I mention most entrees are less than $20...Again, furthering my epicurian palate for mere pennies. I definitely get a great meal, a sense of wonder at the chef's amazing talents and no dinner dishes for a few bucks...LUV IL V.
Really!? Lion burgers? You should be ashamed of yourself!
Wow, I don't come out to Downtown Mesa too often, but found this gem on Main Street. I had the most perfect Turkey Club Sandwich there on this recent trip. Customer Service was just awesome, they were cheerful and very helpful. I'm definitely going to try this place again for dinner and I hear they host some special events.
I have mixed feelings about this place because I think it has potential, and because I think heavy meat-eaters might like it. I'll start with the good stuff to counter my low stars . . .

The place is big with a large airy open space in the middle. They have live music on some nights and the space would be good for dancing, though I didn't get the feeling that dancing will be happening here -- maybe I'm wrong? The music that was playing while I was there was definitely not conducive to dancing -- VERY subdued, not that great. 

There are separate (but fairly open) large areas at the sides and backs of the restaurant. These are great spaces for large parties.

The service was good, the meat-eaters in my group liked the meat (I'm vegan), and the owners spent a nice amount of time chatting with us and answering our questions. They're really trying to do something unique and serve high-quality food. They get their produce from a local farm -- One Windmill Farms -- which is awesome.

But that's the weird part -- I buy my own produce from that same farm, so I was really surprised to find that the vegetarian food my husband and I ordered was really bland. I don't know if it's the way they prepared the food, or if the produce they got that day just happened to be flavorless, but I have no interest in going back to find out.

So what did I get? The Angel Hair Pasta and the Bruscetta. It was the most bland pasta dish I've ever eaten. The bruscetta wasn't 100% flavorless -- it was drowning in garlic. I normally love a lot of garlic, but this was definitely overkill, and the tomato and basil were flavorless, just like on the pasta. The bread was too soggy for me, too, but my husband liked it.

There is an impression that Il Vinaio is a wine bar. It's not. Go to D'Vine if you want a Wine Bar. The wine list at Il Vinaio is limited. I had the Malbec and found it no better quality than any Malbec I can get at a typical restaurant -- just o.k. 

Overall, it was the most flavorless food I can remember getting at a restaurant, but it was priced high. 


BTW, there isn't much for a vegetarian to eat here. That didn't affect my star rating, but since I yelp for vegetarians, I wanted to mention it.
i have been here a couple of times the service is good and both times i have had eggs bene which was good as well but the space is cold and leaves me cold  the times we have been in we and or I  are the only and or one of the few peeps there
Il Vinaio you are truly beyond fabulous! i have been wooed with delicious filet mignon before but yours is to die for.  The filet was served with divine mashed potatoes and quite possible the best brussel sprouts I've ever had. I've dined on this meal before and each time, I'm struck at how amazing Chef James is. 

Though each meal I've had at Il Vinaio has been fantastic, this one was different. I brought family and friends and wanted to have them enjoy Il Vinaio as if it was my own home and they did. 

The wonderful host and hostess,Camerin and Cindy, made sure that my friends and family enjoyed the same amazing food and hospitality I have. Amazing food is expected but wonderful hospitality is an art that not all restaurants can claim. Il Vinaio certaintly can. 

Now, Il Vinaio may not hit a home run with every meal, every time but I have continued to go back to them again and again, for happy hour, for wine tastings, for New Years and celebrations and here is the thing - the patience and investment I have made in this restaurant has paid off. 

 The return on my patience and investment is more than a few mouthfuls of food that instantaneously brings a crazy smile to my face and makes me smiles days later and thank the heavens for Chef James.  The best part is that they treat me, and they will treat you, like family. It is an experience not to be missed.
I've just been to Il Vinaio twice, both for breakfast... usually I go more before reviewing but the pancakes I had this morning were maybe the most delicious pancakes I've had EVER. They're buttery and moist and basically taste like cake. Who doesn't love cake, right? YUM. 

Tried the blueberry crepes which were also fantastic. Service was amazing, super nice and attentive.
so i'm not sure this is a "breakfast" joint.  in fact i'll say that it's more of a lunch and dinner place.  the atmosphere is very large.  dark.  and "old" school.  not the wake up and go get a hangover cure typ of place... maybe that's more of the difference between places in tempe, (and certain ones in scottsdale) vs. mesa.  i dunno.  that being said the staff were friendly tho not very attentive when we first walked in.... no one was manning the counter @ the entrance to seat us or offer us a menu.  the place was empty save for 2 other guys.... men i should clarify prob just back from, or about to head to the golf course.  we both ordered belgium waffles and poached eggs with coffee and bacon.  this sounded good and i am happy to report, it did not disappoint. the bacon was SO crispy if fell apart in my hands.... i like it that way.  the waffles were just brown and thick enough to make me happy, and they were vanilla flavoured so that was a nice surprise!!  eggs were done right and the coffee was nice.  the bacon tho as i side i must say seemed a bit expensive....  3.50 for 3 strips of bacon?  really ?  is that the going rate ?  all in all tho this was a good meal , i'm just not sure it's meant to be @ this dark and lonely "old" feeling place.  oh well
Well this is a local business  which is a wine bar which they had a good selection of but all in the pricier range. 48$ or so on up for the most part and trying to serve gourmet food which they  truly do not have an overly creative menu  we started with the pear and Brie Bruchetta where the crouton they served it on was way to thick the pear was cut into micro pieces and sautd with cinnamon top with a piece of Brie tasted more like a desert than a app my wife had the stuffed mushroom with pure Carott and saut spinach all done well  I had the duck confit served with gnocchi which the duck was shredded and the gnocchi looked like it was put in a pan and got a blackened on on side but still tasted ok . Our wait person was over the top friendly but all and all the staff is very pleasant .there was a good crowd there to see a musician by the name of Michael powers who is a Seattle guy and we are also transplants from Seattle as well so we were familiar with him he's really a smooth jazz guy ( not my cuppatea) but we chatted with him a bit and he is very pleasant and outgoing . And had quite a az following
I want to like this place, downtown Mesa needs great restaurants in a bad way. They simply are not that good. Coffee is atrocious, if you are going to try to represent yourself has a fine dining restaurant, you need drinkable coffee. Had pancakes, they were undercooked and doughy. generally too much salt in most the dishes I tried, rice on a salmon special was inedible. Great cheese plate. Good wine list, reasonable price there. It feels like they are trying hard, but coming up short.
Mediocre food at best when we went last week. Don't let the Italian name fool you. Very limited Italian menu and when I asked for grated cheese ony angel hair pasta, the waitress looked surprised, went and checked and of course they don't have any. Why would they??? Lame and the wine isn't all that much of a value either.  Better places abound...try anything else.
Il Vinaio is by no means an Italian restaurant, nor does it claim to be. While it does have an Italian name, the translation is "The Wine Merchant" so be prepared for owners and staff who know their wines. If the wine list on the regular menu seems limited to you, do not hesitate to ask for the Sommelier's list - quite a few intriguing wines grace its pages.

As for the food, Chef James and his kitchen staff perform miracles daily. The new menu that was recently rolled out added quite a few tasty new options (a trio of  yummy flatbreads, smothered steak) while retaining some of my personal favorites (Crispy Pork Loin, Baked Cheese & Shells with Cappicola). Additionally, the vegetarian and gluten-free options have expanded. 

I frequent Il Vinaio during Happy Hour and dinner time, so I cannot adequately review breakfast or lunch. In my opinion, this restaurant should definitely be on your list to visit. Great food, great wines, fair prices, attentive staff and fine dining all in downtown Mesa. I'm a huge fan!
Man, this place is something of a secret gem and I almost don't want to mention it because it's hip to be unheard of. Still, I want to see them succeed and I loathe hipster douchebaggery, so ...

Il Vinaio is not so much an Italian joint as it is a wine bar with an Italian name. I guess the fact that this used to be the location of a downtown diner confuses people; their menu changes every 6 months or so and it's always interesting.

Their happy hour specials are frequent and well-provisioned. Most days if you casually glance at twitter you'll find some sort of deal going on. They have wines for the upperclass twit wine snob and beer and donut pairings for the belching Homer types. Really. They've got everything, and the owners are some of the friendliest people you'll meet.

They do a very nice breakfast on weekends. On nights where there's live music you can expect a great, fun crowd. With one exception (now gone elsewhere) their servers are fantastic and knowledgeable and very friendly.

I suggest the Antelope burger, medium rare, light on the onions, with a glass of Sean Minor and a Padron '64 afterwards.
I recently discovered this place on Main St. in downtown Mesa and it is quickly becoming my regular haunt. As a wine lover I really appreciate their ever changing selection of beautiful reds, The owners -Cam and Cindy are very hospitable and Cam knows his wine and can always point you in the right direction. I have yet to have a bad meal in there yet. Nothing to exotic, just hearty food done very well with suttle flair. As the old ad once said "Try it you'll like it." I certainly did!
                                                                   -Steve L.
Bruchetta at happy hour...awesome.  Real chef prepared food (not prepackaged nonsense like most restaurant chains).  Nicer than average wine selection (reasonably priced).  

The very good food was the only thing to save this place from  complete disaster.  If they get the service up to par they could easily be 4 star (I might even give them a five).

That being said.  The service was slow and seemed to have trouble communicating with the kitchen.  They brought our food out separately rather than all together so some of us nearly finished before others in our party even had food!  Some of the restaurant's  management types were sitting at the bar doing something...they seemed oblivious to what was going on inside the establishment!!!  BOOOOOO.  So sad to see a place with such potential be mismanaged so badly.
As good as it gets.  Cindy and Cameron are welcoming, insightful, and approachable owners who put the best into their setting & food.  The menu is varied, reasonably priced, and delicious, with natural  (I never knew that I could love chopped tomatoes so much!), organic, and interesting (the antelope burger is a must-have) selections.  The ambience is inviting, whether you are celebrating an occasion, out for a night on the town, or simply looking for some place to bask before heading home after work.  My wife and I feel lucky to have stumbled upon Il Vinaio, and now are telling everyone that we know about this wonderful place.  Cheers!
Stopped in here for lunch today with Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  I ordered an Antelope Burger with a salad & fries.  The salad & fries were ok but the Antelope Burger was another story.  First off, it arrived what I would call rare, when I had ordered it medium.  The server lady took it back for a re-do, but the new, improved burger was totally blah.  The meat had no flavor!  Now this was my first (& last) Antelope Burger, so maybe it's normal for it to be tasteless, but in any event, that's how it was.  The service was ok & the place is nice inside, but I have no plans to return.

Antelope Burger & small salad $13, fries extra.
I take back what I said about II Vinao being mismanaged.  I guess they where just having an off day.  The owner contacted me wanting details so that all problems could be fixed.  How great is that?  We will definitely be dropping by again sometime soon.  This place has what it takes to get a 5 star review from me I'm sure of it...I'll make sure to keep everyone posted.
Went for the carne fest and it was probably the worst experience I have ever had for the $45 I paid for dinner. The waitress couldn't remember to bring me my drink, the food was either under or over-cooked, service lacked professionalism and they ran out of nearly everything. 

I will never go here again.
We were excited to try what had the potential to be great, unknown Italian place in downtown Mesa.

After reading other reviews I called to make a reservation (great place must be busy, right?) The gentleman with whom I spoke was very friendly and helpful in scheduling our reservation to ensure we would have plenty of time to make our show at Mesa Arts Center; when I suggested moving it 15mins later he indicated they had several other reservation for that time and we'd best keep the initial time. Well when we arrived the place was mostly empty, no issues getting a table reservations or not. 6-7p on Friday evening and the place was dead. Still had potential, the word was not out yet. Perhaps knowing the facility was once a cafeteria influenced my perspective, initial impressions reminded me of visiting my Italian grandmother's home: it was nice place at one time. They clearly have placed their influence on the decor with an emphasis on wine theme. Not unpleasant but not warm and inviting either.

Our hostess/waitress seated us in what was promised to be a romantic sofa seating, it was ok, chair height cushioned seating on same side of table; not the romantic spot I expected. So this place is supposed to have a good wine selection, great! When asked "How is the Joseph Carr Cab?", the response was "good"; not a very helpful description nor was it accurate, soft and flat with little fruit would be better description and I'd expect to pay $13/bottle rather than $13/glass. My wife's Syrah was much better choice.

Spinach salad with Pine Nuts and Strawberries for starter, a rather large portion and perfect for sharing. Pretty basic presentation with dressing poured on top rather than dressed prior to plating. Not bad but difficult to eat as it required table tossing.

Filet Minon Flatbread w/Bleu Cheese starter sadly arrived with the salad. It too was ok, filet was tender and tasty, and bleu cheese added just the right twang. For an Italian place I expected homemade flatbread but that was not the case. Overall good flavors.

Time for entrees:  Crispy Prime Pork Loin w/Creamy Fontina Risotto and Caper Berry Sauce and Pappardelle Pasta Florentine w/Spinach Cream Sauce, Fresh Tomato and Lemon w/Chicken which we shared among us. Pork Loin was awesome! Slightly sweat, crispy coating, on a bed of creamy risotto and large caper berries; we could have eaten the whole thing were we not reaching fullness. Pasta Florentine was good, large flat egg noodles which were cooked well, cream sauce and chicken are very good as well. Of the two Pork Loin would be a do-over with no reservations, Pasta would probably not in favor of trying something else. Both were very good leftovers.

Overall I was not impressed, I would probably not make an effort to return. There were two waitresses (and trainee) working this evening, the other waitress could have made this a more pleasant experience as she had a much better handle on things: sharing specials, soup of day, and more helpful descriptions of menu items and wine list; our waitress was missing most of the evening but couldn't have been very busy with many other tables. I do wish them well.
This place rules! Please support his business. Food is tasty! Mesa needs to support awesome businesses like this one!
Great mediterranean food. Varied and good wine list.  Owners greet you coming and going. Servers are very attentive.  Loved the variety of seating options (bar, restaurant, private room) with wine bar atmosphere. Great wine/bar restaurant in an unticipated location.  So happy to have found another great dining option in Mesa!
My mother received a coupon and wanted to try Il Vinaio before a show at the Mesa Arts Center. I had only been for dinner there once before a couple of years ago, and remembered that the service was so deplorable that we were worried that our host was embarrassed to have brought us there. But the restaurant was new and I understand that it takes time to work out the kinks. Turned out that this particular kink has not yet been untwisted.
       
       The service is incongruent to the nice atmosphere and good menu. It's not just that the servers dress in jeans, tennis shoes and, I think, t-shirts, but that the quality of the work revealed the absence of proper training. Ex: no tray-jack, just set the entire large tray directly on our table, serving entrees while all of the appetizer and salad plates were still uncleared, never removing dinner plates, (we had to push the empty plates aside to do the check), no bussers which  decreased the amount of time we saw our server and greatly contributed to poor service.

       "Hi guys. My name is N_____. Let me tell you guys about the special." And then she literally began the description with, "It comes with...." She said the entire special backwards so that we had to wait until the end to know what the entree actually was! It went like this," It comes with X and Y over some (pasta?) and then you can get either A or B (fish or chicken maybe)." The way she told it was impossible to get a visual and I was so distracted by the delivery that I couldn't remember what the special was 10 seconds after she "described" it. Oh goodness.

       I ordered from an exciting gluten-free menu, which is a rare treat. I chose the braised lamb ragu with pappardelle pasta. My daughter wanted the same dish which was on the regular menu. However she told the server that she would go ahead and get the gluten-free as well, in order "to make sure the [identical] dishes don't get mixed up."  When the meals arrived, the lamb ragu was over CAPELLINI. When I told the server, she unapologetically said, "Oh, angel hair is the only gluten free pasta we have". I told her that my daughter never would have ordered the lamb ragu in gluten-free had she known. Our server didn't do anything with this piece of information to satisfy the problem. This would have been a good time for her to have told the owner that his/her error on the menu had caused two guests disappointment. Maybe at Il Vinaio they think, "Ahh, pasta is pasta. Who cares what shape it's in?"    Uh....we do!
           Important note: Ineptitude aside, the lamb ragu was DELICIOUS.

       However my father, who just had dental surgery, ordered tomato soup as his entree along with a sweet potato side. I don't believe that the same person who made the lamb ragu could possibly have made that soup. It was very watery and barely tasted of tomato. Dad's incredulity that it was being passed off as tomato soup caused him to want everyone at the table to try it.  And unfortunately for him, the sweet potato mash was not sweet as sweet potatoes usually are. After complaining about the soup, he received the black bean soup. The beans were undercooked, thus hard and unchewable for him. To top it all off, he had ordered an O'Douls over a half hour prior and had given up on it. In our attempt to assuage his suffering, we reminded the server who then brought it.

       When she brought the bill, I asked if she had taken anything off for not serving papardelle as the menu said. She replied, "I already took off his soup, sweet potatoes and O'Douls". I reminded her that the beer was 30 minutes late, and that the food he ordered was not good. I should have told her that in the restaurant business, once a drink takes 20 minutes to get to a guest, you give it to him with a sincere apology and it's comped. And when your guests find your food inedible, of course you do not charge them for that either.  Neither of which is a favor.

       I then talked to the owner about the menu item switch. She apologized for it. I told her that I didn't mind for myself since I'm just glad to get a good GF meal, but that something ought to be taken off of my daughter's entree since she never would have ordered the dish had she known that it was not as described. The owner did absolutely nothing except to apologize again. I was stunned by the owner's inaction. She  probably figured we were never coming back so why compensate for that particular error. If that was her thinking, she assessed the situation incorrectly. It's so hard to find a good gluten-free meal that I would definitely have gone again.  

   I noticed a lively bar with about 10 seats. Il Vinaio is probably great for a drink and some socializing at the bar. Also I would mention the GF menu to anyone needing to follow that diet. But I offer a warning about the service.  The establishment is too nice and has too much going for it for the owners to overlook this shortcoming.
I am not surprised at the number of low star reviews this place has...that said I love it here. I want to check out a dinner but have only been here for Sunday Brunch. The service is slow to get the food out and or take orders. The last two times we have been there we have spent 3 hours for brunch. I can see how this irritates people. 
I can tell you however, that we go there knowing that. It is an excellent time for our group of friends to catch up and hang out. 
The prices are so affordable, most of the food has been delightful (skip the crepes), and the bottom less champage is a big bonus if it will take at least a couple of hours to eat drink and be merry. 
Now don't take me word for it - go ahead and listen to all of the one and two star reviews and stay away... then I still won't have a wait while I get there. I love being seated right away!
I really appreciate having a restaurant / wine bar in central Mesa. It is great to have a place for great food and wine. I love the Crispy  Pork Loin with Creamy Fontina Risotto and Caper Berry Sauce.  The pork is crispy and tenter, the risotto  is rich and creamy, and the caper berry sauce is the perfect counter balance. Wow what a dish. It is addictive. Their other food is great also. They have a great selection of wines. they have great wine dinners and happy hour specials. The owners are very nice and attentive, they really make you feel at home. Gotta go, writing this has made me hungry for  Il Vinaio.
Nice atmosphere but no other customers on a Wednesday at lunch time.

Decent menu though a bit on the pricey side.

Wine was 2 for 1 at lunch... thought that was nice.

Great service.

Ordered the Vegetable Pasta and was looking forward to the zucchini and asparagus.  It was way to peppery yet bland.  Could have used more cheese also.

I wouldn't go back.
Top notch. Great beer selection, great wine selection, and the food is fantastic. The owners are incredibly friendly. I'll be coming here for years.
This place is a gem! I really had no firm idea what to expect as the reviews are so varied. I'm so happy I gave it a try.

Pros:
Food taste, presentation & creativity - very talented chef!
Service - extremely attentive and detailed
Atmosphere - A positive surprise based on the immediate area of the establishment

Cons:
Pricey - I recommend a certificate from Restaurant.com

The warm fig, goat cheese & candied pecan bruschetta are out of this world as was my linguine and clams. This place is a keeper and I will be returning albeit with another discount voucher. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
A few months back I went to Il Vinaio on a whim for supper with a friend of mine. The restaurant was nearly empty, but our waiter was excellent, our food was served promptly and was delicious. I also ordered a glass of Sangria which was heavenly. I half-joked to the waiter that I wanted to buy a gallon of the stuff to take home with me for a get together I was having that night, and the waiter and staff were so accommodating. They sent me home with 5 freshly made bottles of sangria and a container of fresh sliced fruit garnish. It was a very good experience and I have been trying to get some of my friends to join me for a meal there ever since.

Well, last week I got together a group of 8 diners and we decided to go there for dinner. Two of the diners would be enjoying their last dinner there before returning home to England. I realized several hours before dinner that there would be an Oktoberfest Beer dinner that evening, and called to make sure that regular service would be offered. It was, and I reserved a table for 7pm. Three people were there right on time, and the rest of the party arrived a little bit late but staggered, no later than 7:20. I'm not sure if our waitress had never waited table before, or was just highly incompetent at her job, but the entire meal was a disaster from the beginning. The beer dinner taking place in the center of the restaurant was not as busy as I had expected it to be, and there might have been a couple of other tables in the restaurant, I'm not sure. Our waitress didn't get all of our orders taken until after 7:45. Bread arrived 10 minutes later, stale and cold. A couple of friends ordered pitchers of Sangria, which was not quite as good as the batch that I'd purchased previously, but still very good. However, the pitchers were tiny, filled to the top with ice, and $34 each. Most of our water glasses remained empty for long periods at a time while our waitress was nowhere to be found. The food was also very inconsistent with my first visit - I had tried the mac and cheese which was delicious and rich, and my friend that ordered it received a bowl of runny cheese-milk with noodles in it. The sauce on the mac and cheese was identical to the "fondue" appetizer she'd ordered. I ordered a grilled flatbread with cappicola, and what arrived was a glorified tortilla with some cheese and ham sprinkled on top. It was not a $12 meal. Some of the food was delicious, but the inconsistency was truly astounding. My husband's sirloin burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious. Another friend ordered the antelope burger, and stated that he preferred his meat as rare as possible, but as he'd never eaten antelope he would like the chef to prepare the burger as he recommend it be eaten. The burger came out well done, tough, and underseasoned. I also had this item on my first visit, ordered medium, and it was perfect. Our food did take a very long time to come out, which I could attribute to the kitchen being tied up cooking for the beer dinner. However, we were a large, paying party who made sure that regular service would be an option before we came. There were so many more issues with the food and service. I was appalled that I had so highly recommended the restaurant and taken a large group there. It was a disappointing meal for every single member of our party. This review would be much longer if I detailed each member's order and the multiple issues with each.

I am not a confrontational person. I have worked in food service before and the experience we had was inexcusable. My husband picked up our portion of the check and I left as a couple of our more confrontational party members said something to the waitress. Nothing was comped, no apology was given or explanation made, and none of us will be back. I had such high hopes for this restaurant after my first visit. I am saddened that my second experience was so disastrous. Downtown Mesa needs good local businesses and restaurants, and I was so excited that this would be one. If this is a typical experience I expect they won't last another year. Please, show me this was a fluke!
We had a very pleasant experience at Il Vinaio. The service was excellent, the food was good and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. Excellent wine list as well as beer list. I went with my wife and 5 year old son and we all enjoyed it.
Doesn't even deserve 1 star.  My husband and I went here last night to grab dinner before a concert at the Mesa Arts Center.  We arrived at 6 and the show started at 7:30.  The hostess asked if we were going to the show and we said yes. We were seated immediately...the place was not even half full.  Waited a good amount of time before our server came to the table to take drink orders.  Waited 20 minutes for 2 glasses of wine.  Ordered our food which consisted of a salad, grilled flatbread and a burger with fries.  The salad came after we had been there for about 45 minutes.  Finally realized it was 7:00 and still didn't have our food.  Asked our server about the delay and she seemed shocked.  To top it off she had the nerve to say I brought you some bread, your salad and wine...WHAT!!!  We told her never mind on the food we would just take our bill.  By now it's 7:05.  The manager comes to the table to tell us that our food is being plated right now so it's ready.  At this point the show was starting in 20 minutes so we clearly didn't have time to eat it now.  She was very unapologetic about the whole situation.  She brought us our bill, and clearly couldn't be bothered to comp anything from it to try and rectify the situation.  Then the server comes back again to tell us our food is done now and did we want to take it was us.  Why yes, I would love to take my food and leave it in the car for the next 2.5 hours while we attend the concert.  That sounds like a great plan...NOT.   The couple that was seated right before us had also complained to their server and manager about the wait and I overheard their server mention that is was because there were so many people here tonight...keep in mind I mentioned the place was barely half full.  That was their 3rd time coming to the restaurant and it was the same all 3 times.  They were really trying to give the place a chance but said 3 strikes and you are out.  Such a disappointment and unlike the other couple, we will not give them another chance.  When you have people complaining you have to make it right and they did NOTHING!!! Do not waste your time going here unless you have tons of time to kill.  Luckily the show at the theater was amazing so it didn't ruin my night since we had to go to the show on an empty stomach.
Went on a Weds. night before a downtown show. Place is about 1/2 full. Took 30 minutes to receive glass of wine, 45 minutes to receive appetizer. After an hour of waiting finally received meal, which we had 5 minutes to gulp down before rushing out to catch show. Another couple that came in 5 minutes later, never received their meal. This way everytime we go (3rd time). I will not give them another chance. Owner said well, this place is bigger than it looks and we have a small kitchen. ??? Is this my problem?
The translated "Il Vinaio" is an ancient Italian word meaning "polished turd". The pretentious menu, the "Denny's" environment. The dated and uninspiring wine list. Fake yelp reviews, rude replies to yelp reviews.  Reviews that have no other reviews or friends, are obviously  fake yelp profiles, sad . Clearly unprofessional "foodies" have no place in the restaurant industry, this place makes the Taco Bell next door  look bad. Keep polishing that turd, I heard the best way is to suck at both ends.
We had dinner here after a play at the Mesa Arts Center.  Not the worst but definitely not the best place i've ever eaten.  To be fair, I didn't try anything on the wine menu.  The gluten free menu was the attraction and i suspect that has attracted a few others as well, especially on a Sunday afternoon when not much is open in Mesa.  It's ok, but I wouldn't go back again.
We went back to this gem last evening with a discount voucher in hand. I love this place. The food and service are impeccable. Still a bit pricey, but so worth it. Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. On Main Street just east of Country Club Drive.
I'm surprised at some of the negative reviews.  I've been to Il Vinaio several times for the weekend champagne brunch, lunch, & dinner.  The food & service have always been excellent.  I try to bring others with me regularly....they are equally impressed.  Keep up the good work, Il Vinaio!
We wanted to try the 4 course meal for $75 as advertised on livingsocial.com
I will comment on each course.

menu
 Salad
 Two Field Greens Salads
 Toad Hollow Rose Pinot Noir

Salad was fine. A lot of green olives. Wine tasted like zinfandel and neither of us liked it. Rolls were good.

 Appetizer
 Portabella Oscar: Crab-Stuffed Mushroom with Asparagus and Hollandaise
 Steelhead Pinot Noir

Very bland. 3/10. Hollandaise sauce was thin and uneventful. Now we are getting worried. Was not hot but served room temp. We had to force ourselves to eat this course. Disappointing. Wine was still just ok.

 Entre
 6-Ounce Filet Mignon with Red Skin Mashed Potatoes, Haricots Verts, and Wild Mushroom Demi
 OR
 Lobster Scallop Napoleon with Bacon Risotto Cake, Asparagus, Sun Dried Tomato Butter, and Lemon Beurre Blanc 
Cosentino "The Cab" Cabernet Sauvignon

We tried one of each. The Lobster dish was what made us try this 4-course meal. This was just bad. Risotto was harad and not fully cooked. The owner Cindi explained to us that it was intentionally "al dente". Why? Worst risotto ever. No flavoring. We exchanged it for another fillet which was good. 

 Dessert
 Gelato Sampler Trio
 Tombstone Belle Port

Gelato was ok. We liked the Port and the macaroons
Did not like the music that was playing--bad 80's music some of the time. classical would have been nice.

Summary: They tried and multiple courses was fun but we did not feel the food was of the caliber that it was worth $95 with tax and tip and we won't be back.
Unimpressive and overpriced. Tried the lamb ragu and it was one of the blandest dishes I've ever eaten. I'm not exaggerating when I say that the dominant flavor was the noodles! We tried an appetizer that was okay but nothing special (some sort of spicy/sweet shrimp). The best part of the meal was the bread (Breadsmith), however we had to ask for it and it didn't arrive until we were almost done with the meal.

On the plus side, they had a good beer selection featuring some local breweries that you don't see all the time. I do like that they source most of their ingredients locally.
Terrible, horrible, DO NOT GO!!  The staff was rude and readily turned up their nose when 5 adults walked in with 3 children, we were told the only tables they ahd available were their high tops (clearly they were trying to deter us from dining there) when we stated we were fine with a high top it still took more than 5 minutes to get seated and the restaurant only had 2 other tables when we walked in.  The apps were good, but it took more than 40 minutes for the main entrees to come out of the kitchen, during which time we had to ask more than 3 TIMES for our drinks to be refilled...the burger that was ordered medium might as well have mooed at us from the plate, the puntanesca was so salty it was inedible, the lemon chicken was so over cooked wand dry it was like road kill.  When we complained we were told that our meals could be re cooked, but with 3 fussy children and already having to wait more than 40 minutes, we did not have time to wait and see if the dishes would be corrected or not.  We were not offered to have anything removed from our bill, and not even a 'sorry' was given.  We were also charged an 18% auto gratuity because 'technically' we were a party of 8...one child is still breast feeding, and the other two didn't even have childrens items ordered for them as they were eating off our plates...this place has terrible food, bad service, and staff that does not care!!
Went with my husband and another couple to a beer and donut pairing event here and had a truly enjoyable experience.  I mean how many places do donut and beer pairings?!  It was quite yummy.  They often have live music which is another bonus- but it's not so loud you can't enjoy conversation with the person next to you.  I don't really understand the negative reviews regarding this place.
The owners and staff at Il Vinaio are simply great.  Yesterday, they helped Ginnie & I host a 65th birthday party for about 40 people.  The ambiance was superb, the wine was wonderful, and the staff was exceptional.  We highly recommend Il Vanaio for a week-end brunch or dinner any time.
It is right on the corner of Main and Country Club, and one might not see much on the outside, but really you should check it out. It is really pretty inside. The food is amazing, and they have quite the menu. Offering tapas, gluten free options, happy hour, and serving brunch on the weekends. Plus they have bottomless champagne (mimosas) for $8! Amazing!!! 

The one thing I notice is it is a large space, with not that many people in it. Hopefully more people will check it out because it is a very cool wine bar that is good for groups. Most wine bars are small so getting a group of friends all together can be tough. Not here! You're good to go.
My cousin & I stumbled upon this mesa gem while waiting for the children's museum to open on a Sunday. We had 4 children with two adults. At first glance we were hesitant, however once inside amazed at what we found. A truly vacation worthy atmosphere extremely friendly staff & delicious breakfast!!! Perfect Sunday brunch spot!!!! Kids or not.
Went there Saturday with a group of 12 women.  Although they were preparing for a wedding reception, we received amazing service.   Our waitress was very attentive and no one ever had an empty glass.   We had the brunch with the bottomless Champagne and it truly was bottomless.  
We had a variety of items from the brunch menu and I must say, although mine was very good,  I was jealous of a few other plates!   I will be back to try some of those and of course, more champagne!  We were able to chat and had a very good time.  
It is a little difficult to get to because of the light rail construction but worth it.
As I've said in past reviews, I don't write many reviews but there are times when I feel that I should and this review is a little late in coming.  My husband and I really love this place.  In Mesa this really is our Cheers. The owners Cameron and Cindy are about as welcoming as you can get.  Owning a restaurant can't possibly be an easy thing to do, but they sure do it with a smile.  

So last week we decided on a Tuesday night that we'd go to dinner at iLv, because he hadn't been in a while, I asked what the specials were on FB and we were pretty set on what we were going to have for dinner that night. Not to mention that I was totally craving their classic bruscetta it simply is the best I've ever had.  I could eat that as a meal all on its own.  My husband had the trout special and really enjoyed it, I had a bite and was pleased that it didn't have that fishy taste that trout can sometimes have.  I can't really speak for him on his experience but I sure can speak for mine.  I had the beer battered fish and chips, and all I can say is OMG.  I have had good fish and chips very rarely here in the United States, and I'm very selective about it,  because I got spoiled when I visited the UK.  If you've never had fish and chips in England you must put this on your bucket list. But back to this particular fish and chips.  I would pit this up against anything I had in the UK, it was just THAT good. The batter was light and airy and not dripping with grease.  My 5 stars is for that fish alone, if I could add more stars just because of service I would.  

Good wine, good food, and good company. How can you go wrong?

Oh yeah, don't leave without having the gellato.
Good food w/ interesting combination of ingredients. Good selection of beer & wines and good hard working staff. Some fun beer & wine events too. Beer & donut pairing tasting is really good, I wish they would do it more often. One of the very few full service restaurants in downtown Mesa.
Really enjoy the Sunday brunch with friends, the staff and owners are very friendly, and do a great job.
Service very good, wines are good, food just so-so.  I had a filet that was not a filet...it was OK but I don't know what cut it really was.  Companion had Pasta Florentine with just a hint of spinach.  Def for drinks but may pass on the food next time.
Il Vianio is my new fave Mesa restaurant. Have been going there every week for lunch since I moved here six months ago. Yummy menu with unique dishes...all fresh and beautifully presented. Service is extraordinarily personal with likes/dislikes always remembered. Feels like friends are cooking just for you. If you go for dinner at the bar on Fridays and Saturdays you run into the downtown Mesa business owners after their workday. A fun place to be. And, if my fussy mother loves it, who won't?
Local sourced organic ingredients and a new chef and menu makes this a must do. Soups are excellent flavor and not salty. The hatch chili is just right in several dishes. You will really like!
Food and service were mediocre. Nothing special in my opinion, not for that price. Had the tilapia the first time and it was very fishy tasting, which was not what I expected. Second time had the lobster Mac and cheese which was alright but not amazing. Boyfriend had the 10oz sirloin and the chicken a different time, which he said were good, so maybe it's just the fish that they serve there that's yucky.
The quote of "A casually elegant American fusion restaurant, wine & beer bar" really says it quite well. Diverse menu and wine list are well-priced but well done. 

Just happened in and enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. Give it a try, especially as there are multiple arts and entertainment venues nearby. They're ready for you!
I come here often and have tried various foods and desserts and always love them. I have even had an antelope burger and kangaroo brats here. When they have something new or limited it's always a tasty treat. They also have a nice rotating beer selection. I really love the beer and donut pairings that they do. And the owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming, I feel more like I am going to visit friends or family and I can relax rather than going to a loud, stuffy restaurant (as I feel about many other places).

PS: Love the tables with a couch on one side. I mean, if that's not relaxing...
First time at Il Vinaio but had to do take out due to other commitments. Arrived at 4:30pm on a Wednesday and it was deserted. Hostess obviously greeted me right away and accommodated me with a gluten free menu. 

Since I did take out, she warned me that GF pasta takes 20 minutes. No prob there so she offered water during my wait. 

Dinner arrived right on time: 20 minutes after she turned in the ticket. We ordered Classic Bruschetta on GF bread. It was toasted just right with herbaceous tomatoes on top. For entrees we got the Pasta Vinaio with GF pasta and Chicken Roulade (no gluten adjustments needed.). Each dish was well prepared with saucy goodness, goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes. 

The total was $43 for two entrees and an app but for hard-to-find gluten free Italian, it was worth the price. 

We will return when we have time to have a good sit down meal.
My hubby and I stopped in for an impromptu dinner date after escaping an awkward work holiday party with bad, bread-based apps.  We were specifically drawn by the gluten-free menu and the commitment to sourcing local ingredients, and we weren't disappointed.  Rather than one or two safe dishes or having to make a million mods to be able to eat at a lot of restaurants, Il Vinaio had a full menu of possibilities, including multiple dessert options.  I didn't even get a look at the wine list, because the waitress had me at the seasonal Woodchuck Barrel Reserve cider, which had an AMAZING bourbon-like quality.  Wait, I shouldn't be telling you this, because I want to go back and get more before it's gone!  

Hubby had the green chile burger, and I had the ancho rubbed steak.  Both of us were quite satisfied with the dishes, which were generously portioned and prepared just as we had ordered.  Best of all, I didn't get sick afterward, which tells me that the kitchen is on their game.  I was very happy with my flourless chocolate torte with berry compote, and my hubby loved his GF brownie sundae.  

Great food, relaxed atmosphere, very friendly and attentive service, and a competent kitchen.  We'll be back!
Great breakfast.  Eggs Benedict w/ lobster on gluten free eng. muffin and blueberry  crepes. Both meals were well executed and fairly priced. Our waitress turned out to be the owner, which is always appreciated by a fellow shopkeeper. In the downtown/civic district of Mesa , and within a very dated building, the ambiance is classy and understated. I hope to return for the beer and wine. $3 pints of craft brew at brunch!  Very quiet on a Sunday morn. a nice escape.
I have been dining at Il Vinaio for the last year or so and have nothing but great things to say. First off, the service is absolutely terrific! From start to finish, this restaurant has your best interests in mind with their great wine and food reccomendations. I feel confident ordering anything off their menu. I know finding great restaurants in Mesa, AZ is tough but Il Vinaio makes it easy! Go here!
I was excited to try this place after hearing/reading good reviews.  I ordered the Chile Rubbed Teres Major Steak and it came out room temperature.  The broccoli side was tasted like it had just come out of the refrigerator. I sent it back and it came back a few minutes later and the broccoli now tasted like it was dunked in boiling water and dropped right back onto the plate (it was soaking wet). The steak was still room temperature and while better, it was hardly worth the almost $20 it cost. No manager came to ask what the problem was.  Service was mediocre. I won't be back.
Ok, so I went here with my Mom and a group of people for her birthday.  The drinks were good, I'm under 21 so I had a raspberry iced tea, which was good, and everyone that had wine or beer thought it was a great selection.

For an appetizer I tried the chicken wings, which were huge (bigger than my fist) and very delicious, being only $5 on the happy hour menu, it was a great deal. It came with 3 wings.

For my entree I tried the chile rubbed mejor steak.  It was $20, and the disappointment was bigger than the steak.  The steak was smaller than the chicken wings were, with even less flavor.  I honestly don't even know how they removed as much flavor as they possibly could from their steak.  The size of the steak alone made me want to leave upon looking at it, but the hopes of flavor kept me going, only to end up wanting to cry in the spiciest mashed potatoes I have ever had.  

In the end, I wish I had only had more of the chicken wings.  The drinks, wings, and service were the only things that kept me from getting too upset.  At the time.  This happened a few weeks ago and I wasn't going to write a review, but I've had this eating at me and pissing me off at random times.  I WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN.  If you're a steak fan, I wouldn't go here.  The chicken wings were the only things on the menu that looked appetizing to me.
I'm not sure why this place isn't busier. The only time we've seen it full is on the beer & donut tasting days (those are FUN). The food is good, fresh & innovative. The service is always fast & friendly. Of course, they always have plenty of good options for booze - especially wine. And it's decorated in fresh, inviting decor. I've been here for lunch, dinner & happy hour & it's very consistent.
Love love II Vinaio! Fantastic wines and food! The owners are a fantastic couple and is always very welcoming to my partner and I.
Amazing food and very nice staff and owners. It was my girlfriends birthday and they took very good care of us! I also proposed which they celebrated with us. Awesome place for the gluten intolerant folk. Full gluten free menu along with their regular menu. Very food allergy conscious and will do anything to please. Will defiantly become regulars and thank you again for a an amazing night that we will never forget!
This is the second time we have been here. And had I rated it the last time I would have given it 5 stars. I bought the coupon on restaurant. com for this outing since there were 5 of us - 50 off of 100. When we arrived it was still happy hour so we ordered 3 appetizers right off the bat. The hummus,  yum and 2 orders of the chicken croquettes, so so. The appetizers came out in about 10 minutes.  Pretty good timing and our server had our drinks as well. I ordered the steak and all though she said it was super tender, it wasn't and it was cold with cold butter on top. My daughter had the salmon witch was ok and my husband the fillet. Which was also tough. 2 others had the pasta which was amazing but served with over cooked chicken. Ok all that about the food but literally it took about 35 minutes and there were only 3 tables in the entire place with people.  Another couple was seated at the same time we were and they actually left after getting apps and a meal while we were still "lingering" over our apps.  So ... what I want to say here is that I was super disappointed at the end of the day. My hopes were high for this place after a good experience back in January. Also not to be picky but they charged me full price for the apps because I had the coupon even though we were well over the 100.00 before the apps were added. We did have desert as well but nothing to write home about. So any way they added the extra to our bill in the end. I think that for a place that is super empty,  they may want to consider this policy, it was only 11 more dollars but still... so this is the third time I have used a coupon from restaurant.com and the 3rd disappoint. I dont think we will go back again:( too bad because I think this place is super cute and has potential.
I was in the area for a business trip and literally stumbled on this place, looking for some good food and a glass of wine.  FOUND IT!!  Happy hour was in progress (ladies night=Wed) and I got a lovely Ceasar salad (YUM) and a couple of $5 appetizers (wings/bruschetta) and a great wine to go with.   Super good food/friendly service, pleasant atmosphere, great prices, WILL RETURN again next time I am in the area!! This place is a hidden gem!
They have a unique menu, great beer selection, and wine you can't get in other places.  We got great service, talked to the owners for a while...and we'll be coming back for more tastings.  The prices are also very reasonable for the quality of food.
Wonderful comfortable atmosphere   Wonderful selections of beer and wine   Love it!!!  However I will not go there again as the bathrooms ARE NOT WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE!!!!!
Came here with some friends on a Saturday afternoon. It was really quiet; I assume due to the holiday weekend.  
I must admit, I was worried when I saw the exterior, but the inside was a nice surprise.
Cindy was our server. She was great! 
We ordered the Lobster Benedict and a the Green Chili "burger"; but at Cindy's suggestion changed out the beef for chicken. The lobster was tender, quite a lot of it, the eggs cooked perfectly, the green chili added a very nice flavor and the hollandaise was great...very rich! The chicken "burger" was incredible. Everything was very tasty...but best of all? $8 bottomless champagne! 
We will definitely be back for dinner!
Went for brunch today by suggestion of a friend and was very pleasantly surprised.   Our server was very friendly and attentive and helped us with the menu and any questions we had...   Some of the things that made me love this place was 1- the bottomless champagne brunch 2-the food was great.   I got the green Chile burger substitute for chicken and it was delish ! 3-BOTTOMLESS CHAMPAGNE... 

I will be going again!
The service was amazing! Me and my wife got a sudden chance to go and we will go back!
It's been open for approximately 2 months and they have a bit more to do to impress me. Upon entering it took a few minutes of us waiting at the front to finally be acknowledged and greeted. There's a hostess area, but no hostess.

We wanted something light, easy, and fast. We ordered a pizza special that included a drink, slice of pizza, and a salad. The pizza came out re-warmed and dry. I was not happy about them passing off fresh, gourmet pizza with a re-warm in the toaster oven appeal (I've re-warmed enough pizzas in my time that I know it when I see it). I asked the server about it and he admitted that it was not fresh and that they would make us fresh slices. The new pizza came out 10-15 minutes later and it was a stark difference compared to the initial slice. The pizza was freshly baked (not freshly made by hand) and the cheese was delicious. 

Some helpful tips:
1. Do us both a favor and get it right the first time. You only have one chance to make a good first impression. Unfortunately, the initial impression I have of this establishment is disappointment. If you know you were giving out old pizza, why do it? Especially when you are a new business and you are building your reputation.
2. If you advertise "gourmet" be it. The quality of the pizza was ordinary. If you were to advertise as a regular pizza joint, I would think you were great. However, since you say you are "gourmet" you have missed the mark entirely. Gourmet to me is handmade and extraordinary with toppings and spices and I didn't see that.
3. Same line of thought...if you advertise "organic wheat crust" use it. My crust was an ordinary white flour crust. 

The two main reasons (gourmet and organic wheat crust) I picked this restaurant instead of the one next door were the very things that I didn't end up experiencing. 

The service was okay. The restaurant itself is in a great location and is decorated very nice! I think this place has great potential, it's just getting the form and function to align (be consistent in your advertising message with the product you give to your consumer).
I have to say we love Picazzo's. We just moved over from Italy and have been searching the valley for good "Italian" style pizza. We took a chance on Picazzo's and man are we glad we did. This is the best pizza I have found in the west valley. Outside of driving an hour to hit a small pizza joint in Mesa, this will now be my new go to pizza home. 

We had the Nonna's Favorite plus Anchovies (common in Italy). The crust was good and not to thick. The pizza was not rewarmed and tasted great. The only thing we wished it had was more anchovies or smaller pieces spread more evenly around. 

We did take our pizza to go so I can not comment on the service. There was a live music act and the place was packed. I would have to assume it is a well liked place. 

Great food, not to bad a price.
Yes, I work in an Italian Restaurant.. however, I LOATHE Italian food.
So knowing this you may automatically assume my first thought about going to a place like this. Boy was I shocked when I realized I actually liked their food!

My Dad decided this was the place he wanted to try for his birthday dinner. So, it was decided then... we packed ourselves into the car and took about a 15 minute trip... (this is a short trip for me, as anyone who knows me will tell you I am willing to travel REALLY far for good food).

Upon arrival we were seated immediately by a friendly hostess. The server was very tentative... this may get on some people's nerves, but not mine. Our drinks were never empty and our food was delivered to the table very promptly. The server also suggested things that he liked and explained some of the dishes. 

Anywho, the food was delicious. I had the marghertia pizza and to start off with, the hummus. The portions are plentiful. My parents had salads and my mom had some eggplant dish and both of them were quite impressed as well.

Overall, this joint was wonderful and I plan to go back sometime soon.
I LOVE Italian food. Recently, my children have been diagnosed with egg, dairy and gluten allergies....so out went the Italian food, until now. This place is great for anyone on the GF or candida friendly diet.  Almost everything can be made GF and the meats are nitrate, nitrite free. Most of the food options are also organic.

The restaurant appears clean, open and airy.  Picasso-esque art hangs from the walls and decorates the women's restroom. We have eaten in all three areas of the restaurant (bar, main dining and patio) and have enjoyed all three settings.

We have gone to this establishment multiple times and on multiple days. We aim for the happy hour so that we can take advantage of the 50% off appetizers.

The baked wings are wonderful. They are flavorful, not greasy and very delicious. We get ours with the sauce on the side and we think it's even better that way.

We get the hummus with the gluten free bread. The bread is not chewy or crumbly like some GF breads can be. The hummus is sprinkled with feta and decorated with olives, tomatoes and peperoncinis. It is not as creamy as many other hummus recipes can be, but it is flavorful and pairs well with the GF bread.

We get the GF pizza without cheese and it has never come out burned or chewy. (NOTE: GF pizza only comes in the medium size.). We have had several topping combinations and their gourmet pizzas and have yet to be disappointed.

We have also tried the Chipotle Penne with Chicken with and without the GF option. I would give it an 8 out of 10. It doesn't knock your socks off, but it is quiet yummy.  The Penne Steak and Mushroom (without the Gorgonzola cheese) is about a 7.5. It is not as flavorful as the Chipotle Penne, but is decent. I was expecting a more robust, flavor and was left disappointed.

For dessert we have had the GF chocolate chip and the GF brownie. NOTE: GF desserts are not as tasty and they are a little bit crumblier than the regular kind, but here they are pretty darn good. Both are equally tasty, it just depends on what kinda mood you are in.

They have excellent customer service. We have seen the manager, servers and other staff work well together and make sure that everyone's needs are being met. We have witnessed the manager quickly correct any issues that other patrons had.
My wife and mother-in-law have recently been tested for Celiac. Being sensitive to their dietary restrictions, I searched for gluten-free restaurants in the Phoenix area while visiting. Found Picazzo's on Yelp! and took the family out for dinner.

It was a great find! The service was great and food was delicious. Their menu is about 90% gluten-free and who knew gf could taste so good. Kids had the gf pizza an the adults had the gf pasta dishes. All were great. Not only gf but organic and fresh.

The manager hinted that they're scouting the Denver area in the near future.
Girls Night Out and we had a fun time as we always do no matter where we go. We decided to give Picazzo's a try as it's nearby and we were a little tired of the Scottsdale scene. 

Food was yum but the service is what caused this rating to go down. We had to beg for drinks and one person in our party didn't even get what she ordered. Dishes sat for long periods of time and service was just slow in general, despite it being a not-terribly-busy Friday night. The tip definitely reflected this lack in service. 

Service aside, the food was very good. We had the Buffalo wings as a starter. They were delish! These wings are baked and they use some sort of buffalo type rub instead of the drippy sauce. The rub was flavorful and had a bit of a kick, but not overly so. The four of us shared the California pizza and the Meaty Meaty. The California was a neopolitan style of pizza and had mozzarella, blue cheese, tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon and spinach on top. it was awesome. The Meaty meaty had sausage, pepperoni, canadian bacon on the classic Picazzo's crust. The crust was very nice but the pizza itself was greasy and not overly memorable. All four of us agreed that the California was a homerun for sure. We also shared a chocolate chip cookie and a brownie skillet dessert. The desserts were tasty and just the right temperature. There are loads of choices of gourmet pizzas or you can build your own. The menu is loaded with pasta choices as well that range from organic to even having gluten free items as well. Very nice to have such choices!

We'll likely go back and try more items on the menu another time, but honestly, I don't know how long I'll be willing to put up with slow service. There are just too many places around town that encourage their wait staff to bust their butts to make the visit memorable and this place...we actually had to hold up our water glasses in the air to the bus girl who was filling at another table because she walked by us 4 times with empty glasses on our table. 

So for now, our first visit is a 3 star visit. It can only go up from here, I hope! :)
I love this place! Is not just the fact that there are organic and gluten free options, it's the great service also. My friends and I have been going there about once a week and we just love it. Their pizzas are great and the salads are just amazing and HUGE! It's best to share! 

I recommend sitting at the bar area and chat with the bartender/owner, We've always try to talk to them and find out what the manager's special is. So far, we love this place.
Having gotten tired of all the usual suspects (the regular pizza places in the area) we decided to venture out for dinner and found Picazzos.  What a great find!  The funniest part was when my son and I realized that my wife had already eaten here and even written a review.  Well, we took her advice and got the California pizza, and it was damn good. 

We also had ordered a "Classico" which I found less tasty then the California.  But hey, both pizzas were tasty and I am not knocking the classico.  Bottom line, they have a very large menu with lots of choices.  The ingredients seemed very high quality and fresh, so yes, we will be back! 

NICE PLACE!  Hope they keep the service up to spec!
Four of us had another wonderful dinner at Picazzo's in Surprise.  Don't miss the Mama's Meatball appetizer.   The fact that you can order almost any dish with gluten free bread or pasta is a real plus.  Tonight we had penne pasta, the Vortex gluten free pizza and Eggplant Parmesan.  All were well flavored, fresh and served timely.  The skillet cookie deserts are a 'little bit of heaven'. large enough for several to share.  We recently ate at the Picazzo's on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale.  Don't judge Picazzo's by the Scottsdale restaurant.   It doesn't hold a candle to the menu, service and quality of food found in the Surprise restaurant.  After over half a dozen visits, Picazzo's, Surprise, will be visited often.
Terrible and a rip off!  Took a pizza to goand a salad for $34. the pics was$20 for there medium which was suppose to be organic but it looked like it came from peter piper no joke. And it only had 6 slices that were tiny. Ingredients was horrible and tasted like it was a frozen pizza. I got the Italian salad that hardly had meat and was very small with horrible cheap iceberg lettuce. Cost was $14 and a joke..if your looking for better pizza and salad seriously go to dominos our pizza hut and save your money because nothing about this place was organic and I'm very disappointed.
LOVE this place.  My dad (a diabetic) introduced me to this place and raved about how this place didn't make his sugar go wonky at all, and how the pizza is amazing.

A recently discovered celiac, it's my new favorite... and the fact that they are EVERYWHERE helps considerably.

I've never had any issues with service and I usually go at lunch time.  I have yet to see it super busy, but according to my servers when I go, they have their busy times.

One funny thing... in the women's restroom, you open up one of the stalls and there is this big painted goddess face staring back at you.  It startled my sister enough that she had to tell me about it so I had to go see it. haha
We were excited to try this place because it was less than 5 min from our house, but we were sorely disappointed.  

First and foremost, they forgot the avacado on our "California Pizza."

We wanted the "organic whole wheat crust" but they said they were out of this.  I'm not sure how that happens, especially since we ordered at 4:30 on a Saturday.  You would think they would have enough for a busy Saturday night.

The bacon was uncooked and fatty.    

The toppings were sparse and we were unsatified after finishing.

We had high hopes going into this thinking it would be a similar to CPK, but it is unlikely we will go back.
I visited this place on a  early fri evening . Place has great new modern decor . Sat in bar with my cousin . The waiter in the bar was very attentive. Food was really good . I have been recently been eating gluten free and was thrilled on all they offer .Will make sure and visit again!
CPK who????!!!!

Why, oh why can't this place have locations in southern California??? Stopped here with my brother and his wife after a spring training game over at Surprise Stadium. I was super hungry so I was really interested in what these gourmet pizzas were all about. Mind you I grew up with a father who would make homemade gourmet pizzas that were super, super good (still my favorite pizza...will likely be apart of my last meal if I ever am sent to death row). 

Anyway, we walk in on an early Monday evening and the place is pretty empty. We sit down and order up our drinks. I tried one of their organic iced teas...not sure which one I got but it was super good and refreshing. The decor and feel of the place was warm and calming, with a lot of Picasso'eqe art lining the walls.  We started off with one of their natural chopped Italian salad. Being all health conscious, I was suspicious on how good it would taste and boy were my concerns unneeded. Despite having smoked ham and salami, the salad was super light yet extremely flavorful. Loved their Italian dressing as it was also light...they also didn't drown the salad in it, so it was lightly covered with the dressing. All the produce (Lettuce and Tomatoes) were organic and the croutons were gluten free...a really nice way to start the meal. 

We decided upon trying the Chipole and Chicken pizza with the Bagel crust (I think that's what it was). Whatever the case, it was GOOD! And the thing to put it over the OK mark was the Bagel Crust!!! All the toppings were super fresh. 

We ended the meal with one of their baked apples and vanilla ice cream. Another tasty, yet light creation. Walking out, we noticed that we must have arrived just in time because the place had filled up all around us, including outside where the weather was beautiful. The service was really friendly and attentive as well. 

Good thing I have family in AZ because I think I must come back to try some more of their health wise meals.
Yum
I've been back to Picazzo's several times since my review last year and I am remiss in updating my review. 

Picazzos has been GREAT since my first review. The pizza is amazing. The pasta is delicious. We've gotten take out and eaten in and all were good experiences. TDishes we've enjoyed include the butternut squash ravioli, the pasta diviolo, the California pizza, and the Sweet and Sassy! The salads are fresh and aren't overdone. 

he staff is a bit hit or miss hence the 4 star review, but I would say all in all, Picazzos is definitely worthy to give a try to some night soon!
Great  wedge salad!  Very good margherita  pizza. Excellent service!
I would rate it one star if it wasn't for our salads being good.

A coworker and I ordered two salads for pick up, as we were on our lunch break and didn't want to waste a lot of time. When I asked the guy who answered the phone for two small salads, he asked if I wanted a "single" or "small." After asking him what the difference was, he told me that the small served 4-6 people and the single was good for one person... Hmm... I guess it would be a single then! From the website, it looked like there were only three options (S/M/L), but whatever.

When we showed up to pick up our order, it was pretty clear that they were short on staff. There were 2 people working and one of them was behind the bar pretty much the whole entire time. They were definitely NOT in a hurry even though the restaurant  had a good amount of people there... Just a couple of dudes putzing around! 

Anyways, he ran our cards and returned with 2 piddly, TINY boxes of salads.. What? After sitting in my car and wondering why we were charged $7 for a snack of a salad, we decided to go back in and see what the deal was. After we told him that it wasn't explained to us what a "single" was, he admitted that he wasn't being exactly clear. "Yeah, it was probably my fault." Uh, yeah it was! That was all he said, no apology or anything. Now, we are not the type of people who go around looking for freebies, but you would think he would have been a little more... I don't know... Courteous! He ended up running our cards twice, since we wanted a larger order and disappearing in the back for almost half an hour. We would have left if he hadn't charged us, but we were stuck waiting... For...Ev....ER!

While we were standing there twiddling our thumbs, it was obvious that some of the other customers felt just as neglected and frustrated. One woman even had to get up out of her seat and walk over to one of them to have something taken care of. Not cool. Finally, he brought us our food and still gave no sign that he even cared about what had happened. It's a cute place and the food might be decent, but I would not go back to this location!
We tried this restaurant because we had received a gift certificate as a gift. Thank goodness it didn't cost us anything to eat there. 3 of us had bowls of Potato Bacon soup with a pieces of  "bread." If there was any bacon in this soup, none of us saw it or even tasted it. The "bread" they served with it was hard and neither the soup or the bread had any taste. I kept adding pepper but you can only add so much of that to soup before it tastes yucky. The other person in our group got the lunch combo of 1 piece of pizza (Cheese) and a salad. The price for this combo was expensive, which you don't mind if the food is good, but in this case it added another layer of annoyance. When it came, she asked the server where the dressing for her salad was and he told her it was on the salad. She asked him to show it to her as she didn't see any and then he said perhaps they had forgotten it. He brought her some dressing that was the consistency of peanut butter and looked very unappetizing. She tried it with a little lettuce and said it wasn't too bad (what a compliment, huh?) but the slice of pizza was tasteless. Tasteless food and high prices - not a good combination. We WILL not be coming back here.
Love this place!! I always go! Best pizza ever! Great staff! 5+++ stars!!!:)
I liked everything except for the service... our waiter seemed to hate his life. He wasn't real friendly... and it seemed like it took a long time to get everything. They really need to install water filters... water is gross :( 

The only reason they are getting 4 stars is because I would give the pizza 6 stars if I could. I think next time I'll just get it to go.
I'm a bit fond of LGO, but the Gluten-Free crust here is worlds ahead of LGO. With that in mind, I am not a huge fan of their pizza sauce, but that's just personal preference. They have two very satisfying organic iced tea's. I also really like their Greek Salad.
Warning: this place does not have the Picazzos.com menu. I guess they are not affiliated with that place even though that is the website that comes up when you look up the place on Google Maps. 

Our waitress was great, but the food - not so much. The brownie was the best thing we had. We tried the garlic cheesy bread and it was very bland. I didn't even know that was possible. The vegetable platter came with vegetables that were sitting in a 1/4 inch of butter and fat. I was hoping for a bit healthier vegetables. I like the atmosphere and the staff so I may be back to try the pizza and give it another chance.
service is solid, pizzas are excellent, pastas are top notch, beer and wine selection is impressive. if you happen to stop by I'd like to recommend any of their pesto dishes, very rich in flavor.
Fresh and healthy?  That's what I felt eating dinner here.  Not my normal stop, I usually go for fattening and strong flavors :) Great place to have some pasta, pizza, and wings.

I tried two appetizers to get the ball rolling.  The wings were delicious.  They are baked instead of fried and the maple BBQ had a great flavor.  I think the dipping sauce was ranch, but it was light.  With the wings dipped it took away the maple BBQ flavor.  Thus I figured I would rather have the BBQ flavor than the light ranch.  I ended up not using any ranch for my wings.  I can say if you like non fried wings this is your place.  Plenty of flavors to choose from and I could go here for drinks and wings.

I also tried one of the teas on the menu.  I personally would not try it again.  The flavor was very light.  Not really sweet or flavorful, just a light taste to it.  I can almost describe my tea as flavored water.  Like having a cucumber in your water to give it flavor?  Almost the same effect.  

I also tried the homemade meatball appetizer.  It was good and came out of the kitchen super hot.  Nice amount of meatballs, sauce and artichokes.  I noted the artichokes to have a more sour note and I was unsure it is caused the sauce to be more on the sour side.  With both the sauce and artichokes being sour it ended up being too sour of a dish for me.  If you like your marinara sauce to be on the sour, tangy side this might be your dish.  I like a more sweet sauce or balanced marinara myself.  

The pasta was good, I enjoyed the steak penne.  The sauce was the most robust flavors I had during dinner.  I believe this to be a dish I would have again.  I noted the steak to be cut in very small pieces.  Can't really ask to cook the steak medium rare in this case.  It still worked and I got my steak craving cured however.

The kids meals end up being $5 a kid and include the drink, not a bad price tag.  One plate was pasta with butter and cheese.  Our second meal was a simple cheese pizza.  The pizza was good and so was the pasta.  The kids also get crayons and coloring pages, so I would say a kid friendly place.  The meals did come with a slice of an apple as a side, but both of my kids did not eat it.  Both noted the apple was super sour.  

So I can say a good experience first visit, had some highs and lows and ugh moments.  I can say that does not discourage me, I plan on trying it again and only try a pizza.  Pizzas start at $12 and go on up.  So it can get pricey if you are a big eater like me.  Also please be patient since I experienced new staff on my visit.  Overall give it a try, you may like it.
Closed
Went there at 7:45pm on Thurs & it was closed (it's not a holiday)--it was Wed 1/10/13.
An entire grocery store (ok, it's more like a 7-11 in size) Gluten Free? Sweet!

This place is great.. lots of products. They also sell alternative items such as dairy-free stuff. They have a lot of kits for everything from baking muffins to dinner stuff like Hamburger Helper-style kits.

I HIGHLY recommend this place and hope they get the support they deserve. 

The staff is SUPER friendly, helpful, and engaging. GO HERE AND SPEND MONEY. :)
I was thrilled when I heard about an entire store devoted to the Gluten-free lifestyle. I was even happy to make the long trek from North Scottsdale. With a recently diagnosed seven year old Celiac, I have been desperate to find healthy but delicious GF options. The selection here is great with everything from cereal to cupcakes. But what I really took away from it was loads of information graciously bestowed upon me by the owner. He talked with us for 15 minutes about diet, lifestyle and different resources including a tax credit for GF foods! Did you know about this? Amazing! All around, a great experience and we will definitely make the trek again.
Oh my goodness!  The cinnamon rolls are delish!
We went to this store, right before heading back home, to the chicago area last year.  i had only been gf for less than a year.  found out about some wonderful products and another gf store in Milwaukee, WI......  great products!!! esp oatmeal raisin cookies from Fresh from the Goddess!!!!! those were gone before we got to the airport.....looking forward to visiting here again very soon......when we come back to the Phoenix area!
FInally a gluten free heaven!!! I love going into this store and shopping my heart out. I love that he carries so many items that you cannot find in all the other grocery stores. The owner can tell you the difference between all of the pancake mixes, cornbread, pretzels etc.  SO HELPFUL!  I love that i don't have to read labels and risk getting sick. I love how nice the owner is and how helpful he always is. I absolutely recommend this spot for any special dietary needs!!
Love this store! Gary the owner is very knowledgable and helpful. I love all the fresh baked gluten free goods he keeps in stock too. I
I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
Great place to find GF food.  Maybe not the cheapest, but with everything in the same spot very convenient.  Probably saved gas money by not having to go to multiple stores.  Finally found GF tortillas that are awesome! They have fresh and frozen baked good from a local GF bakery.  Liked the fresh cinnamon rolls.  May not be Cinnabon, but will never find that in GF anywhere.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you are just starting out as a new Celiac or going GF for any reason, go here first.  This would have been awesome for me when I was forced to go GF a couple years back due to health issues.  Husband is not GF, but found some GF pretzels he loves at a reasonable price (was much more expensive at Fry's).  Store items include snacky GF foods as well as mixes and hamburger helper type / rice mixes.  My favorite item is the scones, they are in the freezer case in the back (local bakery).  OMG I finally felt I was normal again, except I ate them all in one night....
Got a recommendation from a friend that this place was a great stop for pizza and salad.  Definitely did not disappoint!

Sammy's offers some great menu items that all look tempting both in description and on the plate.  We've yet to see a bad looking plate come from the kitchen and always see new items to try just by watching other people's orders come out.

So far, my wife and I have been here twice and have ordered a Pizza and a Salad which works out perfectly for 2 people.  With pizza in the name, we figured you can't go wrong with that order, but the salads here are just as good if not better!

For pizza, we've done the BBQ Chicken and the Thai Chicken Pizza (TCP).  I'll say that I find the BBQ to be a better tasting pizza.  There was a funny taste to the TCP that I just couldn't put my finger on.  It had spice, but it wasn't a traditional tasting TCP.   However, the BBQ Chicken was right on target.  With both pizzas, the one thing that is constant is great tasting crust.  Light, flavorful and a great compliment to the fresh ingredients.

As for the salad, we've tried the Chinese Chicken and the Thai Chicken.  Both of these hit the spot.  Unlike the pizza, the Thai Chicken Salad was perfect.  Great taste, traditional flavor and just all around good.  The Chinese Chicken was just as good.  Both of these were refreshing, filling and instant favorites.

All around, can't complain with either of our visits and it's on our list of top lunch places here in Vegas.  The wait staff is quick and friendly and the restaurant environment is stylish and comfortable.  We will be back for more soon!
If you like a large volume of bland, generic food then this is your place. If you like flavors other than fat, sickly sweet, or creamy, steer clear!  

I had a craving for traditional Italian pizza. Since this place is just down the road, we decided to give it a try. My hubbie and I had the coconut shrimp skewers, which were deep fried beyond recognition and came with a side of citrus-flavored high fructose corn syrup. We then shared a pizza which had a small spoonful of sauce in the center of an oddly sweet flat bread type thing, which in no way resembled pizza base, and it came slathered in oil, ick!  

The service was average, if you consider inattentive to be average. The waiter seemed to be on another planet, and couldn't distinguish lunch from dinner.  Not recommended.
Okay Sammy... We need to talk about your place. The food was okay and the service, well the service was below par to be kind. Let me explain. 
We walked in around noon and could count all of the people in the restaurant on one hand and since the weather was awesome today "mid 70's and a slight breeze" we opted to sit outside and enjoy our lunch and the weather alike. The server sat us and was kind enough to let us know that if we decided to order pizza's it would be a little longer then normal because they just opened and the oven was not up to temp yet. That is totally understandable and i appreciate the warning. So we sat outside and decided on our order, closed the menus, finished our waters, and continued to sit. So about 15 minutes later the waiter came out and asked if we had decided, since we had plenty of time of coarse we said yes. We ordered a prosciutto asparagus pizza a kids BBQ Chicken pizza and I ordered a Grilled chicken breast and hummus sandwich. after another 15 to 20 minute wait we received our food. The sandwich I ordered was amazing and so were the other items we ordered but the lack of service and the constant empty drinks unfortunately were to much to overlook. The three stars are for the food being good and obviously the 2 docked stars are for the service, or lack there of. 
If you have the hankering for sammys i would recommend the W. Sahara Store over this one.
Food was good when we finally got it.  

Service was inconsistent from beginning to end.

We arrived about 9pm and we were aware Sammy's closes at 9:30.  We stepped in and I counted 5 parties and 3 of which looked to be finishing up.  There was no host present as we entered.  We stood around expecting someone.  I made eye contact with some of the staff but no response.  Of the maybe 9 employees there, we were not attended to for 5 minutes until someone manager looking comes from the back to seat us.

We quickly order some drinks and soon after order an appetizer and the main entrees.  At no time were we given any warning that time would be of any concern.  The appetizer comes in a reasonable time.  We finished off the appetizer in about 10 minutes.  We sat around talking for another 10 minutes and wonder about our entrees (pizza and salmon dish).  At this time there are only 3 other parties in the shop.  One of which was employees eating their dinner.  We finally get an update from our server saying the entrees will be another 2 minutes.  We wait another 5 minutes and I notice finally the manager like guy ask about the order.  Probably because I kept staring at him eating his dinner.  We get another update from our server saying it will be 3 minutes.  The server finally says at this point that the oven was "off" and had to heat up .  At this point we had already considering leaving.  We hesitantly agreed.  We get the food finally 5 minutes later and as I said was fine.  

Come bill time I would have expected another apology for the delay or even a comped item/discount.  But got nada.

I am just a little frustrated about it since we could have gotten a heads up after we finished our appetizer but we were left there trying to guess for ourselves what was going on.  I understand it was near to closing time but we were given no warning.  We would have likely not ordered a pizza.  Which I don't understand why the oven would have been let to cool off since this is a woodfire pizza place and was not yet closed when we came in.  

What would you have done bill time?  Of course we considered to leave no tip but that is not right.  I left a little but not what I would have normally tipped if the service was ok.  Am I out of line?
The Skinny: overall solid if you don't order the pizza that the place is named for(3), service - had varying experiences depending on the time of day (2.5), value - not so good regularly but if you go for happy hour it can be good.

There's something about this place that makes us come back. 

I do not recommend coming here for pizza even though it is a pizza place. I know that may sound strange, but don't do it. The only pizza that is worth trying is the truffle oil/brie pizza - which is rich and umami-ish. Other than that, the pizza is pretty generic and I've definitely had better.

What I do come here for is their mediterranean tapas dishes. Those are yummy. 

I love their pomegranate fattouche salad. There's something about the mixture of parsley, mint, persian cucumbers and tomatoes that sets off the pleasure receptors in my brain. I think its' the combo of sweet and tangy - like a really good balsamic. The crunch of the lavash crouton doesn't hurt either.

Duck tacos are delicious - tender and savoury they hit the spot. I like their mediterranean skewers and their hummus and flat bread although they are not my favourite thing here. (yes! it's by far the salad).

Because we love the tapas and find the pizza only okay, I would recommend happy hour as the best time to come because the tapas are half-price. Sweet!
Sammy's has a good reputation as the familiar place you go to with friends or family, but this location is all wrong. 
The food tastes like it's slapped together. No care whatsoever. 
The presentation is deceiving because it does look nice. 
I've tried the place twice and each time ordered salad and pizza. 
The salad is fine. You can't go wrong here just have to buy and stock fresh ingredients. But the pizza is just horrible. The crust is tasteless, the toppings are deflated and molded into the crust, overall I would say it tastes like frozen pizza.
duck tacos were yummy in my tummy!!
THIS PIZZA WAS THE DOPEST PIE I'VE EVER HAD! WHY AREN'T YOU EATING AT SAMMY's....RIGHT NOW!!

Ok, in all seriousness, my lunch was damn good today. I realize that my Yelp reviews are starting to sound like Kanye West hacked my account.

Popped in for lunch and had the pleasure of joining an "Old School" (kickball reference) with Arlene B. and Katie K....all recent Yelperazzis.

The good:

--Goat Cheese Pizza was perfect! The cheese was the right amount and didn't take over my palate.
--Edamame--Sprinkled with sesame seeds. Nice touch
--The crispy flatbread is delicious and has a nice little spicy kick to it. Ask for it when you get seated.
--The salads look amazing.
--The iced tea is bomb. For realsies.
--Although it was busy for the lunch rush, staff was very attentive.
--Solid menu. Lots of stuff for even the pickiest eater.

The bad:

--I wanted to brag about the pizza and thank Sammy's. I went to their Facebook page. And the wall was private. WTF! So much for taking customer opinions, feedback and such. FB is a good spot to do that. 
--Air conditioning. Although it was somewhat ok inside, I would've liked it to be a bit cooler. It's 110 outside. But then again, that's just me. And I'm not complaining....I'm just saying.

The ugly:

My fat belly. It was happy from my delicious and awesome lunch.

I'm coming back. Many times. And I'd be interested in eating my way through the whole menu.

The Happy Hour looks awesome too!!

Now that you've made it this far...

ISN"T THIS THE DOPEST PLACE EVER!!!
I came here for lunch with my coworkers and the experience was awful. The only good thing I have to say is that the waiter was on the ball with drink refills. 

I ordered the Thai Chicken pizza and it was drowned in cilantro. The crust was thin and rubbery as was the cheese. The pizzas are all individual sized so they are somewhat pricey. It's not worth paying so much money for so little food when there are much better places like Mama Luigis and Grimaldi's near by.
I am trying not to be too biased writing this, I do have the reputation of being a pizza snob. I know a few people who rave about this place, I personally just don't understand what the big deal is. This was the second time I have gone to Sammy's and I both times it has been OK. I ordered the New York Style minus mushrooms, I finished my meal so it's not bad food. The place probably has been hyped higher than it should of been. There are better choices in Vegas so I find it hard to recommend.
If i could give 0 stars i would.  I just left here with some coworkers and not one of us was happy with our pizza.  3 of us purchased the thai chicken pizza.  The pizza had so much cilantro you could barely taste anything else.  

To top everything off , when i bit into my second slice of pizza the chicken still had a decent sized bone , STILL IN IT.   To give them credit , they did comp my pizza and did keep the ice tea flowing , but honestly i will never visit this location again.  

Ive had way better "upscale" pizza at CPK ( California Pizza Kitchen)

Ambiance 4\5
Server 3\5
Food 0\5
Cost 0\5.

Ive chewed 2 pieces of gum and still taste cilantro & 
free choking hazard with every purchase act now !
I am already a fan of Sammy's Woodfired Pizza, enough to the point where I will still dine at this restaurant when I am on vacation in Las Vegas, one of my favorite places! The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance and the staff was very warm and welcoming. The food is as consistently delicious as their other locations (I had the Grilled Shrimp Tacos because I could never get sick of them!). I still would be proud to recommend Sammy's off of Flamingo to the locals in addition to the tourists that visit! Both won't be disappointed.
I was highly impressed by this place. But that does not rally meam ouch as i went into eating here with completely low standards. Also the restaurant was chosen gust because of its close proximate to my house. 

The pizza i ordered was exactly what I expected it to be. My dad ordered a small thai chicken salad and took about a third of it home. The prices seemed about a buck or two too high per item but that is probably how they make their margin. The service was fine and the food tasty but nothing overly impressive to take it out of the three star range and into the superb ranks.
Sammy's pizza is harmonious. What I mean, is that the prices are reasonably balanced with the flavors and quality of the food. For about $12 you can order a pizza that serves two people, with many fresh ingredients. I've also had the salads and appetizers here. 

The coconut shrimp skewers are a little too sweet for me. Since coconut has a lot of natural sugar, it is overkill to serve something coated in it with an even sweeter sauce. I think offering something spicy, maybe with Sriraucha in it would help. 

We usually vary our order, so I've tried just about everything on the menu. I prefer the plain Jane cheese pizza over all the others. This is concerning, since clearly Sammy's isn't specializing in just cheese pizza. 

If I'm feeling too lazy to cook I'll"ll carry out from Sammy's since its close, affordable, and not too greasy. 

The BBQ Chicken pizza is quite good, but you can't go wrong with a classic.
Christmas is a time to be with family and it doesn't matter where you spend it as long as you spend it with loved ones.  We decided to eat at Sammy's Woodfired Pizza since my step dad loves vegetarian pizza and anything vegetables.  We thought that only Asian restaurants were open but luckily they were.

Hosts greeted us with smiles and politeness.  Being Christmas Eve, you'd think they would be miserable working.  After we sat down, we ordered our drinks.  Bread and butter is served as requested since they were conserving - per the menu.  So, we ordered it anyway just because.  

As for dinner our order were as follows:
1.)  Vegetarian Pizza - Trilled eggplant, onions, zucchini, bell peppers, red onions, tomatoes, fontina, with roasted garlic sauce.  
This was surprisingly tasty and delicious.  I can't be more satisfied with how this turned out.  

2.)  Chilled Roast Vegetable Salad - Spinach, fresh mozzarella pearls, Edamame, artichoke, yellow tomato, red bell pepper, onion, basil, lemon, balsamic, extra virgin olive oil.
This was an awesome salad.  For all the vegetarians out there, I'd recommend ordering this as well as the Vegetarian Pizza.  I loved the combination of the vegetables with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  

3.)  Mini Kobe Beef Hamburgers - Kobe Beef with Chipotle aioli.
It was definitely delicious and the bf definitely felt full after the two out of three mini burgers were devoured.  His eyes were definitely bigger than his stomach and couldn't finish it.

We were completely stuffed we couldn't fit any dessert in our tummy.  Normally I don't like the pizza's this restaurant has to offer but I will make an exception to the Vegetarian menu.  :D
Hit happy hour (4-6PM; $2 off beer and wine, 1/2 off all tapas) on a thursday.  Place was busy but had seating available.  We opted for the bar.

Ordered a couple of beers a piece, nice and cold with optional cold pint glass.  Limited selection, we had Peroni and Newcastle.  Food selections:  chicken lettuce wraps- on-point, my favorite item on the tapas menu;  kobe beef hummus- seems weird, and was a little, but tastey, and the flatbread they serve with it is good; lobster bisque- I did not try it but when asked how it was, described as "lobster bisque."  So, seems like "so-so" to me.

Overall, good experience.  Good service.  We were watching the chefs and prep in the kitchen and they were tediously measuring out EVERYTHING- to the ounce.  So, you're going to get consistency here.
Went to Sammy's on a Friday night at 7:45. It was about 70% full and we we were seated immediately . Our server was excellent , super friendly but she was one of only 2 servers working the shift. She said ' management' let the other servers go home. I guess they're running things as lean as possible. I would question the wisdom of this policy. With slightly brisker service we would have ordered more drinks etc, multiply a few drinks by a few tables and you surely make more profit than you would save by sending home a couple of servers an hour early. The manager here is clearly not seeing the bigger picture. 

Anyway the food; We started with Kobe Skewers and Edamame , both excellent . Kids had quesadilla and noodles with grilled chicken. Both veery good indeed. I had chicken pizza on Artisan Crust , very light and tasty. I would recommend but I don't know how they charge $2 extra for the crust . There are many gluten free options on the menu which should suit the followers of Americas latest dietary "trend". 

Overall a good restaurant , not cheap but good food , ambiance , staff , convenient . Worth a look!
Staff is nice, place is clean, food is yummy.  Nothing entirely special or stand out about it but delicious none the less.
Finally, I try Sammy's!  It was well worth the wait.  We arrive around 7pm on a week night.  The place is pretty steady.  We're seated.  So far, so good.  

Our drink orders arrive in a timely manner.  Sip, sip.  Now we have a dilemna, what to order.  I play it safe and get the Garlic Cheese Bread for an appetizer and Caesar salad for an entree.  The fiance orders the Brie Cheese w/Truffle Oil Thin Crust Pizza.  The cheese bread arrives and tastes alright.  Good start!  My salad arrives and looks pretty good--large and fresh.  Bite, munch, chomp, ewwwwwwwwwww.  Looks are deceiving.  I don't know what it was about their dressing but it tasted gross!  Slightly fishy is okay but just gross.  I eat about seven forks-worth to see if the taste would change, nope. Yuck!  The Brie Cheese w/Truffle pizza arrives and looks so-so.  Very bland and overloaded with truffle oil.  Half of it was forcefully eaten.

Our server was pleasant and asked how our food was.  We sincerely replied "It's okay."  She definitely noticed we weren't very happy with the food.  Hmm, kind of disappointing that she offered no remedy.  Later, she asked if she could box up our leftovers but we declined.  She again asked, "Was everything okay?"  We let her know we didn't like the taste of our food, particularly the salad and the pizza.  She apologizes but we  reaffirm with her it's not her fault our taste buds don't agree with Sammy's.  First of all, I really wish she would've offered to substitute another dish since she obviously knew we didn't like our food.  Then, we get our check.  Everything is accounted for, including the wine and two sodas that were ordered.  WTF!  She couldn't even omit the sodas!  Luckily, our bill was small, around $40, all said and done $48 down the tubes.  I should've been a stickler and asked for some sort of compensation but, I just can't be "THAT" person.
I've been to several Sammy's, but this was the first visit to this location.  Though they have the same decor and the same fabulous fabric lights that I love, somehow there is a coldness to this location that I don't feel at the others.  The big advantage to this one is that it's right next door to my favorite froyo - Yogurtland.  

We ordered the same as always:  the Thai chicken salad with the dressing on the side, and a goat cheese pizza.  Considering that the restaurant was nearly empty, it took a very long time to get the food.  And when it finally arrived, the salad had the dressing on it.  That was okay with my husband, who dived right in, but not with me.  So I waited, and waited some more.  By the time the replacement came, my husband was nearly finished and was ready for his pizza.

Both salads seemed larger than we remembered; we always order the small.  Sure enough, when we got the bill, we were charged for a large salad.  What a dippy waitress - couldn't get anything right!

The manager was so nice and accommodating that I bumped it back up to four stars.  And the pizza was delicious!
Simply put, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza has one of the best menus in town!  Their pizza options are great, they have fantastic salads, and their appetizers are stellar.  The deserts are pretty damn bomb too!  And it's hard to improve upon greatness, but Sammy's constantly does by adding new dishes to their menu.

The BBQ Chicken pizza here is awesome!  The best I've ever had.  They also have the best hummus I've ever had from a restaurant.  The mini duck tacos are magnificent as well!  The Thai Chicken salad is one of the greatest salads I've ever chowed down on too.  And as far as deserts...you can't go wrong with the Messy Sundae!

Happy hour here is great!  Everyday from 4-6pm, all appetizers/tapas, beer and wine are half off.  And if you're a LVAC member, show your membership card here to get 20% off of your bill.  

The inside decor is very nice, with a good amount of seating.  There is also outdoor seating for those nice and non-windy days.  The hostess, wait staff, and managers are all very nice and friendly as well.

There are only a few things I would change here to make it a 5-star spot.  First, have beer on draft available.  Draft always beats bottle in taste!  And second, I wish the parking lot was bigger.  There are quite a few stores and restaurants here in this shopping center, and the limited parking can make getting a spot a bit of a chore on certain days and times of the week.
Wow!  Their menu is spectacular!  In comparison to the various other restaurants that serve "pizza and the like," you can't go wrong with the prices and even moreso, the variety of ingredients Sammy's has!

For starters, their mini duck tacos were outstanding!  Whoa, a small biteful that gives your mouth a bang with their feta cheese, tomatoes, cabbage and a creamy tomato-cilantro sauce!  THE KIDS ATE IT!  That's enough for me to say!  Wished I could have eaten more of it...

To give you an idea of what's on the menu for appetizers, there's hummus w/ground kobe beef, Mediterranean or coconut shrimp skewers, baba ghanoush, and Thai chicken satay to name a few.

My husband and I chose their Artisan thin crust pizzas.  His was the Dorothea and Oven Roasted Tomato, made with this aged goat cheese that was to die for!!!  AAHHH!  Delicious!  I had the Brie Cheese with Truffle Oil pizza with sauteed wild mushrooms.  It was tasty, although nothing compared to the Dorothea goat cheese!  Mmmm!  All I can say about mine was that I wished it had more mushrooms on it, and possibly, more of my husband's goat cheese on it!  Hah!  Their woodfired pizza also offer different crusts from whole wheat, to even gluten-free.  The rest of the menu hosts a variety for every diet needs, from vegan to dairy-free selections to the most newest and finer ingredients that outshine most comparable restaurants of this style.

The service was excellent!  Our server was so friendly and polite with us.  She had even offered to bring out their "Messy Sundae" for our 5-year old daughter - it was her birthday dinner here!  We didn't even mention it to our server, but it was kind of her to suggest it!  Of course, it was birthday discounted, so that made it much more nicer of our server!

Although this place looks bar-sy, it's hard to believe that soo many families dine here!  We love it!  This is definitely our new family restaurant!  What's even better, is the fact that they have "Happy Hour" between 4pm and 6pm daily!  50% off of some of their menu items!  This is the reason why we are definitely making a return trip soon!
I often wish Yelp allowed for half stars in their ratings, as I would give this place four and a half for sure. As it is, I'm torn between four and five. Since my meal today was the first dining experience I've had at Sammy's, I'll keep it at four for now, but I'm hopeful the next visit might push it up to five. 

Sammy's has an extensive gluten-free menu and a lot of variety in their offerings, which was one of the main draws for me. I had the outstanding arugula, beet and Gorgonzola salad as a starter. I am not a "salad person" but this really blew me away. My only gripe is that the base was not arugula at all but spinach. The taste was still amazing, but if it says arugula, I expect arugula. I ordered the small size and it was so large it could have easily fed two as an appetizer (in fact, my husband ended up finishing it). 

As a main I had the chicken with asparagus and pine nuts, which was juicy and tender -- just lovely. My husband had the famous duck tacos and lobster bisque; he loved both, but really raved about the tacos. He appreciated that they didn't overwhelm the duck with too many other flavors and let the natural taste of the meat shine through. 

The service was bright, efficient and friendly and Sammy's has a decent wine list as well (we'll have to try their Happy Hour at some point). Can't argue with the prices, either -- good value for the money relative to other Vegas dining spots. 

A quick thanks to the Yelper who recommended signing up for Sammy's Insider E-Club on their website. I did so before we went to the restaurant and got a coupon for a free pizza with the purchase of one entree. I got the gluten-free goat cheese pizza to go. I haven't tried it yet, but it smells like sour cream and onion potato chips -- heaven! Great job, Sammy's. Can't wait to try that Messy Sundae next time.
Never had a bad meal at any location...  The ground beef hummus is the best hummus I've had in my life!  Tonight I tried the coconut shrimp for the first time and I ate the whole thing!   It was outstanding!

The only reason they are losing a star is because we got there around 8:30, they closed at 9:30 and we could feel them trying to get out soon.  At about 9:00 the entire staff of 3 sat down to eat a meal in the restaurant in front of customers.  Our waitress was still very nice and attentive so I don't want to complain about service, but it was a little off-setting.  Could they not have waited another 30 minutes until the restaurant was closed or go in the back and take a few bites?  Not very professional at all and made it feel like we were a burden.

I definitely want to reiterate that despite the hiccup, our service was good and the food was still excellent... Would not keep me from returning by any means or recommending it to friends and family!
As I mentioned on my review for a different Sammys location the Mac & Cheese is a must get when you are here.  In fact you should get it if you are just driving by.  try it and let me know what you think.
Terrible service, came in at 9:27 PM with eight people, place was empty and they said kitchen closes in three minutes and were quite rude!  We left and went to Firefly that was quite busy and had wonderful service and food there!  These place will go out of business because of poor service!
It's not often that I write a negative review. I usually try to find the positives and give a place at least an A-OK. I can't really do that for this Sammy's, unfortunately.

First, the good. I enjoyed the lobster bisque. It had nice chunks of lobster in it, was served at a nice just-barely-too-hot temperature (i.e. room to cool down), and it was creamy and delicious.

That was really the only enjoyable part of the meal. We also ordered a garlic shrimp pizza and a balsamic chicken salad. I couldn't really taste much garlic in the pizza. Actually, the pizza overall was just blah. While it wasn't terrible, it certainly didn't match up with pizza I've had previously at other Sammy's. Perhaps the fact that I was at Grimaldi's just a few days ago didn't help things. Grimaldi's owns Sammy's any day of the week.

As for the chicken salad, it was a huge portion, but it just seemed like it was drenched in that vinaigrette. I couldn't eat much of it before I had to stop. Although we had a lot of salad left over, neither of us wanted to take any of it to go. Strangely enough, the server didn't even ask if we wanted it to go. (Not complaining!)

Speaking of the wait staff, our server was nice enough, but upon entering, it took a while before there was anyone to greet us. We weren't sure if we should just seat ourselves. That's just a minor thing, but when the overall dining experience is sub-par, things like that just stick out.

Walking into Sammy's, I hadn't eaten all day and was starving. Walking out, I was no longer hungry, but I wasn't satisfied either. It's a shame because I remember enjoying the food at the CMYE a few months ago.
I've been to the Sammy's on Sahara before but wanted to try this one out.  It won over Five Guys, a place I still want to splurge upon soon.  The dining room is small but the lighting helps keep it inviting.  My party of four ordered two pizzas - Hawaiian and Garlic Shrimp, both were excellent.  I especially liked the Shrimp pizza.  If you're not a fan of garlic though, choose something else.  The server was competant but seemed a bit impatient as well.  All in all, a great meal and experience.  Highly recommended.
I come to this location often and I have never been disappointed with service or quality of food. I recommend the Garlic Bread and the Chopped Chicken Salad. Loses a star because they no longer offer the half size salad portion. Seems a little cheap on their part.
I love the food at Sammy's, but my overall experience here was very negative! 
I have been to the location on Sahara and the location at Rainbow and 215 and have never had bad service before.

When we first walked in, no one greeted us. It was a Thursday afternoon. About 5 tables inside and no one was on the patio because it was windy. We weren't sure if we should seat ourselves so we stood waiting. I looked at a few servers who passed us by but no one said anything to us. Finally a server told us we seat ourselves. So we asked to wait for a booth they had, it just needed to be clear of cups and trash. The busser literally took 10 minutes to come out. He was very kind, but slow. By now, I was ready to walk out because I work in the service industry. My family member told us we should just wait and see if it gets better so I agreed. We sit and wait yet again. The server didn't come until about another 5 minutes later. She asked if we needed menus. We said yes. So she left, then came back a few minutes later and handed us our menus. The manager was on the phone the whole time while this was going on by the way and looked at us, but did nothing. Our server didn't warmly greet us at all, but said a few words. She just stared at us, waiting for us to order. So I ordered our drinks. She came back with drinks, said nothing. Then asked if we're ready by saying "Ready?" So we decided to order right away after waiting 30 minutes with nothing yet accomplished. The weird thing is that when other people came in after us, the other servers were warm and friendly and actually seated them to the booths. My food came out semi-warm but I ate it anyway because we were starved. Not to metion we ordered my niece her food off the kids menu and asked if we could have her milk after she ate because then she won't eat. The waitress said it doesn't come with a drink and I lifted up the kid's menu to show her. She just stared at us, so I said nevermind. It was really weird. I've ordered take-out a few weeks ago and the hostess treated me better than our server. I always look out for good service because I am a server myself. I would have told the manager at this location about our experience but he was nowhere to be found.

Was very disappointed. Place seemed very unorganized, staff-wise.
I've eaten at Sammy's many times but always allow others to order for me since we generally get pizza.  Well, be prepared for a party in your tummy with the array of yummy goodness Sammy's offer.  One of my absolute favorite was the mini Duck Tacos!  An unexpected surprise of flavorful, crunchy deliciousness.  Oh and don't forget to try the Organic Arugula & Pear Pizza...delish!

This environment is family friendly and offers great service.  I will most definitely be going back.
2 words: " duck tacos!!!"

I could order a bunch of these appetizer duck tacos all day. Pizzas are good too! I personally like the BBQ chicken pizza. Service was ok. I am in the industry as well, so it was good to see management help run food while doing table touches to make sure we were alright.
Awesome service and food! Gotta get the messy sundae!!!
They changed the menu!  My server tried to explain the items they no longer had.  When I complained and said I would come less often (i usually come twice a month) my server, Christopher R, decided to just walk away after chirping "It was changed well over a month ago".

The pizza I decided to order was horrible.  Needless to say based on the change in the menu and the horrible service that I won't be going back anytime soon.
Wow truly the worst place you can go to they don't even have the original plain cheese pizza DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE
Nice little pizza plus place in the burbs of Vegas. A service was great and waiter very attentive. Apps were brought out quickly and lobster bisque was very tasty, chili was so so. Pizzas were very good and plenty enough to even share. Two of us has salads that were massive. Balsamic chicken salad was personal favorite, but plenty of food for table with leftovers to go home. Caught in a downpour and waiter offered to fashion some paper hats for us put of the kids menus. Nice touch
Delicious food, good service!  Great variety of food, something for everyone.  I even tried duck tacos and was pleasantly surprised.  Our waiter, Steve was also very kind and speedy.
Sammy's happy hour is pretty great!  

$2 off beer and wine and 1/2 price all tapas.  

This means 2 people can have a smorgasbord of apps and a drink with tax and tip for around $40.  

We have tried treasures such as the fried tofu, chicken meatballs, babaganoush, hummus, potstickers, parmesan crusted artichokes, and cheesy garlic bread.

The hummus, babaganoush and garlic cheesy bread are HEAVY on the garlic.  I like it very much but it may not be for everyone!

WARNING: The Parmesan crusted artichokes are stuffed with goat cheese; this is not on the menu and serves a nasty surprise for those who do not like goat cheese!

The chicken meatballs come with a delightful side of spicy pickled cucumbers.  yum.  They are a winner.  The fried tofu comes with a tasy miso sauce.  Also very good.  

All in all a good choice for happy hour.  Many items to choose from at bargain prices of $3.50 - $6. and a glass of wine for $5 to wash it all down.  I'm a fan!
Food was great. Service from John was very good as well. They created some excellent dishes that were not on the menu to please our appetite. I appreciate great service, and appreciate the visit from the manager to explain our meal delay, and ensure our comfort and pleasure with the meal at the end!
Delicious! Good food and great happy hour. It is definitely a hot spot for lunch too (besides happy hour).
They changed their menu. When I asked the waiter if they changed their menu he gave me attitude and said, 'well if you have to ask then obviously we changed it.'  First off, I don't need attitude a nice yes let me tell you what is different, would have been better. 

The new menu isn't great. They took off some important items that I liked. The main problem I'm having is they changed their Caesar dressing (one of the reasons I used to go here) and they completely changed their pizza. The crust used to be delicious. Now it's mediocre at best. Their sauce was amazing. Now no flavor. They had good pepperoni and cheese. Not anymore. 

The final problem I have is they are picky about their couponing. Basically for two drinking water you can't get out of there for less than $30 with a coupon. Wait staff not as friendly as before. Prices are too high. And not food isn't good. Probably wont go back :/
A Vegas standard for woodfired pizza for years. I eaten at many of the locations around town and have never been disappointed.

My faves are the beet salad. Yum. The BBQ chicken pizza. Classic Yum. The lobster mac n cheese. Classic double Yum and the Margherita pizza. You can get gluten free crust if you're into that kinda thing. I'm not but I just throw that in here to sound cool.

This particular location is never too crazy busy and always gets the food and service right.
There are two things I crave whenever I go to Sammy's: the arugula & pear pizza and the salted caramel pudding.  I enjoy date nights here and the two of us usually share those two items and are perfectly content for the evening.  They are sooooo delicious and just perfectly satisfying.

This location has one large room with a small bar, tables, and booths.  The restaurant is dimly light and you can feel a draft throughout the restaurant whenever the door opens since it's just one large room.  When you walk in, there is no "Please wait to be seated" sign and there's usually no host/hostess, so we end up waiting around a bit awkwardly until someone notices us and leads us to a table.  Coincidently, we've ended up at the exact same time the last 3 times we were here.

Service has usually been prompt whenever we come here for dinner (around 6-8pm).  Unfortunately, all the tables and booths are pretty close together, so you end up overhearing a lot of conversations, even if you're not trying to. 

Foodwise, I feel like the menu offers a delicious and appealing variety.  As previously stated, the arugula & pear pizza is absolutely delicious, as is the salted caramel pudding.  If you only order two things, make it those!

I gave it 4 stars because of the environment.  Each time we've come here, we've had odd neighbors and overhead many conversations we didn't need to and ended up people watching since most our neighbors were odd people.  I would just try asking for a more private table, if that's possible in a large open room.
Im sort of amazed at how many 1 and 2 star reviews this place has. I have been here multiple times and have not had any problems with the service or the food. The wait staff has always been very friendly with us when we go and the ambiance is really laid back. 

I always order the same thing when I go. The pear and arugula pizza (I know it sounds weird but its soooo good) and the salted caramel pudding. Every time it has been just as good as the last and the pricing is not bad if you don't order alcohol.  For 2 people ordering a pizza with desert and Ice teas cost $28.
I love their Balsamic Chicken Salad! I've always had great service and when I have guests from out of town I always bring them to Sammy's!
This Sammys is great. The service is always awesome and the food is always delicious .  Happy hour is great too! 1/2 off tapas and wine from 3-6  .( which is awesome because i am addicted to their duck tacos!! those are  a must try )   i have a great experience every time i come in to dine for lunch or dinner and i am always treated with excellent service!!!
This is the first time I've been here in YEARS. I opted for a "healthy" option - the Chilled Veg Salad and I added a half a breast of grilled chicken. 
This was a pretty good salad!! LOTS of veggies and a nice dressing/vinaigrette on it. I loved the little mozzarella pearls and ate nearly the entire salad. 
I did ask if they had any lunch combo's like pizza/salad but they DON'T so yeah... Salad it was!
I've eaten at various Sammy's in the past, however this was my first time eating here. We tried to order from here a few weeks prior to no luck as they didn't have some of the menu items I typically order.
We did however order some salads & decided to pass on the happy hour, which is pretty awesome! It's half off tapas & $2 off beers & wines from 3-6pm.
The request was for no cheese on one of the 2 salads. The salad came up for it to be delivered. Either the server didn't put in the special order originally or the chef didn't read the ticket entirely. I overheard the server Steve S. state 'this was ordered w/ no cheese' so the crisis was avoided. The person is allergic to dairy. It was good that we were sitting by the kitchen to over here the avoidance.
Another great experience at Sammys!
I love this place! Truffle pizza, lobstar mac and cheese, and duck tacos. The three things needed after a long day of work. Sign me up anytime and everytime....:)
I am torn on how to review this Sammy's... Why? Not because my dinner wasn't terrific. It was. Sammy's Pizza & Grill is consistently impressing my tummy and the service is always GREAT! I normally visit the Sahara location and I love it so my expectations are set high.
 
So WHY am I torn on how to review it? I had an extremely+friendly+terrific server that seemed a little over-eager to wait on my boyfriend and I. I feel bad saying that, because he really was such a good waiter. Why was he over-eager? When he was taking our drink order, he looked at my iphone and sawI had checked in on Yelp. 

It made me slightly uncomfortable that he looked at my phone; what if I had was doing something private that I wasn't happy to share with my waiter?? He then mentioned his name so I could Yelp about him... And commented on making sure he gave us the best of everything 3/4 times... Shouldn't everyone get the best of everything everyday?? 

FOOD: 5 Stars! I love that you can get all of the wraps with lettuce instead of bread for a healthier option. My boyfriend had the wheat bbq chicken pizza and it was WONDERFUL! Our appetizer of the Satay chicken skewers were also very tasty. 
CLEANLINESS: 5 Stars. The decor in this location is nicer and the tables don't feel overly smushed together despite it being smaller than the other location. 
SERVICE: 4ish Stars: John was a great waiter. He is very outgoing, he brought out fresh ice for our water refills and he definitely isn't against going the extra mile for the guests. BUT he removed my boyfriends fork, said he would bring him another one and never came back... Kinda annoying because he wanted to eat. Also, it really ticked me off that he looked at my cell phone. He made a big deal about Yelp users, which was thoughtful... But I personally like using Yelp because it allows users to review the food/service on an everyday basis... Not on your best behavior.
THEY GO THE EXTRA MILE HERE: Because John saw me check in on my phone, he brought us a HUGE free Ice Cream sundae. Very thoughtful, but my boyfriend couldn't eat it because of his Blood Sugar level, hopefully they fed it to someone so it didn't go to waste. 
PRICE: $35 + $6 Tip=$41 for our pizza, wrap and appetizer. Worth it to us because the food is great and the service is consistently good. It is a step above Applebees price wise, but totally worth it. If you like Firefly, you will love this place! 

I am giving this place 5 stars based on the food and their friendly staff... But honestly I would suggest that the wait staff not make a habit of reading customers' phones. If they are eager for Yelpers to check-in maybe they could offer a check-in deal here for a half priced app or something? I certainly wouldn't be against another chicken Satay :)
Such good food! I love that they have options that will appeal to all my friends with food requirements: Vegen, Gluton Free. The staff is always friendly and it's never a long wait (if any) for lunch service. My favorite is the chilled veggie salad with chicken, whatever they do to those artichokes is incredible!! Prices are a bit high for an everyday lunch spot but for the once and a while treat, this is definitely the place!

They also have a pretty good happy hour, which always makes me happy! :)
Great gluten-free meal options! I ordered the Greek Salad with 1/2 of a chicken breast and it was a generous size. I just found out they also deliver, which is awesome because they are right down the street from where I work. 

The prices are a bit high, but the meal size was so generous that I had leftovers for another meal. My coworkers and I sat on the patio on a hot day and the shade makes it bearable. The service was quick and the server was really nice. 

Great place to go for a sit-down lunch with a group of friends, as there are options for everyone across the board.
Best place ever. Get the mini duck tacos...damn those are so good ...sooooo good :P
Great place to come for lunch with friends. The salads are large enough for two people and they don't mind splitting them if you ask. Get the tropical unsweetened iced tea instead of the regular!!

PROS:
Tropical Iced Tea
Greek Salad
Baba Ganoush
Parmesan Crusted Artichokes
Hummus
Fig, caramelized onions & gorgonzola flatbread (Amazing!)
Strawberry & watermelon salad
Prosciutto & artichoke pizza

CONS:
Chicken Lettuce Cups - to much sauce and too much of a smokey flavor for my taste.
Tapas - priced on the high side.
Great pizza, great tapas, and great pasta! The angel hair pasta is to die for and my other favorite is the greek salad with chicken. The chicken is so tender and juicy lightly grilled on the outside. Yum! Pizzas are small but perf size to get your pizza crave in without feeling overloaded! Water is served cold just how i like it without having to have ice in the cup. Nice dim ambience inside. They also have patio seating! Ask for Emily, shes awesome and is very attentive to your needs and cute!
My first time coming here yesterday.  Me and the sister spent 2 hours at Chuckie Cheese and wanted pizza but not the chuckie cheese pizza..or whatever it is they serve over there, haha. We were promptly seated, our waitress was very nice and saved us some money when we were contemplating ordering by telling us how large the portions are and that we could split the pizza and salad between the 4 of us (me, sister 2 kids)

We started out with a bread basket. It had some sourdough and some crispy cracker like wafers which had a spicy kick to them, yummy!!!   Muy Bueno!

We decided to keep it simple for the kids and get the pepperoni and the chopped chicken salad (sub. ranch dressing over the red wine vinaigrette)   the pizza was great, very crispy crust and the tomato sauce was yummyyyyyy. The pepperoni's were large and tasted fresh. The salad was honestly the star of the show - i love a salad that is chopped and has enough dressing to cover everything, no dry spots in here!!!!!!!

Earlier while ordering we told the waitress we were trying to save room for some frozen yogurt next door and she was nice enough to bring us out a free "messy" sundae. It was HUGE and sooooooooooooo delicious. (I posted a pic)   the kids went cray-cray for it and I can only imagine how bad they were bouncing off the walls when they got home that night from all the sugar...  sorry Sis! hahahahahaha
Some co-workers and I were in the area for work and decided to check out Sammy's. I have been to other locations before but this was my first time at this one. Good service and delicious food as always with Sammy's. This time I tried ordering a salad, since I've only had pizzas and appetizers at Sammy's, and it came out huge! It was literally a mountain of Chinese chicken salad! The salad was tasty and not over-dressed.It's a nice place overall and the waitress was very attentive and kept coming by. I would recommend this location and would definitely return in the future when in the area
We came here for a fundraiser for our school. The pizzas are pretty small and bland. the salads are forgettable also.
Yummy Duck tacos!!!! They are a must have if you come here. Pizza was eh ok, kind of greasy.
On a recent trip to LV a pal suggested we try Sammys. the food with fun, creative and not so strongly flavored that your first action while getting in the car is to grab gum. The salads are good sized and the pizza have a nice balanced flavor. Ask the wait staff for suggestions or any customization you need - they were knowledgeable and very helpful
Let me begin by saying I apologize for the pictures. By the time I took the pictures we had either forgotten and eaten some or we couldn't help it and bit it first :)

Walking in there were a few people but not many for a Sunday. My first time here felt exciting and we were seated quickly. Service was fast and the gentlemen got us our drinks quickly. The guy must have kids because he knew to only fill my kids drink half ways to prevent spilling.

We ordered the crispy fries, lobster Mac n cheese, NY style pizza, and the kids cheese pizza

I asked for my daughters good first an it came within 10 mins. Bonus points. Noticed there was a coupon on the kids menu for the shark reef aquarium, that's cool. She loved it and it was the second time I've ever seen her eat pizza without ranch. 

Our food came a few minute later. Fries first which came with a chipotle aoili sauce. The fries were topped with cheese and herbs and were delicious. Hubby said best fries hands down he's ever had. 

Next was the lobster Mac n cheese. It was good but not great. I found that it was a little too watery and not crunchy enough. Could have used some bread crumbs. I don't think I would order it again

Lastly the NY style pizza.. Which could go either way. It tasted extremely fresh and I loved the tomato sauce. I didn't like that when I picked it up everything wanted to slide off. Messy fo sho. 

The waiter was great at asking how everything was, Accepting our discount and refilling our drinks. 

We couldn't stop there! We ended up going big and getting two desserts. Holy sugar rush! The pink cotton candy was enormous. Once on our table I could barely see my husband. He loved the taste and size but didn't like that they put cocoa powder on the top. He said t wasn't necessary. 

My dessert was the fresh donuts. Loved them paired with the raspberry sauce. Tasted like those stuffed jelly donuts. My fat girl dreams cake true. The chocolate sauce was okay, nothing special. Trust me.. Skip it and ask for extra raspberry sauce

Can't wait to come back and try their daily specials or their happy hour.
Customer service along with great food are primary in any restaurant. In my first time experience with Sammy's at this location, I can give it 4 Stars.

The man who took my order ( should have gotten his name) was naturally friendly and made sure that the timing of my to go order would work for me. That's a first in my take out history. 

The food was on time and the pizza was in box that is better than most I've seen. It kept it nice and hot until I got home. 

I'll go back again soon, to be sure. I won't keep eating pizza's but I'll try other things including a sit down. If it falters I'll amend this or write another review.
My high from this place has worn off and now comes the sad part where you realize you won't be back.

Feeling kind of embarrassed, considering my out of town step dad, a total foodie tried it, and thought it was horrible. I couldn't have agreed with him more.

Order take out. Was told to give them 20 minutes. When we got there the food was Luke warm. Once home, it was cold. Duck tacos were drenched in sauce, the tortillas fell apart when we lifted them. Good but not good enough considering how much we paid for something we had to eat with a spoon. I swear, the lobster Mac n cheese has hardly any lobster. Lastly, the pizza was extremely greasy and cold. Making the cheese gross. The only positive were the fries and that's not saying much.

It's sad cause I was impressed with my first visit and the update was a real bummer.
At first glance, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza looks like any other dining establishment in Las Vegas that's not located on The Strip. But don't let the name or the exterior fool you, this upscale pizza eatery offers an array of culinary delights that tantalize and provoke your taste buds to want more. 

I've eaten at Sammy's on several occasions and continue to go back to try various items on the menus that range from tapas to custom, hand-made pizzas to pastas, salads and to-die-for desserts.  This is definitely a good place to go with friends and split multiple dishes. For starters, try the Mini Duck Tacos, which are garnished with feta, fresh diced tomatoes shredded cabbage and a thick sauce flavored with cilantro. The sauce is pretty creamy, so if you're not a fan of rich things, you should probably shoot for the Pork Dumplings, which are meaty, but light with a thin ponzu chili dipping sauce. 

Another good starter are the Parmesan Crusted Artichokes, which are artichokes lightly dusted with Parmesan cheese to form a thin crust then sprinkled with goat cheese and accompanied by an herb dressing. For an entre, I'd suggest splitting pizza and a salad with a friend. As far as pizza flavors go, Sammy's offers something to please everyone's palette.

For meat lovers the LaDou's Barbeque Chicken is quite delicious especially if you're a cilantro lover. The Goat Cheese pizza is great for those who are trying to lighten their fare. There's also the Artisan Thin Crust pizzas that includes the Yummy Honey Cheese, my absolute favorite, which is a very thin and flaky pastry with savory oregano melded with crumbled sheep's milk cheese and honey.

All woodfired pizzas can be made with gluten-free or whole wheat crust as well as nonfat mozzarella or vegan cheese for an extra cost. 

As far as salad's go, the Caesar is always a great go to and it's not drenched in dressing, which is a plus especially after all of the decadence you've already consumed. But the Original Chopped Chicken salad is also delicious with tart red wine vinaigrette.

If pizza's not your style, and you're looking for a healthier option get the Oak Roasted Chicken Breast, that comes with fingerling potatoes, asparagus and pine nuts - it's a clean, refreshing entre that will fill your belly while keeping your waistline cinched. A not-so-healthy entre option is the Chicken Tequila Fettuccine that has large chunks of bell peppers and red onions, all tossed in a cream sauce made of tequila and lime. 

If you're flying solo, simply pull up a stool at the bar, as the staff is more than appreciative and willing to assist you as well as strike up conversation. Plus, you get a great view of the chefs in the kitchen working the magic of your meal.

Sammy's also caters to large groups by combining tables although the patio is a great option in the spring or fall when the weather is perfect enough to enjoy a glass of wine in the sunshine. With a great selection of wines and a few beers, this pizza joint is anything but average and bring s a bit of class to the usual restaurant.
Sammy's is probably my favorite chain restaurant. The food is consistently good and the menu offers many healthy options that sound and taste delicious. My favorites are the Duck Tacos appetizer and the Baja tacos entree.

Did you know they have cotton candy?? I didn't until recently. The serving looks huge but it's just all fluffy sugar so you can eat it all! Well... I can ... gulp. It's a fun alternative to their messy sundae.

Wait staff is always attentive.  I've been here many times for happy hour and they'll warn me when the time is getting close when the happy hour ends so I can get in another drink or app on the discount.
The food quality has gone down over the years, but they have taken on a new low. We ordered the Cesar salad. It was drenched in dressing and the romaine was limp and old, which was evident from the red pieces. The prosciutto pizza with artichoke is what has kept us returning, but even that was a disappointment. The pizza came out stiff and cracked in pieces because it was so dry. The server had the nerve to act like it was fine, stating they now roll out the dough thinner. We had them remake the pizza, which made it edible, but it was not enjoyable like before. We did enjoy the sliders, earning the 1 star. We watched as our server bussed a table, dropping glass on the floor. We were appalled that none of his coworkers came by to help, especially considering the hazard it posed. This place attracts a lot of families with small children because of the cotton candy and messy sundae. Parents beware... When the bill arrived for over $30 it just added to the pain of our visit. We couldn't wait to get out of here!
I love Sammy's Balsamic Grilled Salad. I also recommend the Chinese Chicken Salad. And while I'm not a big fan of chain, I do like Sammy's.   The Flamingo location is not as crowded as it others I have gone to, but I guess it's early.   Was greeted right when i walked in the door which is a huge plus and doesn't always happen.
This is the best neighborhood joint.  Such nice staff. Got greeted immediately and had a nice server named Samantha.  We didn't even realize that they had a happy hour since we haven't been here in awhile but we came at the right time (3-6pm every day) and got the duck tacos (AMAZING!) baba ganoush (sp? Haha) & the Japanese meatballs.  Such a good little tapas stop.  
Glad we revisited this place after not having stopped back in awhile. Forgot they had all these amazing options besides pizza.  

*** please remember to tip on the total amount  before the discount was taken out.  They're giving us a discount so let's repay the "happy hour" by making the server happy and tipping them on what they would have gotten before the discount was applied! ***
I ordered some cookies to have sent out for a party I was having, and they were a huge hit!! The Maple Snickerdoodles, Peanut Butters, Pecan Pie Bars and Mexican Lime Margaritas were all incredible. I personally made sure to have at least 3 of each. (*Sad, but true.. and oh so good!*) The Butter Oaties and Brownie Crinkles were big hits with the in-laws. Omei did an awesome job assembling secure boxes and the cookies got to us in great shape. Wish I lived closer so I could indulge in these more often!! :)
I don't care HOW good they are, if she really, normally charges $14.00 for SIX of these MINI-muffins . . . That is VERY sad.  What a RIP-OFF!

I could not believe when she brought them out and I saw how small they were.  The first six were 2 1/2" and the second six were even SMALLER, they weren't even 2 1/4" in diameter.  

Paradise Bakery has MUCH better muffins, for a LOT less.  Don't waste your time.
Just really, really good coffee!  Good smiley service too!!

I am a latte' purist, don't give me flavors, non-fat milk or fancy sweeteners in my latte'!!  I want 4% milk and good coffee to stand up to the milk!  Terra Java's proprietary blend is the bomb!

You can also find housemade baked goods from Chef O' that are to die for!!  She specializes in gluten free baked goods and eats too!
Not sure what happened - I stopped by in the middle of the day, during the week.

No "hello" or "welcome", no "thanks", no "good-bye", no "can I get you anything else?".  I think all the cashier/barista said was "OK" when I told her my order of a mint-lemonade and paid.  I think it goes without saying that all else I got was a scowl.

After my order, she kindly set my drink down on the finished drinks area with nary a word.  As a first time visitor I figured out where my drink was, a few minutes later, as she was nowhere to be found to ask "hey, where's my drink??".

The space is decent, though the leather couches have certainly seen better days. Plenty of books to gaze upon while enjoying your beverage, but essentially no other positives as far as I can tell.

I will certainly never return.
Formerly known as Mama Java's, the place has undergone a face lift and now offers a much larger food menu, full of good stuff for breakfast or lunch.

Comfortable hangout with ample seating and parking, free wifi, outlets, etc.  Great place to relax, escape the heat and get your caffeine fix.

After a brief experiment of staying open late, TJ is back to their old closing time of 6 p.m.  Night owls need look elsewhere.  Hoot.
This use to be one of my favorite places when it was Mama Java's.  This was the first time I have been in there siince it changed ownership and names.  Place is not nearly the same.  Service was friendly but extremely slow and very disorganized.  I waited in line behind a few people for nearly 10 minutes and ordered a coffee and bagel sandwich.  Got my coffee and had to wait another 5-10 minutes before they even started making the sandwich.  I watched in disbelief as the person who was handling money etc as the cashier started to make my food with his bare hands.  This is a major health code violation (cross containimation) so I requested my money back.  They have also raised their prices and it was way overpriced in my opinion.

Not the same experience I use to have when it was Mama Java's.  I recommend statying away and  will not be returning.
Usually really good cappuccinos, and their baked goods are pretty good.  But they need to clean out their toaster and stop burning toast.  And this last time the cappuccino was terrible - bitter, too hot, terrible foam.  I brought it back and not only did the barrista give me excuses about how its so busy in the morning (a ridiculous excuse because we always come in the morning, and it wasn't that busy), and then had the gall to charge me to get a regular drip coffee.
Cozy and comfortable place to relax, have some java  and have a healthy snack. MG
My faves: pumpkin spice latte (with almond milk); the Wow bar (Gfree, vegan and low glycemic) & the gluten free coffee cake, gluten free pumpkin scone and other tasty Gfree treats.
Was a fan before (when it was Mama Java's) and I am a fan now!  I really dig what they have done with the place.  Gave it a bit of a facelift:)  In addition to having tasty coffee/non-coffee beverages, they also have a nice assortment of house-made pastries (some vegan and/or gluten-free), tasty breakfast scrambles, quiche, a granola waffle?!, lunch sandwiches, artwork, and more!  

The peeps behind the counter are delightful and they always have decent tunes playing out over the rooms.  They keep things green by using an ipad as the register, with the option of receiving your receipt by way of email.  Who doesn't love hugging a tree when they purchase a cup of joe?

It's really a great neighborhood hang spot whether you're looking to chill out with a cup and a book or have a mini business meeting or catch up with old friends.
I'm always hunting for a good, locally owned coffee shop. 

This one didn't disappoint! I love how Terra Java is tucked in this little strip mall. It's got some pretty nice character. 

I was with my wife and sister when I stopped in for a quick drink. As we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the barista. She was genuinely nice and very pleasant. 

I liked the mismatched decor inside. It didn't feel very trendy or hipster-y, but very comfortable and laid back. There were several people inside working on their laptops, so I assume this place has wi-fi. 

Our drink orders were taken very quickly and the barista really sold us on the pastries. She basically said everything was good, so each of us got three different things. They all looked like they were made in house. Very moist, very good, and reasonably priced. 

If you're looking for a quiet place to sip your coffee and have a nice treat without the corporate Starbucks atmosphere, I'd go here!
I have been here a few times over the years (formerly Mama Java) and was never too impressed. For whatever reason now that it is Terra Java, I am very pleased.

They offer a variety of milks (including rice milk) which is unique and a huge plus for someone like me who prefers alternate milks but tries to avoid too much soy. They also have vegan and gluten-free options when it comes to food and baked goods and with the growing number of health issues I find that to be very comforting.

One of the baristas recommended their spicy chai and now I'm addicted. It is very refreshing and has quite the kick to it. Makes for a brilliant dirty chai and I appreciate that it is a locally made reduction - much better than paying $5 for powdered milk w/ spices or Oregon chai that I could buy and make myself.

Overall, great little hang out. Always a friendly staff and quiet crowd.
I have been a regular at Mama Java's and now Terra Java's for the better part of a decade since I have lived in the Arcadia/Biltmore area.  Since becoming Terra Java, the place has undergone a pretty great transformation.  I love the neighborhood coffee shop vibe and Terra Java offers a wide variety of coffee, tea and other delicious drinks to suit a variety of patrons.  

They have modernized the place a little, but it still has a great old vibe with the wooden tables and its general look and feel.   They feature local artwork and crafts that are always interesting. There is a variety of healthy snacks, treats and some more filling options (sandwiches) available.   I always like the baked oatmeal.  I have tried to make this at home but it never turns out as well.    

They have remained true to their coffee shop roots here. The prices are reasonable and if you let them know you'll be hanging around for awhile, they'll save your tea leaves and give you a refill later!!  (Warning, you will smell like coffee when you leave this place!!  =) )

I come hang out and work from here for a few afternoons a month.  Free Wi-fi is available, and it's a pretty quiet place with some mellow tunes playing in the background.  Unless you catch live music or the storytellers club here, it's a great place to hang out and get some work done. The events are cool too, if you can come to watch and be entertained.

With all of that said, I recently had a bad experience here with a staff member being very rude to me.  I  called the Manager and spoke with her on the phone about the issue and she apologized and said that she did not condone the behavior of her staff member.   As a regular customer over the years,  I fully recognize that one bad experience with one particular staff member in about a decade  doesn't warrant a terrible review.   Nonetheless, Terra Java has some work to do to earn back my business.
Nice place for coffee and hang out with friends. A little warm sometimes though. Nice people and good service
I like this place. It's quiet and not crowded so I can use their Wi-Fi and get work done. Good coffee, good treats.
I always enjoy chatting with the counter staff.  They are friendly.  The coffee cups have shrunk since it was Mama Javas.  Large isn't so large anymore.  Charging $.50 for almond milk instead of cream in my coffee is petty.   I stop in occasionally because of convenience.
Great place to chill and do work. Coffee and Tea is pretty good but food and customer service definitely needs improvement. Eat before you go!
Coffee was delicious and baked good was moist and flavorful...had the carrot cake muffin. Both the girl and guy that worked there were very friendly and good hearted. Nothing fancy pants ambience-wise but background music was good and they support local artists.  Good spot to study/do work.
Super casual laid back atmosphere. Grab your book, laptop or tablet, order a cup of Joe and curl up on the cozy sofa. Check in on Yelp and you get a free cookie!
Love Terra Java! My soy chai latte was hot and delicious, and the atmosphere provided by the open mic was fantastic--it's the first wednesday of each month, from 6-8pm.
This is a nice cafe. Plenty of space. Their coffee is top notch and their baristas are quite talented.
Barista Bobby K. makes my son epic hot chocolates. And for me, the best double latte in town!
Tasty coffees made with care. Food like it was made at home. A nice alternative to chain coffee joints.
Most expensive iced coffee and baked goods in the city. $7.00 for an iced coffee and a cookie ($3.50 each), and then the internet wasn't even working. It was quiet when I went, mid afternoon on a weekday, so if the internet had been working it would have been a fairly pleasant place to study. As it was, and given the inflated prices, I won't be going back.
This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale, in the Optima Camelview Village on the North West side of Highland Avenue off Scottsdale Road. 

Their website does not give an actual address because unfortunately, the building complex's address would lead you a block north of the restaurant. Dining at this restaurant is well worth the address confusion though. 

My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday night) for dinner. There is free parking in the underground garage, and you walk up the drive to street level. Nourish is conveniently located near the entrance of the complex next to the garage. The space has a light, airy feeling with plenty of shaded outdoor seating and breezy indoor seating. 

The menu includes seafood, meat dishes, vegan dishes, gluten-free meals, appetizers, desserts and a full bar. 

I got a salmon burger on bed of greens with sweet potato fries and my boyfriend got steamed teriyaki brown rice bowl with broccoli, snap peas, carrots, cashews and chicken. 

Both meals were amazingly good! My salmon burger had a lemon herbed aioli that blended wonderfully with the flavors. So very good.

After dinner our friendly waitress suggested ice cream for dessert. I can't eat dairy, so I started my usual deflection. She reassured me that it's made with coconut milk, so we ordered it. Chocolate Chai coconut milk ice cream. Oh, yum! Just the right amount for the two of us to share for dessert. Next time I'm trying the apple pie. 

I highly recommend this restaurant for meat eaters and veggies alike. There are plenty of tasty gluten-free and vegan choices as well.
While randomly searching the internet for 'Vegan restaurant Scottsdale', I stumbled upon Nourish. Nourish is a new restaurant that has only been open a couple weeks. What I love about their menu is that they denote vegan menu items.

Nourish Menu 
http://nourish123.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/menu-nourish-updated1.pdf

10 of their 12 starters, sides and snacks are vegan (11 are vegetarian)
5 of their 7 soups and salads are vegan (6 are vegetarian)
All beverages are vegan
1 of their 6 sandwiches are vegan (3 are vegetarian)
All 3 Non-beef burgers are vegan
1 of their 7 entrees is vegan (4 are vegetarian)
They rotate their desserts, including vegan selections

Today we decided to get take-out to eat by the pool, since it is such a lovely day. We both ordered the sweet teriyaki burgers.

The burger is an amazing combination of chickpea, sweet potato and black beans with a slightly spicy seasoning. It is served with air-fried (without oil) crispy sweet potato waffle fries. The fries are seriously crave-worthy. They are seasoned with cinnamon, which I thought was a surprisingly good flavor combo. The burger is normally served on a bed of greens, but we got ours on multi-grain buns (lucky for us). I can't imagine this burger without the bun; the bun was the perfect compliment to the burger. We got the teriyaki sauce on the side, along with a garlic dressing that I didn't see mentioned on the menu and they were both awesome. The burger came with cucumber, tomato, onion and lettuce.

We decided to try the Ogave sodas and they were awesome. We had the cola and mandarin key lime flavors.

We asked about vegan desserts and sprung for some vegan chocolate chai ice cream. OMFG. The ice cream, which is made with coconut milk, was probably the most amazing flavor of ice cream I have ever had. The take-home container had 4 baby scoops...I could have eaten like 2000 scoops of it. It was so good that I want to go buy an ice cream maker just to try to recreate the flavor at home.

This new restaurant will be seeing a lot of me....I already want to go back for 2nds. ;)
Holy crap. Not only is this place in an awesome location but it has one of the few menus that I literally could not decide what I wanted to eat.  It's a strange little corner spot that Nourish occupies and the layout is a bit on the minimalist side but that's okay.  They have a nice patio and their air conditioning system does a good job keeping you cool inside.  The hostess and waitresses were all very nice and helpful and really everything is very appealing about this place when you come in.

Now let's get down to the food.  So many things to choose from.  We started with some Mac & cheese and with a bowl of chili.  The mac & cheese is not your creamy style but rather the crunchy kind.  That's not really what I want when I order mac & cheese but this stuff was really tasty.  The Three Bean Chili was REALLY good.  It was pretty spicy though, so be prepared.

For my entree I went with the Spicy Southwest Burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  I had the burger on a challah knot.  It was a strange compound of potatoes & beans made into a patty topped with avocado and cucumbers.  Sounds weird but it totally worked.  I would order extra cucumbers next time.  The satisfying crunch of them breaks up the soft textures of the potatoes, beans, and avocado.  The challah knot bun was AWESOME and one of the best pieces of bread I've ever had.

Finally, the masterpiece of Nourish is their Sweet Potato Fries.  I will go on record as claiming these to be THE BEST sweet potato fries in the valley.  That means BETTER than Fez and WAY better than Delux.  They are air fried which means they are healthier than your normal fries & they are lightly covered in cinnamon (and something else I can't quite decide).  The thing that makes them so great is their accompanying side of dipping sauce.  I don't know what it is or what god they had to kill to procure it, but it should be bottled and sold.  The combination of the two makes Nourish worth the stop if only for a mid-shopping trip snack.

You don't have to be a vegan to come here but at least it is a place you can go and get normal food & keep your friend's dietary needs in mind.  Check it out.
This restaurant is fantastic.  The food is wonderful.  The location and outdoor patios are great.  There is a private room for parties.  The food is amazing is a great place to go if you have food sensitivities.

Pretty much everything on the menu is or can be Gluten Free.  This place is a must stop for Celiacs and the gluten intolerant.

Bravo.
Nourish is one of those places I recently found that I'm hesitant to share on Yelp because I selfishly don't want them to get so crowded that I'll have to wait for a table when I go... 

A friend of mine who lives in the Optima told me about "this new healthy restaurant that opened up" recently, and I couldn't wait to try it. Jared and I went in for dinner last Friday night and were both extremely pleased... we both loved the casual environment, friendly service, and of course the incredibly fresh and healthy food.  

We worked up an appetite by taking a bike ride prior to our visit and we were both starving when we arrived.  We pretty much ordered one of everything on the menu.  OK... that may be a bit of an exaggeration, but we did have the following:

1 x chunky sweet potato and avocado salad - (one of my favorite things that we tried)
1 x quinoa salad 
1 x confetti veggies of the day 
2 x seared sashimi-grade ahi tuna 
1 x salmon burger with peppered air-fried, no oil, sweet potato fries
1 x steamed teriyaki wild rice bowl with chicken
2 x flavored water of the day (it happened to be blackberry that night)

And as if that wasn't enough food for our first visit, we ended up purchasing two orders of quiche so we would have breakfast the next morning... and guess what? We finished everything we ordered and enjoyed it all!

To top off the experience, we got a chance to meet Kirstin, the owner, and she was extremely sweet.  She told us about how she came up with the idea for the restaurant and all of the planning and hard work that went into it.  Judging by our experience that night and the reviews so far, Kirstin's work is paying off... 

Jared actually went back for lunch today and I was jealous!  But I am excited to go back to "nourish" myself very soon.  

A few additional notes:
*There is a bar with plenty of outlets set up so bring your computer and have a working lunch... they've got WiFi too!
*There is a long list of wine, beer, and cocktails.
*Parking is kind of annoying... park underground and walk up.
*There is a dog friendly patio!
*They are closed on Mondays.
*They offer personalized healthy meal plans.
*Catering is also available.
I have a new favorite restaurant!

I had heard about this place because my sister had interviewed for a hostess position early this spring before the place had opened. She ended up taking another job, but she told me how beautiful the place was going to be and how health conscious and vegetarian/vegan friendly it was. I was excited to hear of a place like that finally opening in the East Valley. I love me some Green- but most of that place is vegan junk food and not so healthy (albeit delicious).

I had the Teriyaki burger, which was yummy and very flavorful. I spared myself the carbs and had it on the field greens, but I sort of wish I would have went with the bun after reading some reviews.

I even went with a very NON vegetarian, and he ended up really happy with his burger. Seems like this place has something for everyone.

I just had water, but the oogave sodas and all the drinks looked tasty. Maybe next time. Also on the agenda for next time is the deserts!

I'll be back for sure- it was great leaving from dinner and not feeling disgusting or suffering from gut-rot.
I wasn't super impressed. I thought the decor was sorta cool looking, but it smelled funny inside the restaurant... perhaps that's what healthy smells like. The menus were wrinkled dirty pieces of paper printed out on an HP inkjet, stapled together awkwardly and reused ten too many times. 

I didn't see much of anything on the menu that sparked my interest, but I got a burger anyway. I could tell it was quality meat and the bread was tasty but dense and thick. I sampled some sweet potato fries and though I'm not a fan, they actually tasted like sweet potato. It would seem that this place at least tries to live up to its image and the food here is quality. 

Those positives aside, I was almost set to give this place a 1 or 2 because the kid that served us was sort of a dick. He wouldn't look me in the eye or take my order - we had to chase him down to order something. Maybe he just rubbed me the wrong way. Perhaps he thought I was an asshole too. Hell, he probably grabbed on his balls and then touched all over my burger - which would make it extra funny to him that I said it tasted good. 

However you slice it, we went through our glasses of tap water down to chewing on the last bits of ice and he never once offered to refill them. He also just sucked at his job. Though there was a table of 6 hot young girls that seemed to be getting ample attention. Hmm...

I left a lousy tip - something I pretty much never do... I usually even tip well when the service sucked. Might be in case I go back and don't want to get my food covered in balls. I don't plan on returning to this place. 

Location-wise, it's a gorgeous spot off a not-too busy street. I still haven't figured out where I'm supposed to park, so I park illegally across the street at the motel.

p.s. I tried to get through this entire review without using the word pretentious to describe this place - aww crap, guess I sorta just did.
Clearly I ordered the wrong thing judging from the other reviews.  

I had the Chicken sandwich and fries.  The best part was the bread, which was delicious.  Fries were cold and soft.  I'm not sure if that was on purpose or not. 

I like the concept.  Would probably give this place one more try with a different menu item.
Service sucks and food takes WAY too long. 

Unlike the drawn out, obviously affiliated reviews on Nourish, I will give it to you straight. I am a resident at Optima Camelview, the condo complex in which this restaurant is located. I've been there a total of 3 times. The first time I came in, I placed a simple to-go order for a salad. It took them 5 minutes to enter my order into the computer, and another 20 minutes for the salad to come out (a salad without any type of grilled meat) even though the restaurant was empty. Ok, they just opened, I let that one slide. Both the second and third times were very similar. The third time, today, my father and I came in and ordered two soups TO START and a salad and a burger. It took 35 minutes for any food to hit the table and it all came out at the same time. Soups were barely warm, burger was well done (asked for MR) and waters were empty the entire time we were waiting. We even said something to the server and nothing was done. If the owner (who was in house) would have at least said something to us, it could have stopped me from writing this review. I HAVE SERVED FOR MANY YEARS IN EVERY TYPE OF RESTAURANT and have never seen such disorganization and lack of customer service. Don't give these people your money.
My food tasted healthy.  Kind of a back-handed compliment isn't it?

We had dinner at Nourish this week.  It's a cool space in the Optima Camelview condo development.  The restaurant has a nice contemporary decor like the rest of the building.

We had the appetizer with ahi tuna, hummus, quinoa and avocado/sweet potato selections.  I liked all of them and thought it was a nice way to start the meal.

I ordered the apricot chipotle glazed turkey meatloaf.  The glaze was really tasty but the meatloaf was bland.  The plain broccoli and mashed sweet potatoes were average as well.

The service was prompt and friendly.  It's nice to be able to support an independent owner-operated restaurant like Nourish.  It's great to see someone providing a healthy dining alternative.
Eating healthy and eating out very rarely mesh well together. If presented with the choice of something like a 'Prime Rib Sandwich with Garlic Shoestring Fries' or a 'Roasted Chicken Salad'...there are very few people who would pick the salad over the sandwich under their own free will (excluding people who are under the influence of the newest greatest dieting trend). 

My girl and I try to eat healthy...we'll avoid anything that's too over the top; and we strive to find places that focus on being fresh and not overly greasy. That being said, there are limited choices when looking for establishments that cook up low fat food that doesn't taste like old cardboard. 

Nourish is definitely going for that niche...the health conscious foodie. In addition they offer pretty extensive options for people on Gluten free diets and Vegans. Don't get scared away though, there's still plenty of options for the rest of us. We tried a few things here; the burger and the tenderloin grilled cheese sandwich. Both don't sound healthy, so I know I'm going against everything I just said about the place; but both meals were very fresh tasting and had zero grease or fat; the food tasted healthy...there's an obvious difference in the type of lean meat used and in the cooking process if you were to compare it to a normal burger at a place like Chilis. It's like night and day. Also their sweet potato fries were quite tasty and were cooked in some way I don't completely understand (air popped?). 

All this being said...the food didn't knock our socks off, but it was good for what it was...and for being on the healthier side, I can forgive it a bit. It was a perfectly good meal, and we felt great afterwards...that's more than I can say about a lot of other places we've left bloated and greased out from.

One quick downside to mention is the parking. It's pretty confusing. If you can find the entrance to the underground parking you have to pretty much sprial around this maze of parking spots looking for a 'guest spot', and once you find one you'll have to navigate through the Optima Condo area looking for Nourish...I'm still not quite sure how to find it...we just kind of stumbled into it; so good luck on that. 

P.S. Flavored water...some people have mentioned it...the menu talks about it; I don't think ours was flavored at all...not sure if they were out of it or if the flavoring was so mild we just didn't notice...hmm.

3.75/5.
First things first. . .I have made the following startling and relatively disturbing observation: Most of the healthy/veggie-friendly restaurants I've visited in the last several months have a penchant for piping horrible soft rock music (dare I say "elevatorish") music into the unsuspecting ears of their patrons. Seriously. Just a coincidence? I hope so. Nourish was no exception. Hello, Michael Bolton. 

As for the food, it was pretty darn good. Granted this may have been because we had been flirting with mostly raw veganism for several days and were st-aaaa-rrrr-ving. We started with chips and mango salsa, which were quite delicious. Nothing of note, but still tasty. For entrees, we ordered the burgers- teriyaki and southwestern. Both on a bed of greens (sans buns). Both were good, although I preferred the teriyaki. The air fried sweet potato fries served with some sort of apricot sauce were completely delicious! We were also pleasantly surprised by the cucumber flavored water- very refreshing. 

Sadly, the lackluster service we received knocks this place from a solid four star rating down to a three (and I'm being generous here!). They didn't seem to be understaffed at all, and we sat for maybe 15 minutes before being greeted and this slower-than-mollases service continued throughout the experience. We waited for what seemed like an eternity for our bill and even after asking the hostess and bartender both to locate our server, we continued to wait another 10 minutes or so. When she finally arrived with our bill, our server explained that she'd been MIA for the last view minutes due to an issue for the kitchen. While I fully understand that, it doesn't explain her lack of attentiveness for the entire time we were there. 

In short: 
food=good 
service= slower than slow and lackluster 
music= almost intolerable 

With a new playlist and some customer service training for the servers, Nourish could be up to four stars in no time!
oyy a miss for me on this one! 

I heard about Nourish a few weeks ago and have been meaning to try it...I happened to be in the nabe yesterday early evening and decided to go in. The place is huge but was completely empty...we were welcomed nicely. 

It is vegetarian, vegan, lactose and gluten-free...the menu looked AWESOME - lots of options and great concepts... as I was looking it over, I was already drafting an enthusiastic e-mail in my mind to all my friends who happen to be vegetarian and vegan...and then I saw the note that stands on each table enumerating what nourish is all about:

"everything only sweetened with agave nectar" (omg must come here for lunch tomorrow)

"coconut milk instead of cream" (omg Chrissy's bday party must happen here!!)

"our sweet potato fries our air fried no oil! (July 4th weekend at Nourish!!)

I was having a pretty good time in my head until the food arrived...
we started with the garlic/artichoke hummus:
disappointing: it was very small and came with three pieces of sad, wilted old and dirty looking cucumbers and carrots. Surprising as a veggie place you would think that the focus would be on the vegetables being fresh, colorful and appetizing! not so!

next the "kitchen sink" salad with grilled chicken - again a huge miss!  veggies were old, wilted and just sad - chicken was NOT grilled rather that white/diced chicken thing with the bad after taste yuck! (I know its not the most original choice but IT IS a veggie place after all so I thought the salad would be the star...too bad it didn't even get into the local theatre school!!!)

my husband ordered the garlic/lemon chicken on quinoa salad - more flavorful than mine... but SO small! yes that's another thing.. the portions are tiny - the entree portions look like appetizers...

Things went from bad to worse when our waitress started ignoring us towards the end... I was still hungry after my sad salad so I ordered some of them air fried sweet potato fries... ehhh... and I asked for some ketchup and it took her 1/2 hour to get it to me - she came out six times - yup SIX doing other errands before she got me my ketchup even though we were practically the only ones in the place...

by the time we paid our check... my " imaginary" e-mail to my friends  went from enthusiastic to delete!

I'll "nourish" myself elsewhere thank you... dinner  and "bachelorette" at my place???
It deeply saddens me to have to write a review like this for a restaurant that finally offers a menu from which I have choices. I am a vegan and self-professed health nut and was very much looking forward to trying absolutely everything on this menu. Now that I've tried a good chunk of it, my heart has drifted from the illusion that a swanky atmosphere and a menu dotted with "gf"s and "v"s will always be indicative of sheer, healthy brilliance. Nay.

My first visit was the height of the romance. I was so excited by the idea of choice that I tried as much as I could on a mildly empty stomach - the confetti veggies, salsa of the day, and mango avocado salad...at the time my enthusiasm tricked me into thinking it was all light and delicious, but as I walked away I had to be honest with myself. There was hardly anything on that confetti veggie salad, the salsa tasted like it came from a jar with some pineapple chunks thrown in, and they forgot to include the "Nourish Energy Mix" greens in my spicy mango avocado salad. This girl likes greens, what do I have to do to get a little leaf around here?

I was willing to clear the slate for my second visit. I wanted to try more items and have a better experience. This is a new joint and I am a new customer, I wanted to be a patron! Nay. To advertise that their bacon has no nitrates but then to use sulfured apricots in the quinoa salad - I don't know how to convey my confusion. The fruit salad looked like it came from the bottom of a bowl that had been sitting for 2 days - pink pineapple and brown kiwi. What really got to me was the "wild rice" - I'm from Minnesota, home of wild rice, and this is not wild rice. This is brown rice with a few wild grains studded throughout and it was so salty that it tasted like it came from a Rice a Roni box. I'm so sad that I wrote that, but it's true!

I'll sign off on a more positive note...the sweet potato fries were delicious and light. I have not tried the sandwiches or burgers yet, mostly because the portions looked huge. But I will probably come back to try one for the sake of having a complete experience. I wish for a better representation of what healthy cuisine has to offer - I know the spirit of Nourish is on the right track. I just hope the deliver catches up.
YES YES YES.

YES.

Acai martini: delicious.
Four-choice appetizer platter featuring hummus (yum!), ahi (meat??), mac and cheese (with lots of veggies and a super-homey casserole vibe) and those non-fried sweet potato fries (which were actually brown around the edges?? Hallelujah!!) 
Eggplant parmesan - so perfect. I guarantee you can't tell the difference between this one and the deep-fried nightmare that normally is what eggplant parm is. 

Here's the thing - I'm a total carnivore, and I'm also someone who starts thinking about my next meal as early as while I'm still eating my current meal. Not this time! This was an almost completely meat-free night and I stayed full for the remainder of the evening! 

Excellent, friendly service as well!
After so much initial Yelp praise, I decided to drop into Nourish to give it a shot. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan or glucose or lactose free, but I am a pretty healthy eater and enjoy delicious food that also happens to be good for you. Nourish seemed like it fit a great need for its niche -- the only similar place I can think of is True Food -- but it fell flat. For starters, it's a good thing they have flavored waters, because their regular water tasted funky. Salads are very tasty but super small - appetizer portions at entree prices. Sandwiches are a much better value, but you can find better at many other places. The sweet potato fries aren't bad, for being "air fried." Without that caveat, head-to-head against real fries, not so much (and, come on, isn't ordering sweet potato fries over regular ones already being good enough?!). I will say that the dipping sauce that accompanies the fries is delicious! The setting is very casual and comfortable, and the service was great, but it's the food that brings someone back for a second time...and I can't say I plan on returning.
Dear Kristin, Brittany, and Chef Dan -
Thanks for making our weekly fete so fun, so delightful, so *nourishing*! The avocado sweet potato salad was delicate and flavorful; the hummus lemony and creamy (I didn't know that it had artichokes in it! Yum!); I loved the texture and heartiness of the quinoa salad! Brittany, your wine suggestion was perfect to complement my tapas selection and my sister's refreshingly light chicken salad sandwich. As I told you, Dan and Kristin, the mac & cheese was really terrific - but it needs a different title - maybe "mecca and cheese"? By far, the best dessert is the lemon meringue pie, although we would have liked to try the cheesecakes, which were not available when we visited. The apple pie was not our favorite, but we are traditionalists, so there's that. The service was wonderful, and it was a real treat, Chef Dan and Kristin, to chat it up with you. We'll be back, with the rest of our foodie friends, again and again to enjoy all of your offerings, because there are THAT many! Best regards, S, L & J.
This place is a breath of fresh air. I was initially nervous, because the concept looked way too healthy to have a chance of tasting good. Boy was I wrong. I've been back three times now, and each time the food has been excellent.

My favorites include the cucumber water, spicy mango salad, sweet potatoe fries, and seared ahi.

The staff is very friendly, and service is right on. Look for me there because I'm sure to be a frequent patron!
Lunch - 20100708

Rice Bowl goodness - Kirstin recommended the Rice Bowl and it was really delicious.  The veggies had a fresh picked taste and the cashews were a perfect match when mixed with the rice. I really enjoyed my lunch (again) and look forward to trying the cucumber soup next week.

For dessert I ordered the apple pie to go.  Unfortunately I didn't heat it up as recommended, but it was still good. Definitely eat the pie warm!  

See you next time!
Wait, you passed it.  Turn around. OK, now where to park? Valet or the garage underneath the restaurant? Now that I've found a space where are the signs to get upstairs to the restaurant. 

Once you get through finding the place, parking, going upstairs all the work will be worth it. 

The sweet potato fries aren't fried, they taste better than the alternative and they're the reason I'm going to keep coming back. I started with the sweet potato avocado salad that had the perfect texture. The agave nectar soda is guilt free and so good. 

The best thing is, even though I'm vegan, my friends who eat there love the burgers and the fact that everyone can get the best of both worlds. It's not just True Food Kitchen anymore.
My friend and I went to Nourish after hearing the buzz about it. We ordered a variety of dishes (we figured based on the price, they had to be pretty small). We ordered the following: 

Quinoa salad - good flavor, liked seasoning and the dried apricots

Healthy Mac and Cheese - ordered this because I thought I remembered reading good things. It was too healthy tasting. Wouldn't order again. 

Chunky Sweet Potato and Avocado Salad - tossed in sweet soy dressing. I always like sweet potatoes, this was a nice, light dish. 

Spicy Mango and Avocado Salad- liked the bit of spice. There were almost too many mangos on the salad and the dressing seemed a little heavy. More greens would have helped. 

Overall, it's nice to have a healthy option out there. I'll have to be in the right mood for it. I'd like to go back in the evening and have a few drinks (their drink menu looks excellent).
Went back today to try the Watermelon Soup.  It was very good and actually would also be great as a martini.  For the price ($4) there should be more, but what is there is very refreshing and tasty.

I also had the mac'n cheese which was presented in a litter bigger bowl than the soup and was great tasting, but did require a little salt & pepper.  I rarely add s&p so this told me that it was missing "something".  Not sure what, but it needed a little zing and it just wasn't there.  

Next week I WILL get the Nutella dessert that sounded so wonderful, but they were out of the crust. FAIL.  Next time there better be crust or star ratings will begin to fall.

Great environment, different tunes today (country?), but we survived.
The Beautiful Carin and I have never been confused with health food enthusiasts.

Nevertheless, in effort to broaden our horizons, we decided to give Nourish a spin at lunch a few weeks ago, and see if it might "change our point of view".

I was a little disappointed, frankly.

But then again, I freely admit that I might be an outlier to their target demographic!

Located in the ruins of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon...I mean the Optima Camelview...the place is definitely going for a hip feel...but it just doesn't quite succeed.

Nourish is just so aggressively healthy...from the colors of the dcor to the too eager menu to the very strict tables and chairs and the meager portions...all of them as warm and inviting as a rap on the knuckles from the teacher in the one room schoolhouse where I spent my first few years in the educational system.

The patio, while nice enough, overlooks the desperately deserted inner atrium of the OC on one side, and the street on the other.

We gamely settled into the rock hard and posture correcting chairs (subtly telling us to "sit up straight and eat our veggies...act healthy dammit!") and perused the menu.


We looked and looked and looked, but I couldn't find the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes (which I consider health food) and Carin looked in vain for some of her favorites (or at least some salad dressing that wasn't essentially flavored water).

We start with a shared bowl of "chili"...all I have to say about that "chili", is that it wasn't.

I ordered a "Salmon Burger"...which I (silly me) assumed would constitute salmon and a bun...but when the menu says "served on a bed of greens" they mean "you just get some lettuce under this thingy...no buns".

I suppose that wouldn't have been so bad if they had given me an actual slab of salmon, like I can get at AJ's grill for $3.00 less...but this was a "salmon pattie"...ground up salmon and fillers (bread crumbs, green onion, chopped pepper, and assorted other crap).

Why did they do that to a perfectly good piece of salmon?

Unless of course it wasn't a perfectly good piece of salmon, but a perfectly good can of salmon!

I don't know...it was just fishy...and not in a good way.

At least it was gluten free!

Carin's "Kitchen Sink" salad was also a disappointment...unless by "Kitchen Sink" you mean a small salad consisting almost entirely of sliced peppers, shredded carrot and cucumber, onions and a little bit of romaine, in a small soup bowl...maybe they have a very tiny kitchen and the sink is quite small...I just don't know and I didn't bother to investigate.

The service was perfunctory, but fine (we didn't get a lot of interaction with our server...he was working pretty hard for the attention of the young lady behind the bar, as well as chatting with a couple of his friends who happened to drop by).

The good news for us is that place was essentially empty from the time we showed up (at 12:30 on a pleasant Saturday afternoon) until we left, so we had a waiter all to ourselves (even if his attention was split between us and his potential hook-up).

All-in-all, this little repast cost us about $40...and we walked out of Nourish feeling not so much "nourished" or "nurtured" or "healthy" as we felt "corrected", "admonished" and "hungry".

Oh well, I tried to be healthy...it's just not in my DNA!
I feel the requisite responsibility to check back in with an update, mostly because my second experience was a little more sober - literally! no wine at dinner :-P Chips & salsa were really tasty! Hummus still good! But I have to say that the turkey meatloaf with apricot glaze, served with a side of smash sweet potatoes and broccoli broke my heart. It was truly disappointing: the meatloaf was mealy and lukewarm, the sweet potatoes lacking any sweet potato taste for the overwhelming spices (for shame!). For full disclosure, our very kind waiter took my entree off the menu, although I told him it was not at all necessary to do so, but he did so he gets big points (and a good tip). My husband, a meatatarian, had the pork tenderloin which was chewy and lacked flavor; the asparagus it came with was very, very unpleasant. I will say that, as I did last time, I left feeling as though this is the food you want to eat if you are working out regularly (just don't order the turkey meatloaf). The appetizers are very good, but I sense strongly that the lack of a real oven might be a long term hindrance, and that possibly non-heated and foods not baked on site ('cept the fries) might be a better long term plan.  Note: Choose the waffle fries over the julienne fries...much more sweet potato-y!
This place had me from the moment our waitress asked us if it was o.k. if our water was infused with the flavor of cucumber.  Heck yeah it was o.k. in fact I don't even want to order a drink, I just want the free cucumber water!  My buddy and I decided to start with an app. order of sweet potato waffle fries with dipping sauce.  Delightful!  I ordered the sweet potato and garbonzo burger and the sweet potato and avocado salad side dish.  Notice the sweet potato theme??  I love those crazy orange taters!  The food was really tasty and quite flavorful.  The burger was a little different than I expected because it didn't come on a bun..but no biggie.  In typical girl fashion, my buddy and I split a cupcake...finger lickin' good!  I am picky-picky but this place won me over big time!  Also, I felt that, for the location, their prices were very reasonable.  The prices for those condos located upstairs..well that's gotta be a different story!
I've been to Nourish a handful of times during lunch as I work down the street. Two items that I like are the sweet potato & avocado salad and the eggplant parmesan. Prices are a little steep for what you get, but I guess that's the price you have to pay for trying to eat "healthy." I'd be more inclined to visit if the portions were a little more generous (i.e. the watermelon soup, appetizer sampler platter).
Fantastic Sweet Potato Fries (with pepper)!!!!  The owner is super nice and it is crazy what they can do with the equipment they have in the kitchen.  Overall, very clean, refreshing and wonderful food!
I am definitely going to miss this place now that we live in Seattle.  We seem to have a hard time finding non ultra-hippie healthy food dining options here.  Aside from that, this place is really quite good.  

Basically, everything on this menu is healthy and good for you.  There are plenty of options for people with specific dietary restrictions such as vegetarian, vegan, and even gluten free.  So many items looked really good on the menu, and we had a really hard time narrowing it down and figuring out what to get.  We ended up splitting some mac and cheese and some chili as our appetizers, and then I got the chicken salad sandwich for my meal.  

The mac and cheese was pretty good, and it had lots of confetti vegetables in it.  The only part I didn't really like about it was the bread crumb topping because it got kind of hard when it baked on instead of getting crispy.  The flavor of the rest of it was good though.  The chili was really really good.  Who needs meat in chili?  Not this girl!  It was loaded full of beans and covered in a rich and thick tomato sauce with a healthy dose of spice.  It would be absolutely perfect on those rare cold days in AZ.  My chicken salad sandwich was absolutely delicious!  It was fresh tasting and not heavy at all because they use yogurt dressing instead of mayo.  The grapes were a welcome addition.  My only complaint was that the chicken was a little bit dry.  The dressing did a good enough job compensating though.

This is definitely a place I would love to come again to try some of their other menu options.  Maybe next time I come back to visit.
Lucky me, I came here with a group and we were provided with a sampling menu! We were provided a little bit of everything and now I will share with you my experience. 
First plate had pita and hummus, sweet potato avocado salad, and mac n cheese. The pita was soft and delicious. I've had better hummus, but it was decent. The mac n cheese was good, but had too much bread crumbs for my taste. The sweet potato avocado salad was amazing. I couldn't stop myself from eating it. 
The second plate was sweet potato fries, waffle fries, and tots. Absolutely crispy with a soft center and air fried. Crazy! I would describe the dipping sauce as sweet and sour plus spicy yum. 
Third round was the kitchen sink salad and the spicy mango salad. I really really really liked the spicy mango salad. A mix of sweet and spicy flavors that really complemented each other. The kitchen sink salad was good, but not that memorable. 
Next was a sampling of sandwiches: grilled cheese pork tenderloin, chicken salad, and Tuscan chicken. All three delicious. The pork tenderloin was chai rubbed and you could definitely taste those flavors. The bread on all three were soft and light. 
We then were treated to eggplant Parmesan with pasta that was so yummy. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The Parmesan sauce was rich and not sweet. 
We ended with lemon cheesecakes and chocolate tarts. The tart was rich and the lemon cheesecake was heavenly. 
The drinks were tasty as well. I had the acai martini that went down smooth. The lemonade was fresh and had the right balance of sweet and tart. The tea had a hint of mint that was quite refreshing. 
We ate so much and it was all delicious. It's not on the top of my list for a return dinner, but I look forward to another meal here.
Great place. We went on a Fri night and sat outside it sits in a very cool building. The menu wasp bigger than I thought with a little something for everyone. I actually changed my order from the salmon burger that I original asked for.  The service was good although we could have used some extra plates with our apps but no big deal. I had the spinach and bacon quiche with a salad and side of sweet potatoes fries. Delicious. My wife had the kitchen sink salad with wasabi dressing per the server recomendation. He was right. The vegetables were fresh and crisp which is exactly what we were looking for. The lemon cheesecake was worth the visit in itself. All the food was very good and light. We left full but not heavy feeling. Gotta big cup of coffee to go and enjoyed with a nice cigar downstairs by the fountain. Definitely will be back.
Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who enjoy eating healthy. Nourish is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is fresh and clean and so is the food. 

Upon walking inside, I noticed how calm and refreshing the restaurant was. Everyone had the same calm attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel healthy when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only overwhelming part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still incredibly tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! 

Nourish serves breakfast all day (bonus) as well as lunch. It's a great brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste like your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as well but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are fresh as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's like a cinnamon god's protege and worth every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. 

Nourish has a great patio for dining as well as spacious seating inside, but the patio is covered enough that even on a hot day it's comfortable to sit outside. 

So in summary, Nourish is a good choice if you're looking for a healthy meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. 

Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays.
I came into town for a show and was excited to try a gluten free friendly restaurant. I could have not been more disappointed. Since I notice most reviews of this place are very positive and extremely long I'll try to be direct and to the point. 
Service was incredibly slow. We waited a long time for food and to pay our bill. I noticed everyone waiting a long time for their food and when stuff came out it was in odd bursts. 
Atmosphere was some what pretentious and for the food I ate not at all warranted.
Food was uninteresting and mediocre. I ordered the grass fed burger medium rare on a gluten free bun. The burger was preformed and nowhere near medium rare.  They way this place markets itself I was expecting something fresh and well prepared. Instead I got something I'm pretty sure had been frozen in the shape in which it was cooked and brought to me. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole meal was cooked in a microwave. The bun was gluten free bread which is okay someplace that doesn't use the word bun on their menu. My friend's pizza we also compared to frozen pizza cooked in a microwave.

I love food and have eaten at amazing gluten free and other health conscious restaurants  in many cities so I think I can be a good judge. This place failed for me in every possible way except in cleanliness. But if you told me they were cooking frozen food in a microwave in the apartment next door and then bringing it over, I wouldn't be the least surprised.
What a disappointment!!! I was soooo excited to eat at this restaurant, but ended up leaving sad. The portions are so small and completely overpriced.  The food tastes below average, nothing special at all. I heard that they don't really have a kitchen in which they can really cook in, so everything is premade and just reheated in a microwave.  I guess that explains why everything is overpriced.  Please don't waste your time or money trying to eat here.
I really want to give Nourish more than three stars. The Valley is seriously lacking when it comes to restaurant choices that include menu options like this but my experience was so mixed I just can't go higher than three stars.

I went to Nourish for the first time on Friday night for a friend's birthday dinner. There is parking but it's a little confusing. It's underground parking so I headed down the ramp and ended up in a land of confusion. I drove around for quite a while trying to find an open spot. Eventually I found one on the other side of the garage. So here's a hint - go left! So i get out of my car and look for a elevator, stairs, a sign, anything that would point me in the right direction. Nothing! I ended up walking up the ramp. I know it's not really the restaurants fault but the complex could put up a sign or something!

So I finally make it above ground. A few people from our party are already there with a nice table outside - great! I'm so glad we got a spot outside because inside looked more like a cafe than a sit-down restaurant. It was a much more casual atmosphere than I was expecting.

Onto the food. I started with a hibiscus cosmo. It was very good but I thought it was a little overpriced. $10 for one drink. I know it's Scottsdale, but come on.

For my meal I ordered the turkey meatloaf with mashed sweet potatoes and broccoli. The meatloaf was really good. It wasn't dry and had a simple meatloaf flavor. The sweet potatoes had way too much cinnamon for my tastebuds. It really overpowered the sweet potato flavor and in my opinion ruined them. The broccoli was just steamed broccoli, nothing done to it.

One of my friends did order a veggie burger on a gluten free bun. The bun was actually a bagel but it tasted really good so that was a plus. He's used to getting really dry not so good tasting gluten free bread.

A couple of people ordered dessert and I didn't taste it but I was not impressed. The birthday girl got chocolate chip cookies and they were tiny. She also said they were hot in some spots and cold in others - a sure sign they were microwaved.

So like I said - it was mixed. Some stuff was good some stuff not so good. I'd be willing to give them another chance but I'll probably try a few other places on my list first.
Nourish is tucked away in the jungle that is the Optima. We parked underground and eventually made it to the restaurant.

With the number of vegetarian/egg-free items on the menu, we splurged. Not everything we had was amazing, hence 4 stars instead of 5 - but here is the breakdown:

Pro's:
--The air-cooked sweet potato fries are incredible.
--The crispy eggplant parm and teriyaki bowl were great and filling (we didn't have a problem with the portions here)
--AMAZING desserts. Eggless Red Velvet Cupcakes = heaven. The fact that they taste amazing is a bigger plus.
--The staff was pretty friendly and attentive.

The Con's:
--The lemon artichoke hummus was ok.
--We weren't the biggest fans of mac n' cheese. It was fairly bland.

Overall - I'd definitely go back, especially when I am feeling up for dessert!
I think I could eat here every day if I had more money. As a vegetarian with a gluten free friend, we found a perfect place. The restaurant caters to individuals who have food allergies and/or who don't eat meat. The waiter also asked us first thing about any intolerances, allergies, etc and was cool about it, versus other restaurants where a person might have 3-4 choices only. 

We went during brunch time on a Sunday, but I like how they also offer the lunch/dinner menu too. I ordered fruit salad (mango, pineapple, black- and blue-berries) and tortilla soup. The tortilla soup was great - veg based, spicy broth with black beans and avocado. The serving sizes are also perfect. The waiter said "we don't like to overfeed people." I'd agree that it was just right. My friend ordered quinoa pasta with meatballs and enjoyed it. I saw sooo many other things on the menu that I would like to try. 

The parking can be confusing if you have not been before, but the Nourish.com web site outlines how to get there. I had been to Posh a few weeks before so was aware of the parking garage.
Just returned from a wonderful lunch. As a vegetarian I love when a place has so many yummy-sounding options for me to choose from. But there are also plenty of meat dishes as well. And they also list those items gluten-free.

Thanks to the not-so-wonderful xmas shopping traffic around the Scottsdale mall, one in my party was a bit late. It was disappointing that the server wasn't more attentive in getting her order, considering he delivered our meals after she was there and had a chance to review the menu. We had to ask another server to take her order.

Despite the slight lapse in service I highly recommend this restaurant. The food is great. I will go back again soon.
I've been meaning to pop in here for a while since I work in the area and finally got a chance with today. 

I am vegan and my girlfriend is vegetarian, so we were happy to find lots of wonderful sounding food. Not being able to decide on what to eat was a nice change from trying to find something I CAN eat!

The only criticism I have about the food is that I found the quinoa salad a bit salty and was not a fan of the sweet potato fries' dipping sauce. I guess I'm a ketchup guy, but that's not exactly health food.

Service was a bit slow, but they got busy really quick. I'm sure it was a result of the busy mall/holiday traffic.

It is very reasonably priced for fresh, healthy and organic food and would definitely recommend it to anyone with a special diet or anyone into health foods.
A quick disclaimer:  as neither my wife nor I are vegetarians nor have food allergies, I'm pretty much judging this purely on the basis of food quality for the dollar.  Having said that, we loved the mango fruit salsa, the quinoa salad, and AAAH, the sweet potato fries.  I really enjoyed the grilled salmon and my wife liked the vegetable quiche, though I found it a bit bland.  

The service was efficient, the atmosphere a little cold, and the dessert selection too sparse.  As long as you don't have a carnivore in your party, it's a very interesting place to check out, with enough variety to entertain you.  If I were vegan, I'd go here a lot.
Nourish was as pleasing to the eye as the menu was pleasing to the pallet. With a laid back personality, it fits right in in Scottsdale. It's located on the bottom floor of a delightful multi-level housing development. Once you get over the parking...it's located underneath Nourish in the same garage that homeowners use (hint: go left)...and find your way back to the main level all is right with the world. 

Nourish appears to have been created for the health conscious since it consists of gluten-free and vegetarian fare. It boasts of "comfort food with a healthy twist." I ordered the Spicy Mango Avocado Salad with Ahi Tuna and was very happy to find that the tuna was cooked exactly like it should be. Service was pleasant. 

If you are looking for a casual restaurant with fresh ingredients this is the place for you.
Today I went with a few coworkers to Nourish and we had the Salmon burger, Teriyaki Burger and the Herb Chicken Sandwich if I remember correctly.

I hadn't had the salmon burger before and will likely get it in the future.  Very good sandwich.  My coworker who had the Teriyaki burger said it was good, but he likes the southwest burger better (VERY GOOD) and the coworker who had the Herb Chicken said it "kicked ass".  

The lunch was good as always and Kirstin's presence always makes for a fun time.  She is great fun and seems like a very nice person who enjoys running a restaurant.
I so very much wanted to push this to 4 stars, but I just can't.  I probably would push it to four if I was more into stuff like Jicama and Quinoa.  I can certainly respect those who go batty over ultra-healthy gluten-free food, I just happen to NOT be one of them, so my taste buds are not properly calibrated for a balanced review of Nourish's offerings.  I still may revise this to 4 stars based on my next visit.  It is that close of a call for me!!

Basis:  About 8 visits due to proximity to my office.

The Good:  About 1/2 of the entrees (including the unique pizzas, the rice bowl, and the salmon) and about 2/3 of the appetizers (especially the mac'n'cheese and the very uniquely presented hummus, with pita and carrots).  The salads look great.  Drink Menu is impressive, nice retail section for beer and wine.  Can't say enough about the staff (or the ever-present owner) - they are really great folks, very helpful friendly.  The gentleman who usually tends the bar there is quite skilled.  They have Crusoe Spiced Rum here...that's some hard to find stuff!

Oh, and the location is in PRIME Scottsdale, in one of its most visible office and residential complexes (the Optima).  Great, clean decor

The Bad:  The remaining entrees and appetizers aren't uniformly bad, but the taste and quality can be awfully uneven.  On a peak time visit, the apricot/chipotle meatloaf was sadly presented and had poor texture and flavor, and my wife's order of quiche was far too soggy.  On an off-peak visit, the quiche was significantly better.  Kitchen and staff can get overwhelmed at peak times (but are so very speedy on off-peak times).  There is also a decided lack of "unhealthy" items for the fat-seekers in a large group.  Unisex bathroom.  

The Ugly:  Parking can be a complete mystery here if you don't know what you're doing and if the Valet isn't present.
Healthy eating has never tasted so good.  Kirstin, the ever present owner,  has hit a home run with her restaurant. I'm not usually a super healthy eater, but I found the menu diverse and tons of things to choose from. 

It helps that they have a ton of cool micro-brew type beers too, not to mention a full bar.  Plus, I love a place that allows you to try a few things at once, a la the tapas plate, which allows you to choose a few apps.  I had the mac n cheese, tuna, ginger long grain rice (obsessed) and sweet potato fries. 

Great place and great location - loved the complimentary valet parking.
Very health-conscious restaurant. I feel judged by all the residents because it literally resides in their basement but its a great switch up for breakfast if you ever get tired of fried eggs, bacon, and chicken fried steak. Kinda pricey but you pay for the quiet time.
In a word, WOW!  Nourish is fantastic - healthy, delicious, and provides many options for those with food allergies or vegetarian|vegan food preferences!  A new favorite!
Terrible service! It took TWO HOURS to have our food served, get the bill paid, and leave during the lunch hour. My coworker's salad was served with no dressing at all. It took the waiter 10 minutes to bring us a balsamic replacement. Unacceptable.

The food was only so-so - the southwestern spicy burger looked like a frozen patty.
I was first told about Nourish by my Naturopath and now I am SO glad she didn't withhold this gem of a restaurant from me! Having had some health issues for the past several months, she was telling me that I could find a variety of items on their menu that I can eat, even with food allergies. Nourish has got a wonderfully laid out menu, which indicates whether or not an item is 1) Vegan 2) Vegetarian 3) Gluten Free 4) Nut Free 5) Soy Free 6) Lactose Free and they are also now serving corn free selections. There may be one other allergen listing that I'm forgetting as well. I now make this a weekly outing, and look forward to it each time. It's a special treat and the service has always been outstanding! Although some entres are on the pricey side, the quality is there as well and you do get what you pay for. This is a blissful experience I reward myself with at the end of each work week and I love it! I highly recommend that if you're in the area, you check Nourish out. It's my opinion that you will not be disappointed. Bon Appetit!!
If you want healthy food that's delicious, this is the place to go. The menu is full of choices! There's a color key on the menu that indicates which menu items are safe for those with different food intolerance's. Where else can you go that they would put that information on the menu? 

Kirstin, the owner, is awesome! She very knowledgeable about food intolerance's and nutrition. She is typically available to answer any questions. 

We attended the "Dinner with a Doc" food allergy seminar, and it was very informative. If you get the chance, check the calendar for upcoming events. They're definitely worth the time and money!! 

I will definitely be back as often as possible!!
So...the food was good, very good even, but I have some complaints.  I would like to preface this review with the fact that I was overly excited to try this place.  I would say my overall feeling about Nourish is that I felt as if I was being 'sold' on an idea...does that make sense?  I went for brunch and had the egg/avocado sandwich w/cheese ($10), a coffee ($3), a side of fruit ($6.5). and a cinnamon role to go ($6 for just one and rather small).  Most everything seemed overpriced, even for Scottsdale, and I felt I was being 'up sold' on everything I ordered.  They was even an add in fee for plant extract in water.  The atmosphere & service was nice, but when I asked the server the 'quality of their animal products' he wasn't sure.  I later went onto their website to check it out, and they do have very high quality animal products, although it would have been nice to know there.  All in all, it was good, but I don't think I will be going back.
The food here wasn't horrible but the service sucked and was very slow. It took over an hour to get our food once seated. Stay away from the pizzas...they are like dense cardboard. The burger was pretty good but overpriced for what it was.
Cute little space, close to great shopping but... the BEST menu we have ever seen for people with food allergies!  Every single dish is labeled with all the major allergens, as someone who has to live gluten-free, it literally brought tears to my eyes.  This is a menu that all restaurants should be modeled after.  

We were seated on the patio & given an enticing menu of drinks to choose from.  Our cocktails were delicious!  Our food was fantastic - we did a sampler of a bunch of appetizers based on our servers recommendations & quickly ate everything up.  We really loved the skinny baked sweet potato fries! 

My main course was the Tuscan Chicken Salad - it was amazing!  I wish I could upload photos to show you how fresh & delicious it was.  

If you have food allergies or are looking for a healthy place to eat, there is no better place in Scottsdale, much less most of America.  We can't wait to go back to Scottsdale to eat at Nourish again!
I really wish this place was better - at first glance it's a gluten free diner's dream (I have celiac). Having eaten at Nourish on 3 separate occasions, it's decidedly "meh."

The menu is nicely varied and has a number of excellent options for anyone with specialty diet needs. I really applaud the owner for putting this place together - though the space is somewhat oddly shaped (the entryway is not inviting) they do have an OK decor.

The service however is the breaking point - it is very poor. The food has gotten to me cold 2 out of 3 times, we were rarely checked on by server and they were very slow to get the bill 3 out of 3 times. During lunch hour time is of the essence for working individuals, this is obviously not a priority at Nourish. Additionally, price/amount of food ratio is out of whack on a few dishes, nobody likes to spend a lot and walk away hungry. 

They have promised a new menu beginning in April 2011, I hope some of these problems will be addressed then.
Amazing menu that caters to many dietary needs. If you're a vegan, vegetarian, or gluten free this is a must try! 

Park in the underground lot below the restaurant.
This is a great place for people who are tired of analyzing menus for hidden allergens because they have food sensitivities. It is not, however, a great restaurant for people who are looking for a great meal in general. 

It fills a niche, but if you're not in that niche, it is solidly mediocre.

We tried Nourish last night for dinner. Overall, the ambience is lovely, with the surrounding Optima landscaping sending wafts of perfumed air down onto the comfortable patio. 

I think there was only one server, and he did a fine job, but we would have appreciated quicker service, since we were trying to get to Tempe for a show and informed him of that at the outset. 

The food was good with an asterisk. As mentioned above, if you're used to not being able to eat anything on a menu because of food issues, this place is probably a Godsend. However, none of us has allergies and we all felt that our menu items were OK at best, and downright bland in some cases. There was simply nothing that stood out as amazing, or even memorable. 

Finally, I have to make a comment on the dinnerware. The plates were very cute and obviously chosen by someone with an eye for design. The same can be said for the general decor of the restaurant and the furniture. So why, I ask, were we given flatware of similar quality to the local elementary school cafeteria? You know, the kind you'll find wrapped in a paper napkin at the hole-in-the-wall Mexican dive that you can bend with one hand. The kind that has forks whose tines are practically in the same plane as the handle and are almost always slightly bent so that you get that uncomfortable sensation of biting a tine that you didn't expect to be so close to your teeth...

I was actually really perplexed by this phenomenon, in case you hadn't noticed. Also, some people at our table had forks that didn't even match the rest (but equally poor quality.) The only thing I can think of is that they were trying to continue to the general theme of recycling/reusing/employing good karma practices, and they've repurposed the flatware from a kid's play-set or something. 

Probably won't be back. Sorry, Nourish, I applaud your efforts and the spirit of your endeavor, but you just didn't wow me.
To be quite honest, i wasn't very impressed.  

I just finished having dinner here with a friend of mine and we were both a bit surprised.  It's a Wednesday night, and slow.  The service was really quite terrible.  I feel bad for saying that because I have been a server and i know how difficult it can be sometimes but, there was hardly anyone in there with us and we never got checked on during our appetizer or meal.  It took forever to get our main dishes and to get them cleared/get our check.

We shared the Healthy mac & cheese as an appi and didn't enjoy it very much despite the menu's description of it being 'full of flavor'.  I ordered the Teriyaki veggie burger which wasn't too bad but wasn't something i think i would ever crave later on.  My friend had the 1/2 chicken and seemed to enjoy it but when i asked her how it was she said she would give it a 4/10-she was just really hungry.  

I am inclined to give it an other try from the reviews i've read and order something new next time-but for the moment  i'm thinking i'll be sticking to this opinion for a while.  Will write a follow up if i decide to give it a second try.
I was excited about trying Nourish because it is difficult to find a place that serves many organic, gluten free options. The entire menu is pretty much gluten free.  However, I was a bit disappointed. The food wasn't bad but it also wasn't that great.  The preparations are really simple and it left me feeling as if I could have done the same or better myself.  That's not the kind of experience I want when I go out to eat. Also, the chicken I ordered had a bloody vein in it that made my entire piece of chicken bloody when I cut into it.  When I called it to the attention of the server he offered to microwave the chicken for me and then told me that that's the kind of thing one must expect when one consumes animals.  Seriously?! I doubt I will be going back any time soon...or ever.
I went here looking for a good, filling meal, and I was definitely satisfied! I was with a friend and for our starter we ordered the Tapas Plate, and for our 4 choices, we chose their Mac and Cheese, Long Grain Rice, Sweet Potato Fries, and Artichoke Hummus. Everything tasted delicious and very fresh. Just visually, everything was very appealing right off the bet, bright colors, and good presentation. The dip that was served with the fries was some type of fruity glaze, with smoky undertones, that made my taste buds very happy. The mac and cheese was especially good! They use a quinoa pasta (?) and mix in a variety of veggies, which the result is a perfectly cheesy, fluffy dish. For our main course, we shared the Tuscan Chicken Pizza. Think crust, good chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, and a mayo-pesto drizzled over it all. The pizza was cooked very well, and all the flavors complimented each other. Then, for dessert, we had the cinnamon bun. okay, I grew up eating Cinnabon, and have had a variety of other cinnamon buns, and this is truthfully one of the best I've ever had. The glaze was generously poured on top, and the bread was perfectly soft, and it was just hot enough. If you can't infer from my description, I slept very well after that meal.

The restaurant itself is in the Optima Apartment Complex near Fashion Square, and the pseudo- Hanging Gardens adds to a nice ambiance. The service is great and all the waiters were nice and efficient. Also, there was live music on the Friday night I went, a talented, guitarist/singer. Overall, Nourish was a great experience and I'll no doubt be back there soon!

P.S. There's COMPLIMENTARY valet, a nice convenience :)
It was quite good.  My wife has gone gluten free so we are always on the lookout for a good breakfast that hits this mark.  Nourish did that with the Vanilla waffle and the Raspberry-Jalapeno syrup, they just need to give you more of it!   More syrup, the healthy waffles need the extra kick to make you think it's a treat not just being healthy.  The cinnamon roll was outstanding!  I'll check it out again.

The Setting in Optima is outstanding!  For only a buck or two more than a gross IHOP is worth it alone.
I ate here not long before moving away from Scottsdale. I wish I'd tried it before, as I miss it already. I love the fact that the entire restaurant is gluten free and that there are so many healthy options available.

The root beer float martini is a must-try, and was my favorite item of the night. It sounds unhealthy but with coconut milk, agave-sweetened root beer and organic vanilla vodka, it was anything but. It wasn't as sweet as it sounds either.

I had the grass-fed beef burger with feta sans bun and the famous sweet potato fries as a main and both were excellent. I can hardly wait to return to Scottsdale for a visit so I can eat here again.
I love all the possibilities on the Nourish menu!  It's nice to have so many options in terms of dietary needs.  The southwestern burger was okay, not crave-worthy.  I don't think I'd try it again.  The sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious.  They made the trip to this hard-to-find restaurant worthwhile!  I regret not ordering a second portion.  However, it meant I had room to try the lemon cheesecake (completely vegan).  I was pleasantly surprised.  I didn't think it was possible to make a tasty non-dairy cheesecake with a gluten-free crust but they managed.  I've been wanting another slice all day!   In short, I'll return.
I couldn't wait to to try Nourish with a vegetarian friend of mine. We went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday night and sat on the patio. After debating over which yummy app to get, we decided to start with their take on Mac and Cheese. It was a small portion and we all fought to finish it. I had the pepperoni pizza and cinnamon roll for dessert (which I LOVED and need to go back and get asap). 

Service was good and so was the food. I'm looking forward to going back and trying something else they have to offer.
Bland and lackluster food that is not worth the price or the wait to get it.  We had lunch at Nourish a few months ago and while we weren't overly impressed, as they do serve healthy food that is in line with our whole foods, plant-based eating habits, we decided to give them another shot and went for brunch a few weekends ago.  I ordered the egg sandwich, which is described as an air-fried egg, avocado, and tomato on a gluten free bagel with a side of sweet potato hash.  As I have never found gluten free bread products to be very mouth-watering, I asked to substitute multi-grain bread in place of the bagel, as the bread had previously been the best part of the lunch sandwich that I'd had.  The server informed me that they were out of bread (how does a restaurant run out of bread when half of their menu items are sandwiches? very poor planning by management) and that the only other item available was a wheat bun, which I opted for.  My husband ordered the veggie quiche, which is described as zucchini, asparagus, caramelized onion, parmesan, and a quinoa crust. 

After an incredibly long wait (the restaurant was less than 1/3 full), our food finally arrived.  My egg sandwich was by far the most flavorless breakfast item I have ever consumed.  The air-fried egg had sounded appealing as it would be healthy and not greasy, which was the case, however I didn't realize that this also meant there would be absolutely no seasoning on it or flavor to it at all.  The sweet potato hash was downright disgusting and I only consumed a cube or two of the mushy, flavorless heap that was on my plate.  As bad as my meal was, my husband's veggie quiche definitely won the award for worst breakfast item ever tasted.  The "quinoa crust" which we were looking forward to as we love quinoa dishes, was actually undercooked quinoa mixed throughout the entire quiche with no visible crust present, which gave the whole thing a granular texture equivalent to fine gravel having been poured into the dish.  The vegetables almost appeared to be ground up as there was just an overall green appearance to the egg portion with no discernible pieces of the veggies described on the menu actually present.  The dish in general had a strange taste and the off-putting texture from the quinoa was more than I could handle even in just the one bite that I tasted.  I honestly don't know how my husband even managed to choke down the portion of the quiche that he did.

We also each had two bloody marys while we were there and while each took an incredibly long time to get, the first one was flavorful and seemed to be made "extra spicy" as we requested, however, the second one was flavorless and tasted like watered down tomato juice.  While Nourish has a nice patio and offers a view of the lush foliage present in the complex, these elements are not enough to bring us back after we left with our tastebuds reeling in horror over the flavors, or lack thereof, of our brunch.
Lots of healthy options, and very gluten-free friendly. Kind of a weird location, hidden in the innards of those jungle-looking condos by Fashion Square that you always drive by and think, "G-d, those must be amazing!"

We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, and there were about 3 tables, one of which already had their food. Our entrees took a while to come out, and were decent-- we had the Quiche with Spinach and Bacon. The quinoa crust was a big strange and tangy, but the fruit on the side was perfect, as was the appetizer of sweet potato fries.

The atmosphere was just so dead, and the servers were nice but didn't do much to liven it up.

Try it if you're in the area and want (for the most part) feel-good food. I heard the Cinnamon Rolls are amazing-- and as they should be, they're 330 calories per serving, and one roll is 2 servings!
Menu looked amazing, especially with all the colr circles to let me know what was vegan, gluten-free. But, the food was not up to the expectations. Kale salad looked gorgeous, I even took a picture, but couldn't taste the lemon vinaigrette & the other two dressings I tried were not close to my taste preferences. Was so hoping the gluten-free pizza would rival Picazzo's since being vegan rules out the eggs used at Picazzo's. I really should have had my brain working better when the toppings listed on the Optima were hummus & other veggies. Nothing like a pizza, except maybe at a raw restaurant but there you know your not getting anything resembling an Italian or American pizza. It wasn't bad, I actually liked it when I decided to think of it as a veggie appetizer on a cracker. Chili was more like soup than the rich thick bean-full dish we were expecting. 
Service was quick & friendly. Finding it was ridiculous since the yelp app on iPhone took us to a residential neighborhood about a mile and a half away, nowhere near Scottsdale Road but the street name was correct. That really needs to get fixed for other out-of-towners to not be driving in circles around a bunch of single family homes.
I feel that "Nourish" is an apt name for this cozy little restaurant.  I remember walking out of there after our meal feeling well-fed but not stuffed and achy.  The very next day my body was detoxing, it was lovely!

The concept behind Nourish is a simple, yet complex one.  The owner opened this restaurant due to her own food allergies and challenges eating out.  The result is a colorful menu of highly nutritious foods ranging from gluten free to lactose free to egg free - just to name a few.

Getting to the eatery was easy, as free valet parking was offered virtually right outside the restaurant.  However, underground parking was also available.

It appeared that there was one server, and a bartender who served dual purposes in bringing out the food and manning the register as well.  Despite the small size of the restaurant, I was surprised at the small amount of staff present - we certainly had to wait a while until anyone came to the table just to take a drink order.  I finally had to get up and approach our server.

Staffing issues aside, I really love this menu!  Being the kind of person that does not count calories or seeks out healthy alternatives to my dining habits, I was pleasantly surprised.

I started with the "Sacred garden iced tea" with white tea, lavender, skullcap, spearmint, and tulsi.  According to the menu, this blend is specifically designed to sharpen the mind and promote relaxation.  It was served on the rocks, with free refills, and I ordered it with simple syrup - making it complex and sweet and very refreshing!  Not to mention relaxing...

My partner ordered the "Summer Breeze" with sencha green tea, orange peel, hibiscus, fresh ginger, and peppermint.  This said is said to help with digestion, ease tension, and boost immunity.  I love that there are unique non-alcoholic options, especially that we can take home our favorite tea blends in a tin (retail purchase option).  There are some very unique cocktails offered here as well - such as the Organic Mojito or the Rootbeer Float Martini made with Nourish-made Vanilla infused organic vodka, oogave organic rootbeer, and coconut milk.  The wines and beers are either organic, local, gluten-free, or eco-friendly.

To get a good sense of the place, we started with the Tapas plate.  For $13.50 and a choice of four items, we felt it was a great value.  Our selections were Roasted root veggies (sweet potatoes, parsnips, and beets roasted with thyme, salt and pepper), Sweet potato and avocado salad with their divine Asian salad dressing, Roasted spaghetti squash with marjoram, sage, salt, and pepper and olive oil, and air fried sweet potato fries served with apricot chipotle dipping sauce.  My partner loves root vegetables, and they were prepared in much the same fashion as he makes them at home.  We loved our choices.  For us, it was a lot like healthy comfort food.  The vegetables were seasoned well, the sweet potatoes wonderfully crispy, the sweet potato and avocado salad incredibly delicious!  It came with black beans, and the Asian dressing on the salad gave it a seasoned sweetness.  I was also impressed with the generous portions of avocado, knowing that the average cost of an avocado right now is about $1.50.

The majority of the menu items are salads and sandwhiches.  There are meatless options such as the "Nourish Sweet Teriyaki Burger" a  Chickpea and sweet potato burger mixed with almonds and topped with cucumbers and drizzled in a sweet teriyaki sauce.  There are also meatier choices such as the Gourmet Beef Burger, which I feasted on.

I enjoyed the corn fed burger, which was served on a gluten free bun.  The beauty of this was that the bun never got soggy and held its own throughout the entire experience.    The meat had a gorgeous charcoal-grilled flavor, and with the bacon and provolone add-ons I was extremely pleased with my selection.  I have to make mention here of "Nourish's" incredible salad dressings.  There are about a dozen choices, and all of them can be purchased and taken home.  I ordered the Lemon-aioli dressing with my side salad and it was by far one of the most delicious dressings I have ever enjoyed on a salad.

My partner had the Glazed Roasted 1/2 Chicken Dinner.  It was a gorgeous marinated then roasted chicken glazed in Nourish-made apricot chipotle.  Served with asparagus and roasted root 
veggies, it had a juicy and flavorful taste and its sides complemented the entree so well.

There were many more options on the menu such as pizzas and quiches, as well as breakfast offerings.  The menu itself has very educational information about the nature of the ingredients, as well as why it takes a bit longer for the food to come to the table.  Why?  The majority of the items on the menu are made to order and made fresh, to accommodate a variety of special food needs.

In closing, "truly good food is worth the wait," and I felt that our food was definitely worth waiting for.
The area is cute and the menu is good. Parking was relatively easy.  The restaurant is pretty small but appeared cute and intimate. With all that said, we ordered take out, which was mediocre and waaaay overpriced for what was given.  It really wasn't very good (cold and mushy).  Pretty disappointed.
Just a quick update on Nourish since it's been over a year since my initial review...
 
First thing first - I'm so happy that Nourish has survived for over a year now in this economy and with their slightly high prices.  I've been back a handful of times over the year and for the most part, I've enjoyed my meals there (even if my pocket book has not).  

My favorite menu item is the sweet potato and avocado salad.  I like their lemonade / arnold palmer as well, and I enjoyed the salmon when I ordered it recently.  

If you are searching for something healthy and have any diet restrictions, the beauty of nourish is that they will work with you to find exactly what you're looking for.  However, if you don't have diet restrictions or cravings, you can likely find something just as delicious and more moderately priced elsewhere.

All of that said, Nourish seems to have a niche market and I'll continue to pop in every now and again for a healthy meal or when my body is asking for that sweet potato avocado salad!
Once I found the place (tucked into a corner in a condo center, weird) I enjoyed the place.  Really caters to those trying to avoid certain foods for whatever reason, vegan, gluten free, ect, and does it incredibly well.  The menu clearly lays out which each selection has in it, whether that be eggs, gluten or whatever.  Since it was our first time we started with the air baked sweet potato fries which had cinnamon and nutmeg and was served with a sweet/spicy dipping sauce, then came the green chili chicken soup which was a little thin as far as consistency, but the flavors were good .  For the entree I had the mango, black bean salad with chicken.  It had sweet juicy mango with white meat chicken, black beans, raspberries and served with a tasty lime dressing.  It was so delicious!  To top it off I ended with a vegan/gluten free brownie, I have no idea they got the flavor and texture so right without all the ingredients I would normally associate with a brownie.  Truly a mystery.  Can't wait to return.  Like some previous yelpers, I did have a slight problem with the seemingly dis-interested wait staff.  Had to ask for refills repeatedly.
The first time I ate at Nourish I was unimpressed. I wanted to like it so much that I went back, but I left feeling the same way. I have food allergies and believe that healthy, vegan, gluten free food can and should taste good. Aside from the sweet potato and avocado salad everything my husband or I tried was very bland and unsatisfying. I left wanting more..
I really wanted to love this place more than I did.... It isn't that I did not like my food (with the exception of a NASTY dessert), or that anything was not as described in the menu description. It was just kind of... "I can most certainly make this at home." kind of food. 

The sweet potato and avocado salad is great yes, but again, nothing you can't do at home with basic cooking skills. I ordered the Kale salad with berries and walnuts and man this thing was HUGE for 10! I am a huge Eat-salad-As-Meal girl and this thing probably took me 45 minutes to masticate. Tons of toppings but I will say the kale needed some major work with the dressing. There wasn't a lot and it did not soften the greens the way most vinaigrettes are expected to with kale. 

On another occasion I got the Kitchen Sink Salad, and, meh, it was very boring. I wouldn't get it again.

Now, I have to say a word about the dessert we ordered: the Chocolate Torte with pieces of special local chocolates mixed in. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. Honestly it was like a grainy, sugarless, absolutely flavorless thing I have EVER had. They should be completely embarrassed to be serving this piece of shit. Ugh. 

My girlfriend had the bacon and spinach quiche which was also a huge portion. The small side of fruit made the meal seem a bit incomplete but... whatever.  

The food was served quickly, good service, no complaints there. It's definitely mostly a casual, lunch type place than a trendy place for a nice long, slow dinner but I would probably return.
The philosophy is admirable, and it's great that valley has a food-allergy friendly joint like this... but if you do have food restrictions, you probably know how to cook for yourself. Assuming you can do that, many of the dishes at Nourish are the kind of thing that, while often nutritious and potentially tasty, evoke a certain... "Weeelllll, I coulda made that..." response.

On the whole, though, it's still a nice way for dietarily restricted folks to enjoy a night on the town. Plus, at a place that can cater to everyone, no one ends up getting left out of the nommin' fun.
If you're looking for a healthy meal with tons of Gluten Free or Lactose Free options - Nourish is your place. I was dining with my friend Michelle who had come off of a massive pig-out stooper and was looking for a lighter, healthier dining experience. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan and it was good although maybe because I am pregnant I couldn't really get into it as much as Michelle was. She had the protein burger and enjoyed it as well. I will say the atmosphere isn't anything special and because of it's size it can be a bit noisy inside. It is tough to access the restaurant because it is located in the Optima in Scottsdale so parking is in the underground garage. The service is great and the friendly staff help make it a pleasant experience it just wasn't a place that I was head over heals for....
If you have dietary restrictions or are insanely health-conscious (like me), YOU MUST TRY NOURISH.

This is an amazing culinary experience for two reasons. 

First, if you are looking for exceptionally healthy food or have dietary-restrictions, you have a multitude of yummy choices.  The organic-y menu ranges from special dietary needs (Gluten-free, Egg-free, Dairy-free, etc.) to proteins from Vegan to Free-Range Meats.   All foods are well marked for dietary-restrictions.   Yesterday, we had a great roasted chicken and hamburger (gf bun--burger was a bit bland and dry but wifey was happy just having meat, since I do the cooking for us.)  The quinoa is quite tasty too.  The sweet potato-avacodo salad is great, as are the fries.  The 'free' cucumber water is very refreshing, to which I have adopted having a pitcher in my own kitchen.

The second reason the kitchen is REALLY COOL is that it is a COLD kitchen, with no ventilation.  Food is pre-cooked in kilm-like ovens, then when ordered, the prep work is to put into 800 degree Air-Fryers (and yes, no oil is used, it's an air dryer that looks like a jet-turbine engine).  It makes awesome fries and crispy skins on chicken.  Some done-ness variation does occur in this process; nonetheless, it works well for restaurants with not exhaust.

p.s.  Thanks for the tour.
Definitely not a place that I would jump off my seat to try...but that is because I thought that it didn't cater to my palette :)

I went to Nourish yesterday for an event at lunch.  I wish that this place was easier to find...because I think that they would have a bigger clientele if they did.  Completely hidden....if I didn't valet I never would have found it.

Like I said, I am not a big fan of places like this...the healthy food establishment.  But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the potato and bacon soup that was really good, though I have to say it didn't look appetizing.  Lots of bacon!  I then had the salmon burger for my entree....interesting that it didn't come with a bun.  I really liked the burger itself...though was not a fan of the eggless coconut mayo that they had.  And the sweet potato fries that came with were very tasty.  (And the sauce that came with it was actually top notch!)

My only other complaint is the service.  While the servers were on top of everything...isn't it possible to do it with a smile on their faces?
I don't have allergies or dietary restrictions so I typically stay away from restaurants catering to those with allergies/dietary restrictions because I am guilty of lumping them all into the bland category.  Nourish does NOT fall into the bland category at all.  The food is very delicious.  I love the avocado and sweet potato salad.  I enjoy all the items on the appetizer menu and have a hard time choosing.   I have had some of the meat dishes and felt they were interesting and flavorful.  I have family and friends that eat vegan and are gluten and soy free, and Nourish's menu is easy to read and choose items that meet dietary needs without sacrificing variety and taste.  My friends enjoyed it very much as well.  It isn't cheap but good food rarely is. :)
Roasted chicken with apricot glaze was perfect! Perfectly moist with delicious flavor.
I love Nourish! Yes, it may not be the easiest place to get to, but the building it's in, is awesome. I admire the Optima Camelview every time I drive past it. Next, Nourish is small and not very fancy but so what? The menu is confusing because of all the color coded dots, but the options are fabulous! My husband is an amazing chef and he can make me these dishes at home, but who wants to constantly eat at home??
I'm just surprised at all the tough reviews for Nourish. I thought the food was great, very clean tasting and no, I wasnt full when I left. You are supposed to eat for fuel not for full, am I right?  This is a great little establishment for some fantastic allergy-free food. Hence the name "Nourish" , I would say the name is fitting.  I say definitely give it a try if you have any dietary restrictions or if you just want some really clean, good for your gut and soul, food. Oh yes, and the mojito was one of the best I've had in the Valley!! Ill be back soon!
Outstanding restaurant. I know it is dedicated to people with food allergies but that equates to real food for people without all the persevatives. It has great options for gluten free but the diverse menu is for everyone. It has great salads,pizza's and hamburgers. It's real its 100 percent real  food. It doesnt have this weird menu like vegan places have and the food tastes better then cardboard.
the ambience is real nice. I know some people complain about the price but it's not really expensive and remember it's real food. Most restaurants serve crappy unhealthy food. You get what you pay for.You will rarely see the typical big fat american eating here. If you value what you put in your body then this is a great place to eat. My favourite dish is the chilli with grass fed beef. I also love the ahi tuna salad.
It's one of my favourite places to go eat. Try it.
Oooo, I love a chic restaurant!  This place is gorgeous.  As other reviewers noted, this place is hidden away.  And the complex is a maze, but when you finally make it to the restaurant, you are pleasantly surprised.  It is very green all around and inside.  You would never think you were in Arizona.  It reminded me of Costa Rica...  

Our Orders:
Anne Boleyn Hot Tea & Herbs: really smooth and flavorful, served in a cute teapot
Healthy Protein Burger: good, the air-fried sweet potato fries were really good!
Green Burger: good
Tuscan Chicken Sandwich: good, large portion
Red Velvet Cupcake: The cupcake itself was just ok, the icing was incredible, but it was a tad overpriced at $4.50 a pop.
Lemon Cheesecake: great

It was kind of hard to keep up with our server (didn't care for that), but on a positive note, the food did not take long to come out.  Solid food, beautiful ambiance.
We've been wanting to try Nourish for quite some time now, but the hidden location seemed to delay our ambition. Finally, we decided to make the effort! Ok, so if you don't know your way around the Optima condos (and who really does) you might want to allow extra time. We drove past it at first, then couldn't figure out where to park..etc, etc.. A few curse words later we found our way to the restaurant...aaahh. I have to say it was completely worth the effort. This place serves healthy delicious food, and the atmosphere and service was wonderful. You feel so relaxed there that you can quickly lose track of time. This will be definitely be a repeat spot for us!
I love this restaurant.

I eat an incredibly strict paleo-ish diet which means I don't eat the following:
canola oil, soy oil, sugar, flour, farmed salmon (served by virtually every other restaurant in town including True Food Kitchen), grain fed beef, and a host of other food.  It sounds awful, but believe it or not there is no limit to the number of incredibly delicious meals that can be made despite these limitations.  Unfortunately, these meals *almost* always have to be home cooked.  Restaurants simply have not gotten to delivering a pure, healthy meal.

Well, that changed when I discovered Nourish.  Their menu consists of a variety of items that I can eat.  As a bonus, their food actually tastes great.

There isn't much more for me to say: a restaurant that cooks healthy food that I can enjoy.  Given my incredibly strict definition of the word healthy (and I admit that this is a relatively subject label as the scientific research stands in the year 2012), Nourish is one of the few restaurants I can enjoy.  And so I love them.

Other notes: the service was hit or miss when they opened but these days it has gotten a *lot* better, to the point where I rarely have a problem.
The most bland, expensive soup I have ever had.
love this place - quiet, simple, and delicious describes both the atmosphere and the yummy food.  Nice walk from the parking area to the restaurant.
Good food, especially for people with allergies! The service was lacking, the female waitress wasn't our server, however she did stop by frequently because our server was neglecting us. Also it would probably be more of a success if it was located downtown. Scottsdale is a little over saturated with resturaunts, Downtown is more focused on healthy food.
Came for dinner on a Thursday night, fairly busy with diners. Only two wait staff, took forever to order. Food was good. 4 stars because we have been before and it was excellent. Good, but not excellent this time. Tuscan chicken sandwich has great flavor, but is dry. Kitchen sink salad always good. Must have sweet potato & avocado salad.
I was pretty excited to come here. I have been recently diagnosed with celiac disease. They have gluten-free health food, and a LOT of it is vegan. This restaurant specializes in working with food allergies but apparently does not specialize in "flavor".  I love healthy food. Chakra 4 is one of my favorite restaurants, and I love healthy, fresh veggies in their raw form! But they have food that is yummy.

If I wanted rabbit food with balsamic vinegar, well... I could do that! I got the Kitchen Sink salad (had greens, carrots, chickpeas, black beans, jicama, broccoli, mango, and candied walnuts that weren't candied.) that sounded good, but was okay. The roasted butternut squash appetizer quite honestly was the most boring thing I've ever eaten. 

I sampled my fianc's food and it mostly tasted like allspice and not much else (he got the quinoa salad, wild rice, and southwestern soup). All I could smell was allspice - I think. It was something pungent.

Truly disappointed. I probably won't prioritize going back there, but I'm willing to give it another shot.

Yawn.
Its nice to no longer have to drive around Scottsdale wondering where to eat when you want gluten free and vegan options along with healthy food.  First off, the root-beer float martinis are trouble.  We thought they sounded good and tried one- that turned into four!  I had the sweet potato and avocado salad side.  It was great I never would have thought it could be that good.  High protein burger was up next for dinner.  Never had one before, Glad I did! Really surprised me and I'd definitely have another.
Amazingly wonderful meals! Most are gluten free and very healthy.  I had the chicken pizza and it was made on a gluten free pita with a balsamic tomato sauce - it was terrific.  Great menu and super service.  You can't go wrong. Near the Scottsdale Fashion Mall - in the Optima Condominium project.
I have eaten here several times and really like the food... I like the food choices and the tea!
Sometimes the service is iffy...sometimes super nice sometimes like we're bothering them!
I like that I can alter my order to continue to suit my food needs (gluten free, dairy free).
I am so happy this restaurant is in Scottsdale!  I recently changed to a plant based diet and on days I am craving a meal out, this restaurant has saved me!  I love so many of their dishes, the raw vegan cheescake is out of this world, a great bar, ambience, and staff that is knowledgeable and friendly.  I also appreciate they serve a variety of great food, which means I can take family and friends here and we can all eat what we love.
I heard about Nourish from buddies who like the weirdo at the table concept. I jumped on it, being an herbivore, and was psyched that this place apparently has a whole smorgasbord of tasty food I can eat that is also healthy. I picked up their chili on my lunch break and my buddy got one of the veg burgers.
Unfortunately, here's why they lost a star. The beans were undercooked and chewy. I wound up having a few bites of the veggie burger and it's really tasty and came with a nice salad. 
Service was prompt and very friendly even though I came in just in regular jeans and an old t-shirt (all clean and whatnot, but super casual) and everyone inside was preoccupied between their prada and platinum credit cards. I even started a conversation with a couple who were waiting for takeout food and, I suppose to put it simply, food restrictions can pretty much make friends out of strangers.
I'm definitely planning on coming back though, I feel like that was more of an off batch than anything and would very much like to try some of their other items.
First time eating at this restaurant with high hopes. The menu looked great and for me, it was a gluten-free paradise....until the food came. We ordered the tuscan chicken pizza, it looked and tasted like they popped it into the microwave, void of any taste with a soft, mushy crust. Our friends ordered the salmon with the same results. Luke warm and overcooked. Very cool environment except for the noise level, no acoustics to soften the sound so it's almost impossible to carry on a conversation. Not sure if we'll give this another try, too bad because it's in a perfect neighborhood location.
Service was great. They replaced our ginger spice cocktail coz we cudnt take the strong flavor (although we were Indians used to spices). That was sweet of them. 
Overall, after a big bill, We didn't like this at all. Mostly Food was dry and could use some flavor.  Honestly we won't go back. True food kitchen was way better in terms of taste. 
Mediterranean patti was too dry, Tuscan chicken sandwich was dry too. Sweet potato air fried chips were great. Kale salad was good too.
I wish the food were better. The food was either way over seasoned or bland. The good things we had were the sweet potato avocado salad and the sweet potato fries. The healthy protein burger was not awful, just boring.
If you are someone who actually gives a shite about the quality and wholesomeness of your food, you HAVE TO try Nourish. Clean, high energy food.  Gluten free and very creative.  The owners of this place obviously have HEART!  I understand the menu will be completely soy free soon and also offer some paleolithic options ... very, very interesting!
I agree with many of the reviewers....concept great, execution, POOR.  Flavors totally miss it.  Noise level intolerable.  This was our second time there...never again.
I've been here on several occasions and they are a decent option.  I've had salads and rice bowls mostly and they are really good.  The tuscan was not good at all, and the last time I went, I was happy to see it removed from the menu.  Give it a shot.  The service is great!
We too were excited to come here but were sadly disappointed.  First please be advised it is not handicap accessible.  There are no elevators which lead from the parking garage up to the restaurant and the stairs are very dangerous and extremely hot due to the fact they are metal.  In the restaurant, The chairs are made of wood and are very hard and very uncomfortable.  The menu was hard to figure out for seniors and was not very easy to read or understand for seniors.  Do not believe the wait staff ever, they told us things which was not true for some of there items.  The apricot sauce which comes with the Sweet Potato fries is hot and spicy unlike the wait staff which said opposite, it burned my mouth.  Also the thing they call Vegetable Pasta on the side menu is not pasta, they are lying, it is cold stringy vegetables shaped like angel hair pasta but it is not pasta.... Their mayo if you order it with a sandwich has SOY in it which there wait staff did not even know mayo had soy in it.  The bowls of food are very small, the drinks are very expensive and lots of there items they sell you they get from their own little market rather than cooking it fresh.  The sweet potatoe fries were good but very salty and their grass fed burger was real good but we were disappointed in their flavor which was very lacking and in their whole concept of what they think good food is plus the wait staff not knowing about certain items was a bummer plus they are not too particular about looking nice and presentable as they looked like homeless people - I have never in my entire life ever been waited on my someone wearing a base ball cap so unprofessional.  MY advice make sure you ask about all he ingredients even the condiments as they were wrong about a few of their products especially the ones they grabbed from their market.  

The music is a bit too loud and their apple crumble dessert was very good but more for breakfast then a dessert
I live in the complex where this restaurant is located and I'm not too impressed with the entire overall experience.  Service was meh, Food was okay (I had the Rice Bowl which was tasty) but the hummus side was no good.   Hummus was most likely out of date.  I do go back from time to time but I only get the rice bowl and when I don't feeling like cooking and leaving the complex.  The higher price, small portion sizes and overall service makes me give Nourish a less than filling feeling rating.  Take your hard earned cash elsewhere unless you live in the complex, are super hungry and don't feel like leaving to find food.
This place is probably close to a mecca for people that have dietary restrictions or prefer to eat gluten-free, vegetarian, etc, whatever. But I am a card-carrying carnivore and this place is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants.

I'm really shocked to see less than great ratings in some of these reviews...but I am left assuming those patrons just didn't read the menu or ask their server for clarification before ordering. OR were looking for a greasy cheeseburger and were understandably disappointed with the entree they ordered here. 

Think fresh ingredients, lots of options and healthy choices. Always recommend getting the sweet potato fries with the spicy chipotle sauce (we brought home a bottle for $7). My girlfriend likes the protein burgers with a veggie burger or wild salmon and it comes on a bed of fresh greens. They now offer whole grain bread, rolls, brown rice tortillas, etc so you can order it as a sandwich or a wrap. 

You could probably except to satisfy any craving you have without feeling guilty on the way home. 

On of the things we like about this place is that the menu is creative. It can be a challenge to come up with exciting flavors and combinations when you're preparing nutritious foods and Nourish really has it down. It's not stuff I'd even think to make at home and it's reasonably priced. 

Food is consistently fresh and well prepared. Service is friendly but sometimes slow, although it seems to be getting better. I still wouldn't recommend coming here if you're in a rush.

Other cool things about Nourish: pantry items like chips, drinks, local craft beers, cookbooks, lotions & soaps, etc. available for purchase. And their desserts are awesome. So good. 

Nourish is a great choice if you are looking for a healthy meal with lots of options, especially for people that have any type of dietary restriction. It's probably not a good choice if you are looking for something that's hugely processed, really cheap or super gluttonous because most the menu items are health conscious.

I don't mean health conscious to imply the entrees are like diet food or aren't very tasty, it's just not the same dining experience as Chili's or Culinary Dropout so keep that in mind.

There truly are not a lot of places like Nourish in the East Valley, it's a gem and you will find yourself coming back.
I went to this restaurant about a month ago with my fiance and was very pleased. I am GFCF and have a few other miscellaneous food intolerances and the staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. The food was very good AND healthy. My fiance who is not GFCF really enjoyed his food, so don't let the allergen-avoidance culture if you don't need to eat that way.. I'm sure you'll find something you like on the menu!
Love being healthy and eating here is easy to be healthy. I just recently started going here regularly. I didn't see the old menu but the new one is fantastic. Brown rice wraps are really good and you can put whatever you want in them. You do have to park underground and walk up but, hey adds to being healthy so don't mind the little walk. The sweet potato fries are cooked in air but are crispy like they were fried. Comes with a sauce i normally would not even try but works deliciously with it!
This place is so nice ! You feel relaxed , yet its still very nice.  Our server was awesome and very attentive without being overbearing.  He had a lot of knowledge of their menu and made a very awesome recommendation ! Love that you can add whatever you want to your meal - I added chicken ! :)
I was here tonight with a group of 40 fellow convetion goers and the service was terrible.  We waited over an hour and our server never got around to taking our orders.  Many in our party began to help the wait staff bring out drink orders  because it was taking more than an hour.  The staff was very disorganized and got many of the orders incorrect.  We had a pre fixe menu set a week in advance for our group and it seemed they were unprepared.  After an hour and a half of waiting aound several tables paid and left for other nearby restaurants.  Our friends who stayed behind were apalled at the 20% mandatory gratuity.  Overall the worst dining experience many of us have ever had.  Absolutely inexcusable.  They should rename their restaurant Malnourish.
I went here with my mom for a birthday lunch. It was hard to find after parking in the underground parking but eventually we made our way into the small restaurant. The service and food were good but nothing very special. 
I would like to go back for happy hour after reading other reviews but other than that would probably not be in dire need to return.
If I could leave zero stars, I would.  Came here with a large group of 40+ for a dinner that was arranged with the restaurant weeks in advance.  When we arrived, they were still clearly unprepared (one of the guys on staff seemed entirely put out that we were there).  Rather than taking everyone's drink orders, they served one table (4-6 people) at a time.  Took almost an hour for my table to get drinks, and after an hour and a half, my table left to go elsewhere to eat because they hadn't even TAKEN our food order yet.  

Considering this was a Tuesday night and the restaurant had few customers, you would think they would do a frigging jig about a large party coming in with a guaranteed dollar amount to be spent per head (due to the prix fixe menu that was put together for our group when the reservation was made).  Instead, we left hungry and irritated.
Came here with a colleague during our work training/seminar in Chandler area and she recommend this place for dinner.   Boy it was such a treat to see a wide selection on the menu of healthy choices.

All dishes are gluten-free and soy-free; made from fresh ingredients.  =)
The menu have different color icons that lets you know if it's dairy free, egg free, raw, vegetarian, vegan, etc.  In addition, if an icon is grayed out or crossed out, it means not recommended for anyone that has food allergy.

Our favorites:
*Mixed berry smoothie
*Mango smoothie
*Sweet potato and avocado salad
*Glazed roasted 1/2 chicken
*Veggie pasta
*Tilapia
*Dutch apple crumble
*Chocolate torte

I love their motto at the front of the entrance:
1)  Nourish:  Feed your body, mind and soul
2)  "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well" - Virginia Woolf

If I'm ever in AZ again...I'll definitely hit up this place again.  =)
Their veggie pesto plate was good... but it wasn't special. I also had the black bean hummus which was a mistake. My brothers both had burgers, again, nothing to come back to, but nothing absolutely terrible. Their service is SUPER slow, and it's pretty pricey. On the plus side, it's pretty healthy, so if your desperate for a healthy meal but not necessarily a memorable one, come here.
Very uneven experiences!  My friend went to Nourish on Wednesday Feb 15, she liked the food and the service.  So I went with 4 friends on Thursday Feb 16 @ 11:30 and the only good thing I could say was that the setting in Optima is pretty...there was a serious shortage of help!  It took a very long time to get food, which was lukewarm except for burned sweet potato fries, all around us tables weren't bussed, people were very annoyed.  Only 2 waiters to cover all tables, so I can't blame the servers, rather management didn't plan on lunchtime crowds.   I think the menu is way too ambitious, the spinach quiche should be called "bacon quiche" , etc.  
BUT again my friend tried Nourish on FRIDAY Feb 17 and said it was great, good service, warm food.  pretty funny, because I see the review by Michael S on the same day.  go figure
Whenever I travel, I always use Yelp (duh) to find vegan friendly places to eat. And I was so delighted to find this gem! 
I got the nut "meat" tacos with Jicama as the wrap. And with the tacos you got to choose a side (fantastic when traveling on a budget!) so I got the butternut squash. So yummy. I love my veggie carbs! 

I also could not resist a slice of raw chocolate cake. Raw desserts are my weakness. The cake was smooth and dreamy. Save room for this dessert or order to go.
I'm travelling this week and in the middle of a paleo challenge (from the Super Bowl til March Madness, eating strict paleo). The two combined make for an interesting challenge.  So, I turned to Yelp and found Nourish, which serves healthy, gluten free, soy free food.  Their menu is labeled for different allergens and diets including paleo; how awesome is that!

Everything on the menu looked great, but I stuck to those that had the little paleo icon by them and got fish tacos on a jicama shell with the avocado and sweet potato salad.  The fish was nicely seasoned and the jicama shell was a really cool way to use jicama.  I do wish I had more pico and guacamole for the tacos, though.  The saldad was a nice juxtaposition of texture, the creamy avocado and the firmer sweet potato.  

The desserts were just as good looking. I had the paleo dutch apple crunch which was good. The crumble topping, made of pumpkin seeds, flax and walnuts could have been a little sweeter, but I liked it just the same. 

The Chef's Choice gelato tonight was a Whiskey cream gelato, and that seemed cheat worthy (but I stuck to my paleo challenge).

Overall, it wasn't too too expensive for healthy specialty food. Paleo, yummy, healthy and not overly expensive - all good things in my book!
Nourish used to be one of my favorite places since I'm gluten free. However they recently changed their menu and it isn't nearly as good as doesn't have close to as many options. The service is so poor on Saturday that it took forever to get our food, our table wasn't wiped from the party before and we'd asked them to numerous times to take care of it and my food wasn't prepared as ordered. Its so sad that such a great gem was reduced to this.
This place is just NOT what it used to be.  Ive tried it twice more, on the hope the bad food and service was a fluke.  Im sad to say they have not redeemed themselves and I wont be back for the ice cold chili (which is dangerous to serve btw), the overpriced little salads, and the rancid nut burgers. 
Something happened to this place, it was so good when they opened. I met one of the owners; talented and friendly.  Now even the menu looks like it came from a bad Chinese food restaurant. 
:o(
We were thrilled to find this gem on a recent trip to Scottsdale, Arizona. Amazing food, innovative menu, lovely patio and gracious staff. If you are GF and in Scottsdale, this is a must!
If you are looking for a healthy alternative to anywhere in the scottsdale/phx area you may leave this place feeling like you've lost weight.
This place is good for those with lots of dietary restrictions or who are real health nuts.  For the rest of us, the food is unmemorable and overpriced.
Nourish does serve a niche market for the "freaks" (this is their terminology in jest) at the table who are allergic to nuts, eggs, gluten, corn ... or who want to aim for a vegetarian, vegan, raw, or paleo diet.   I'm just not that in that niche.

If you are in or interested in these niches, you should visit.   Do note, it's on the expensive side. 

Food is more nutritious than delicious.
good impression for a first time. although the place was frighteningly quiet for lunch time, we sat and ordered 4 small meals to try variety. 
avo and potato, veggie pasta, spring rolls, lemon hummus. 
all super healthy, but did lack in flavour and this is probably due to the substandard produce used. would be much better serving organic produce and food to add the flavour to the simple veggie and vegan dishes. hence their organic coffee was very tasty and worth the trip alone.
good for those seeking a healthy vegetarian based meal to fuel your body... as oppose to a taste motivated experience.
I visited Nourish today with a couple of friends who were on their lunch break. They work in the same complex and have eaten there before, but it was my first time. I work in the industry and don't normally write reviews on Yelp, but my visit today warrants one.

I only noticed two servers on the floor which seemed pretty fair for the number of customers in the building. Besides our table of five, there were two tables on the patio and one other inside, needless to say...it was not very busy, and we were the biggest party there. 

The service was curt, but I assumed the two servers on duty were busy taking care of other things so I didn't expect them to check on us every five seconds. Albeit, our server barely succeeded at the basics--our drinks weren't refilled until she noticed they were completely empty, and it took her longer than anticipated to grab our checks. (My friends were on a time limit and had to hunt her down to ask for them!) 

She finally brought everyone their checks and we noticed that she added a 20% gratuity to the bill, which baffled all of us. I understand the need for an automatic grat on a party of eight or more, but there was only five of us, and we definitely did not want to tip her 20% for her lackluster service. 

I'm still trying to figure out why this happened, as well as if I'll be back again or not.
We went here for the first time last night and were pretty happy with everything. Our four year old son has every allergy imaginable except for nuts and eggs so this place sounded like a good idea. The service was very slow but the waitress was pleasant. We ordered all the appetizers except for one. The Quinoa Tabouli was yummy but a very small portion for $6. The Lemon Hummus did not have much flavor but came with a nice sized plate of veggies so we were alright with it. The Air-Fried Sweet Potato Fries were really good and a big hit with my son. The Veggie Pasta was my husband's and my favorite and a very close second for my son. The Three-Bean Chili was cold, too spicy and gross. They had 2 differect kinds of iced tea and they were both good and came with free refills. I have to give this place 4 stars because all in all, we were very pleased with our meal and experience here. We will be back to try some different dishes.
Nourish is a ciliac, gluten-free, paleo, dairy free eaters dream come true.  Having a friend who is all of these, its hard to find a really fun, nuveau, place to take him.  This place has everything a normal trendy Scottsdale restaurant would have to offer, but all diet restrictions apply.  Even desserts.  He was in heaven to have banana cream pie.  Even my organic sangria tasted better than "normal".  Would definitely come again to try something a little more adventureous.  I ordered the Grass fed burger with air-fried sweet potato fries.  It was yummy.
I need to update my review.  I went to Nourish tonight and was pleasantly surprised.  In the past the food and my service have just been okay.  Tonight, my protein burger with a side of avocado and sweet potato salad were excellent.  Service was good too.  The menu has changed since the last time I visited too.  I will give this place a few more tries!
I ate here a few times when I moved into the condo complex upstairs and was unimpressed with Nourish.  Last week, I revisit nourish and was presently surprised!  So surprised, I need to update my review.  The menu and food have improved.  I had a protein burger and it was very good. My side of avocado/sweet potato salad was excellent as well.  This place will accommodate any food need (allergy/preference).  As a vegetarian, in plan to eat here more frequently now!
Took my BFF to Nourish for lunch for her birthday.  We had been eager to try the restaurant - she is vegetarian and we both really like fresh, healthy food - so this seemed like the perfect place. 

When we were trying to decide what to get, I asked the server for suggestions.  When I told her I was thinking of the spaghetti and meatballs, she made a face and told me to let her know how it was because she had been scared to try it.  Ummm, scared to try a dish on the menu at the place she works?  Hmmm....

I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs anyway and it was very good.  I am not vegetarian but, I found the dish to be delicious and very satisfying. 

My friend ordered the Lemon Basil Pasta and the Air Fried Sweet Potato Fries.  The fries were delicious.  The Lemon Basil Pasta - not so much.  My friend got a few bites into her dish and she couldn't eat any more - said it was way too lemony.  So, I tasted it and couldn't believe it.  It was like they spiral sliced some veggies and then poured straight lemon juice on top.  Not just a little squeeze of lemon - there had to have been a half a cup of straight lemon juice poured on top.  It was lemon juice soup with some veggies.  It was inedible.  So, we told the server who was very nice about it and offered to exchange it for something different but by that point, my friends stomach was so sour, she didn't want anything else.  

Then the owner came over and said she heard that we didn't like the pasta.  So, we explained that the straight lemon juice poured over the veggies was just way too much.  She asked us in a very defensive, slightly sarcastic manner if we didn't realize that the LEMON Basil Pasta would taste like lemon?  We were stunned.  Of course we realized it would taste like lemon but, had no idea they would take pure lemon juice and just dump it over the veggies.  The owner didn't offer any apology, explanation - nothing - just walked away.  

The server did comp my friend's pasta dish but, I have to say, the owner's reaction was startling.  I follow them on facebook, love the concept of the restaurant, love the classes the offer and had been so looking forward to trying their restaurant but, I was pretty disappointed in the actual experience.
On a lovely, hot summer Tuesday, I was craving some of their raw nut tacos in a jicama shell, but was rejected by a locked door.  Hours of operation weren't posted so I didn't know if they were out of business or what.  I eventually logged on to the website and found out that they have special summer hours and they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays.  I also found out that the raw nut tacos that I was craving were no longer on the menu.  

I attempted to revisit my dining experience on a lovely, hot summer Thursday with the $12 raw spaghetti and meatballs dish, this time I was successful in my attempt.  I was seated and given a glass of water promptly.  The meatballs were overly spiced, but worked well if I smashed it into the rest of the dish for even distribution.  The water tasted like it's not filtered at all and not a lot you can do with that, but put a lemon in it to mask the arsenic.

The server asked if I wanted any dessert, so I asked for the menu and was pointed towards the chalkboard with the listed treats.  I opted for the banana strawberry chocolate cake with an undisclosed price.  When it was brought to the table the presentation was lacking, but even more so the strawberry topping was too tart to eat.  I took several bites and wasn't too thrilled with the lack of sensation it left on my taste buds.  It was not your typical endorphin inducing dessert.

Service was good for only one server on the floor during slow hours and I don't have any complaints there.  

The reason for 3 out of 5 stars (deductions as follows): 

-.5 points - hours not listed at the door
-.5 points - invest in filtered water
-.5 points - undisclosed price of dessert ($7)
-.5 points - the flavor of the dessert
___________________________________
- 2 Stars
We have been here twice now and we love coming! It's really far from our home in Glendale but the (truly) healthy options are worth the drive!
Favorite place to go to in the Valley given I have a million food allergies. Never had a bad dish here and I've probably been a dozen times in the past 10 months. The service can be a little on the slow side, but I always go with good friends so it's not an issue.
Pretty limited menu. Order a bowl. Try the white tea. Don't order the salmon or the 1/2 chicken... Not worth it.
Food was not impressive and flavorless.  My three bean chili was served cold, so the cheese barely melted.   My friends also felt that their food was mediocre and they both did not finish it.  Service took forever, what was supposed to be a 1 hour meet up lunch took nearly 1 1/2 hours because we had to wait around for our waitress who kept forgetting things... like order!
This place is genius in concept!  The menu is coded with every dietary need possible, but you can just order a cheeseburger as well.  This is NOT a Vegan restaurant, although it is often labeled as such.  
It just has a lot of Vegan options.  It also offers options to Paleo Diet followers, which I have never seen before!  Great for those of you following Whole30 as well.  

Lot's of options.  Great for dates or groups.  I will definitely be frequenting this place.  YUM, YUM, YUM.
As people with food allergies, this is the place to go. It was easy to choose - well as far as allergies go, the many delicious-sounding options made it harder. And everything was delicious! From the cocktails to the apps to the entrees to the desserts. And everything was healthy. You CAN have your cake & eat it too (even if you're gluten & egg free)!
Nice to have this very healthy option...Very good food and a comfortable setup..
{love} And I really could end my review there but I won't.

Although gluten free, vegan, dairy free, etc seem to be common buzz words lately and all of the rage in dietary choicIes, some of us have to eat that way for healthy reasons. I love the idea of being able to go to a restaurant that has a menu that basically caters to what MY needs are. Perfect, right? 

The menu is easy to read and clearly states what each dish is (vegan, gluten free, etc), which is a huge help to not have to ask the staff "Are you SURE this doesn't have milk in it?" I also found the choice to be varied and the food was really tasty. I am a fan! 

Nourish is an example of why I love living in a big city. You can actually go out to eat and get quality, delicious food that is tummy friendly without breaking the bank. I can't wait to go back!!
Love that they have vegan options, love that they are educated about GMO's, food allergies, etc. and, I love their raw burger, well, I used to, I had it tonight and it was hard, like really hard. It used to be DELICIOUS!!! I picked up my food to go and waited quite a bit before anyone even said hello, or took my order. I noticed a couple of customers walk up to the bar to ask for service, one I know wanted more peanut sauce. Before I got my food a mother and son had walked out and they were both shaking their heads. It felt uncomfortable there. I was there a couple of months ago for lunch, had the same uncomfortable feeling but the food was great. And, several months ago I was there with my boyfriend on a Friday night and everything was good, I don't know what's going on. I will give it a little bit before I return, IF I return, I really do applaud the owners of their concept especially on the GMO issue.
This place is good, but overpriced.  Food has always been solid, but nothing overly exciting or creative.  I don't seek this place out, but will stop by when in a bind for a quick, healthy meal.
I hadn't heard of Nourish until one morning while flipping through the TV channels, I came across a segment on one of the morning magazine shows.  Being Vegan and gluten free, I am limited to restaurants and I'm always looking for something that can fit within my restrictions. After seeing the owner of the restaurant on the show I couldn't wait to try it. Three of us went one night for a birthday celebration. 
 
We arrived at 7:30 pm.  We weren't sure where to go once in the door.  We assumed we were supposed to walk down the long unwelcoming hallway. We did and found a counter and a sign asking to wait to be seated. We waited and waited and waited...all the while we watched two Servers pass us a few times and neither one addressed us.  I wanted to give up and leave but my friend suggested we stick it out a bit longer.  Finally one of them told us to sit anywhere.  We did and again began to wait and wait and wait. Finally our Sever came to the table and handed us menus and walked away without saying a word.  We began another very long wait.  Once again I wanted to just leave but we thought we'd stick it out.  He came back and took our order.  Didn't ask if we had ever been there before and didn't offer to explain the menu.  
 
For our appetizers we had sweet potato fries and the avocado and sweet potato salad.  The fries were good but a bit burned (not sure how that happens with air baking) and the salad was great.  For dinner we had the salmon and a rice bowl.  The salmon was way over priced and dried out and the rice bowl was inedible.  We did not see our Server throughout the meal.
 
As if the poor service and bad food wasn't enough ...at about 8:15 pm, while there were four tables sat with dinner guests, the Servers put the chairs upside down on top of all the empty tables.  I could not believe it.  While people were still dining!  We were appalled.  New guests arrived and saw the tables and walked out.  I actually took a picture showing our table with our meals and the tables around us with chairs stacked on them.  Forty-five minutes before closing and while people were still trying to have their meals.  NOT GOOD!
 
I thought that perhaps we just hit this on a bad night but apparently that was the norm.  I had dinner with a friend a few nights later and she shared that she and her husband had a very similar experience at lunch just a couple of days after we were there.  They, like us, will never go back.  
 
Also, on a hygiene note:  clothing is very dirty, especially where people sit.  It is nasty to put a chair on top of a table...people eat their meals on the tables.  Think about that!  I realize that is common for cleaning floors in restaurants but it is disgusting! Especially in a place that's trying to be healthy. I would suggest to move the chairs from under the tables to clean the floors and keep them on the floor.  Never put them on top of the tables...that's just gross!  And if you continue to do it that way, for more than one reason, I would strongly suggest that you not do that while customers are in your restaurant.   

A missed opportunity for this restaurant!  

Never to return!
Ya know, when you've been there a few times and you've always tipped pretty well they should be able to give you a glass of water and a clean fork. 

If you want a pure vegan restaurant, this is not one. There is a high likelihood that the food that prepared your salad and soup was used to prepare someone's steak (as in real animal products are served here in addition to the 'oh, by the way, we're vegan' stuff). 

With the attitude of the wait staff (who should be playing professional football or hockey based on his completely unaccomodating demeanor) don't expect a great dining experience. 

If you don't mind the greasy cheap implements and the poor wait staff attitude, the very average, unexciting food is sure to put you in the mood...The mood to leave without eating your meal. 

This is stuff you can make at home. The flavors are ok. The texture is not epic.  There is nothing that I have seen that gives me a reason to continue paying about 50% more than I should for food I know how to make on my own. Well, maybe the high tech building they occupy is interesting. 

Save your cash.  Go elsewhere.  In fact, find a place that is ALL plant based so you won't get sick from the animal fat they didn't get cleaned off of your silverware too.
I'm so happy places like this exist. I have such a finicky diet nowadays with various adult intolerances...wtf happened to me? Anyways, places like this make it all better. Everything was GF, which was the best part. There were also a lot of super healthy unique dishes and ingredients to help one feel even better about their consumption experience. We ordered the sweet potato fries which came with an interesting apple spiced dip, kale salad with blackberries, figs, strawberries, etc. As well as a zucchini pasta with nut meatballs and a raw tomato sauce. This was especially good, but a smaller portion. There were also good beer and wine options and yummy healthier lemonade. 
I definitely enjoyed it and felt very satisfied and HEALTHY upon leaving.
Soooooooo good and they let you have your pups in the garden!
I always get quite excited when I can get the nutrition I'm looking for in interesting dishes AND my traditional-eating-company enjoys their meals. 

Meat & potatoes guy had bean chili with meat added. Plane Jane eating woman loved her soup of the day and air-fried yam fries. There were many options that looked good for this GF-vegan, and I went with a simple pesto covered salad. 

The decor and vibe lacked a comfy cozy feel entirely, but I hope to head back there next time I'm in town.
I love this place. The food is great and SUPER healthy. They have tons of vegan and gluten free options. Its great this time of year when you can sit outside and eat.
This place is the BEST!! Everything Gluten Free on the whole menu!! They take such good care of the ingredients they put in their food that you can order anything you want on the menu without worry. 

My only gripe is that there are not more locations because I would eat it for lunch everyday if I could. Foods awesome and prices are reasonable too!!
We used to love this place but they changed their menu and format. Went from 5 star to ECCCH ! Haven't been here for awhile. I have been recommending this place to all my vegetarian friends. Hope they will still talk to me. It is now over priced and very hard for a vegan to find a few choices. Last night corned beef and cabbage special ?
WE want our old menu back PLEASE.
By for now.
A friend recommended Nourish to me since I'm a "healthy eater" so I had high expectations and really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, I was deeply disappointed. Not only did the restaurant have uneducated servers and misinformed nutritional tendencies (catering to trendy diets not fundamental healthy eating) but the food was terrible too. 

My husband had the grass-fed burger which was over-processed, tough and potentially steam-cooked - it had no browning on the surface and looked almost gray. It was on a horrible brown rice bun that was weirdly textured (it had an odd mouth feel and tasted like styrofoam) and was served soggy (juice that should have been in the burger was all over the plate and the bun was placed directly in the middle of it). I had the grass-fed beef tenderloin salad which was ok but the beef was overcooked and dry, there were some cold onions that were overwhelmingly salty and the dressing was too vinegary. The sangria wasn't good either, it was over-spiced. 

The hummus (a side to the burger) was quite tasty but a bit overly-garlicky (and desperately needed pita) and the horseradish mustard was superb. 

We will definitely never go back.
This is a great place for dietary restrictions - vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, raw, soy-free, you name it.  The menu items are labeled with a little code system so you know which dishes are "nut free", "vegetarian", "egg free", "raw", and many more!   

For what it is, I give it four stars.  That said, if you don't have dietary restrictions, this place might be just ok - it's just not one of those ridiculously delicious places.  

We've had dinner here several times, and the food is tasty enough considering how healthy it is.   The avocado sweet potato salad is tasty, and the terryaki rice bowl and healthy protein burger are quite nice (no bun, yummy pesto on top).

The place is a little difficult to get to, since it's inside a condo complex.  The parking is in an underground garage and you walk up some stairs to the restaurant.  It has a cute sign, a lovely patio and nice little tables inside.
Pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  The location is somewhat hidden and you have to park your car downstairs in the garage and then figure out how to get up to the restaurant.  That aside, the place was cute and we were able to sit outside. Our server was helpful, but the food seemed to take a long time.  As for the food itself, it was just okay. My husband had a beef burger and i had the protein burger. He was satisfied with his burger and mine was good as well, yet it wasn't quite firm enough to be called a burger.  It was pretty mushy, though tasty.  The quinoa tabouleh I had as a side was very good.  We also shared the butternut squash and beet salad, which we both enjoyed (especially with the candied walnuts).  I don't think I'd return to Nourish, but if you're looking for a menu with a variety of dietary options, it's worth a shot.
Absolutely one of my favorite vegetarian restaurant in town. Avocado and sweet potato salad is my favorite. The Mojito with organic ingredients is delicious
Just went to lunch with a co worker who eats a paleo diet. We were super excited to find a place that caters specifically to the paleo diet among other diets and after reading the menu online, felt like there were lots of options that sounded delicious. When I arrived there was parking underground but I was confused as to how to get from the garage to the restaurant. Once I figured that out, we met my friends  whod already been seated, on the outdoor patio and promptly moved indoors to the cool AC. The waitress took a while to take our drink orders and the food service was a tad slow, especially since I had my 4 year old with me and she kept whining about being hungry. There was no bread to keep her quiet during the wait. Their drink selection is very limited. I had a black iced tea with mint and my daughter had to settle for water because there was only unsweetened grapefruit soda and coconut water and iced tea as alternatives to water. They were out of the other two soda flavors and I was told they stopped serving lemonade recent;y. They would benefit from having juice ir things sweetened with cane sugar or honey. Maybe some kombucha? I ordered a chopped grass fed steak with mushrooms with the beet and butternut squash salad, my friend and my daughter ordered the grass fed beef burgers with bacon, one with a bun and one bunless. my friends boyfriend ordered the dame thing as me with the duck eggrolls as his side. When the burgers arrived my friends came without lettuce and onions and my daughter had them so I gave them to her since my daughter wasnt going to eat them. The chopped steak turned out to be a burger. It was decent tasting. A little bland though. I had to add salt which I never do when I go out to eat. The beet salad was super good. My daughter finished her burger but I had asked for a fruit side in lieu of the ones listed on the menu. There were strawberries and blackberries in the plate but the strawberries were brown and I wondered if theyd been covered in balsamic but when I tasted them they were dry, old and inedible. We finished out food which was ok and then she asked if we saved room for dessert and then informed us that the only thing they had left from their dessert menu was a mojito mousse. I figured my four year old would NOT like that option and opted to go elsewhere for dessert. Overall, I would say that this place doesnt warrant a second visit. It was nice to try it out but it was expensive and the food wand service were average at best. I left feeling kind of disappointed.
I enjoyed the healthy food. Tasted great and guilt free per it was organic and grass fed beef. The only thing I didn't like  was trying to find the restaurant. It seems hidden for a restaurant! Food was great. I will go again for sure!
Food was amazing. Accommodations for food allergies is the best I have ever seen. Great setting.  We'll be back all the time.
Today was the first time I have tried Picazzo's.  Since this location just opened this week, we thought we would give it a go for lunch.  Overall I think this place is pretty great.  The food, the atmospher, and just the fact their concept is: Organic, Natural, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free and they buy local.   Now you might be thinking, oh It's probably totally overpriced.  I didn't think so at all.  It was lunch so our waitress was a little overwelmed but super nice.   Check it out sometime.  They have cocktails too! 

Ambiance / Decor: A
Drinks: A ( Apricot Iced Tea)
Food: A
Service: B
Affordability: A
Most of their menu is gluten free - and SO amazing that their part of a celiac association! Everything is labeled so you know what you can eat and what you can't, but you can eat almost everything!

YOU HAVE TO TRY THEIR GLUTEN FREE PIZZA. This is THE most amazing crust I've ever had that's gluten free! It's a must have. Most everything else is organic and natural and you just feel GOOD after either their food. It's pretty pricey - but it's worth it. This would be such a good date restaurant too. Great on a date before the movies right above it! 

Oh, and try their watermelon mojito. It's pretty legit.
I fell in love with this place! The food, the atmosphere, the staff/management and they offer Organic, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free menu items. I've started a pretty constrictive diet, so I don't eat out much because of the ingredients involved but this is one of the few with a menu I have absolutely fallen in love with. I had the Gluten-Free Pesto Pasta w/ Grilled Chicken and Pinenuts. DELISH!!! It's a great spot to grab a bite before a movie or heading over to the Merc Bar (lounge). I highly reccomend checking this spot out, they have a handful of locations around the valley.
I love Picazzo's! 
I came here at the recommendation of a family member who can't have Gluten. Now I knew little about this place, just that the food was very good and they had at least a few gluten free items on the menu.
The restaurant is very nice. It's welcoming, comfortable, calm. Their concept is: Organic, Natural, Gluten-Free, preservative and hormone free and they buy locally. I was expecting a hefty pricetag, but was pleasantly surprised. Don't get me wrong, this is no cheap-eats type of place, but I felt I got what I paid for.
I came with a friend who had been here before . We ordered the baked wings with BBQ Chipotle sauce and Meat-Za Balls as appetizers and shared a small Vortex pizza with Picazzo's original crust for dinner and Eve's Temptation for dessert.
Everything was so good! Very flavorful and fresh tasting. The wings were perfect being baked, not fried. It was nice to have the wings drenched and sitting in a pool of sauce and grease. I especially loved the crunchiness of the crust.
The food was great, our waitress was spectacular. My only complaint was that we ordered the Organic Garlic and Brie plate and several minutes later were told they were out of brie then at dessert we were told they were out of the brownie. Ggrrrr!! Even though they were out of two things we really wanted, we were both very happy with what we were able to order.
I am disappointed that they are closed without any signs on the door or message on their voicemail. I loved Picazzo's in Sedona and was excited about one opening here in Phoenix, so I planned an office lunch party for the holiday and was shocked when we went there and saw the lights out and doors locked. Not a good way to keep customers, no matter how good the food is...
I was excited to try the new Picazzos location (I loved this place when I lived in Flag!) but arrived to a sign on the door saying that they are shut down because they didn't pay their rent - wtf?!  It ruined our dinner and a movie night out...
I can't put into words how much I love this place. The lettuce wraps are awesome and my favorite dish by far is the Garlic chicken. They use to have a mango chicken dish that I loved but no longer do. I wish they would bring it back but I love them so much they still get 5 stars.
The pictures are going to have to speak for me today because words can't describe how good this place was today.  Service beyond 5 stars and food was well beyond 5 stars ... This is the location right here.
My wife and I stopped today for a late lunch... About 2:00pm. Had the salmon lunch bowl, delicious! Great service, good food. We will go again!
Not a fan! Expensive and small portions! Combinations would be nice. My wife has an allergy and she can only eat off there Gluten Free menu. That is why the wife loves them. rice and chicken is cheap to make and they charge $14 a small plate. $4 for 2 egg rolls is a joke and that's happy hour price. I guess it will a ladies place from now on.

I only went because I received a gift card. I knew of these issues 10 years ago. It's not better!
PF Chang's is an excellent example of how much a really good manager can effect a resturant and the customer's experience.  Let me extend a special 'shout out' to Matt, the manager of the  Superstition Springs Blvd, in Mesa, AZ location.  

Today my husband, his 96 year old mother and I went to the PF Chang's located on  Superstition Springs Blvd.  We walked in and  were greeted by a bubbly hostess ~ she sat us . . . and then  it appeared we had been forgotten about.  After nearly 20 minutes of not being waited on at all my husband stopped an offical looking man, asking if he had any idea who our waiter might be.  The clean-cut man stopped what he was doing, took our drink order and offered us a complimentary appetizer as an apology.  He suggested the calamari ~ we accepted (although calamari has never been anything I found appetizing).  Within minutes we were served the most delicious calamari I have ever tasted.  It will forever change my thought about calamari, although I'll be surprised IF any place else can match the tenderness and light taste of what I ate tonight.  It was amazing.

We ordered our entrees and each one was delicious, obviously prepared with care.  My mother-in-law eats like a bird normally, but tonight she was eating like a hungry teenager.  She loved every bit and couldn't stop talking about coming back.

We will be back . . . with more guests.  Although we got off to a slow start, the manager, Matt, treated us like gold ~ actually, like valued customers.  I can't say enough about the Superstition Springs PF Chang's. 

Blessings
: ) KC
I had a horrible experience three weeks ago in this restaurant. When I called the manager, she apologized and insisted that the waitress in question would receive more training. Upon our return last weekend (Hey, I can't help it...I love the food), the manager came by to make sure everything was okay at least 4 times during the meal. It was completely unexpected, but she gave us a discount on our meal, and offered us free dessert. I was simply happy with the apology, but Maria went out of her way to make sure that we had a good dining experience that night. (For the record, we had our usual fantastic service from our waiter). Great people. Will definitely return.
Maybe it's me.  Maybe it was just bad luck.  But I've gotta say, our last (and unfortunately it will probably be exactly that) visit to PF Chang's was just horrible.  Service was slow as always, mainly because the place is typically packed with people.  No problem.  We weren't in a hurry and patiently waited the 30 minutes necessary to get a table.  Our server was attentive and had a fun attitude, so no problem there either.  

It was the food that was just unacceptable.  Overpriced for sure, but poorly prepared too.  Orange Peel Chicken was soggy and tasted like it was a three-day old left-over pulled from fridge and reheated in a microwave (really).  My son ordered the salmon and we had to send it back not once, but twice due to being undercooked.  The center was literally raw both times.  The last straw was when one of the junior "managers" came to the table to say that, "We cook the salmon that way on purpose."  Really?  As if it was sushi?  Wow.  

Sorry guys, you are just not worth it.
I purchased To Go a Moo Goo Gai Pan and a Sesame Chicken yesterday. So much is wrong with PF Chang's. First, the amount of food was not worth $30.00. Second, the Sesame Chicken is noted on your menu as "spicy". Not even close...it actually had NO flavor. Last, the Moo Goo Gai Pan sauce was actually water. Absolutely no flavor, no sauce was added. It was tasteless and awful. Panda Express way better and much, much cheaper. You've been warned.
I get very frustrated with restaurants that have misguided management practices... With PF Changs, they will make you wait 15 to 20 minutes minimum even if the restaurant is empty.  The management of this mediocre restaurant chain seems to believe by making every guest wait, it ads an air of exclusivity or some sort of scarcity mentality of desirability to their marketing efforts.  They pulled this nonsense on my wife and I today and we walked out, went next door to BJ's and were promptly seated, despite their restaurant being far more busy than P. F. Chang's.  Back when P.F. Changs was briefly the trendy and cool place to go, I enjoyed the food and service, but now that the bloom has worn of the rose and they still try this nonsense of making customers wait, despite available seating, they are just annoying and very trailer-park in atmosphere.  Avoid this restaurant, it is a charade of a business that it once was and does not merit putting up with their silly seating practices.
This is our favorite restaurant, we usually eat here once a week. Service and food are always amazing. We never have any issues or problems! Management always stops by our table to see how everything was! Sometimes the chicken fried rice is spicier then other times and i am a wussy when it comes to spice, but it does not stop us from going!
About a month ago we went to the Mesa PF Changs for dinner...... Long story short, the service was mediocre and disappointing at best.  We paid the bill and a manager walked over, knowing we were dissatisfied with the quality of service and food, handed me a card for a free appetizer to redeem on our next visit.  So they were not willing to compensate us for THIS miserable visit, but they were assuming we would want to come back. Hence the coupon.   I took it and we left. About two weeks later, my son asked my husband and I to pick up dinner for him on the way home from our date night. We went out to another restaurant for date night, but my son, requested that we pick up PF Changs for him.  My husband and I go in and sit down at the bar to order the meal to go. We both ordered cocktails while we looked over the menu. We ordered my son a $15.00 meal to go and had a bar tab going at this point. We were stuffed from dinner, but I remembered I had the free appetizer coupon in my purse. I pulled it out and asked the bartender if there was any way we could use it for a little dessert instead of an appetizer since we were not hungry for dinner. He called over the "manager"  Matt.   We explained to Matt that we would love to use our "shitty service coupon " on a dessert instead of an appetizer. With the most condiscending tone and attitude he says "Oh sorry that can only be used for an appetizer." So, confused at Matt's stupidity and aloof attitude and nonexistent customer service skills ( HELLO IDIOT!!!!!!! Do you not even wonder how we got the stupid free food card in the first place!!!)  You think possessing that card would be a red flag that states "TAKE CARE OF THIS CUSTOMER!!!!!".  So, after mulling over Matt's ingnorance over not giving me a $4.95 dessert, that probably costs them $1.00 to make, I ordered the most expensive appetizer on the menu, $10 shrimp. We had it wrapped up to go.   My husband and I must have been obviously miffed, and I still am not sure how the slick and perceptive bartender relayed the message to Matt,  but as we were paying our bill for the drinks and my sons food, Matt walks up to us and says, "Can I get you two a desert, and Recommends the banana egg rolls, which are, I must admit fabulous!!!!  We both looked at him like the wacko that he is and said "No thanks, we are just leaving."  So, to recap, We had a miserable visit, they tried to compensate with a coupon for our next visit, but on our next visit we left more aggravated than on the initial miserable visit.  Hence this lengthy review..... Customer service is common sense based. You either possess it or you don't .   I have no desire to ever return to this location. Too many fabulous places to eat and spend my money with people who appreciate my business and who realize that Customers like me are the ones who keep them working!!!!!   Ugggg! Even more frustrated that I just spend 30 minutes of my life writing this review .  I hope it saves some other poor soul the trouble of eating at this location.
My experience was like the others posted here.  Went to the Mesa location for the first time Saturday night.  Haven't really had the urge for Changs but I had a gift card to use.  Sit down... notice how small the restaruant is compared to the other Changs, weird.  And they sat us at the little two-seater in the middle of the room, I hate that! Anyway, about 10 mins later, no server in sight, the manager asked if we have had our drink order taken.  We hadn't, so he took it, by that point we were ready to order and he took that too.  He did apologize for the tardy introduction from our server.  I used to be a server at the Chandler Changs so I know what standards this restaruant holds and let me tell you this location doesn't hold up to them.  The table had food particles left on it.  The chili, soy and vinegar bottles had residue on them.  Hot water and hand soap cleans this up real nice, when I worked there we had to have clean bottles on our table!  Our server comes by with our drinks sets them down and walks away.  Didn't even introduce herself, we didn't know if she was our server or not.  Few minutes later she comes back and drops off the "sauce" and mixes it quickly and explains that by adding more chili sauce it will make it hotter.... that was it!  You are supposed to explain what the sauce is and ask your guests how hot they want the sauce and explain what all the sauces mean.  Or by all means ask them if they have ever been to the restaurant before and by chance you won't have to explain it because your guests already know what it is.  She was lacking on the communication.  Food comes, just okay.  Not the taste I remember from my days of working there which is why I rarely go to Changs anymore.  Very pricing.  Kung Pao Scallops were $17.95, they used to be $12.95, Wow!  Crab fried rice was not to my liking.  The "server assistant" or busser (whatever they are called nowdays) refilled our drinks but not quickly.  He brought us new ones from the kitchen instead of refilling them with the pitcher (it was ice tea) not sure why... but it took forever. Won't bother with this place again.
It's very entertaining reading the reviews on here. I have been to this location multiple times, this is my first review. The restaurant is very clean, decent in size not small as some reviewers say. Although I've been to locations in both Oregon and las Vegas which were bigger this is by no means "small" I have never waited, and I have always been given a booth, even today and I am alone! Most restaurants would refuse to give a solo person a booth. So that earns extra points. Within a few minutes I meet my waitress who brings me water without even asking. The happy hour menu is good, it uses to be great a year or so ago but they removed some of my favorites , but don't fret! The still have classics on there like lettuce wraps and fried green beans (2 of my personal favorites) 

So today i ordered a glass of wine, the crispy green beans and the flaming won tons. The favors between the Fried veggie, the dipping sauce it comes with is like a mnage a tois in your mouth. Add in the sweet yet spicy flaming wontons and boom! Well you know what happens :)

The portions vs price ration is swell. No complaints here. 

I am full yet tempted to order more just because it tastes so damn good. 


I drafted this review with 4 stars, but decided I would love to end my mean with the banana spring roll dessert minus the banana rolls ( long story short teeth are sore and cant bite into things) my waitress what cool about it and have me exactly what I wanted! 5th star earned :)

I reccomend this joint and if you've been here in 2010 and gave it bad reviews, come in now in 2012 and see what you think!
Food and service are exceptional every time we go. All PF Chang's are that way in my experience. The Sea Bass and anything with their scallops are on my plate!
I love chang's spicy chicken!!!!! ( I ask them to make it extra spicy).  We come here with family whenever they're in town and we never have problems even though we have a big group.  Big groups are the way to go at this place!  That way everyone can order something different and you can try lots of things...everything is good.
We came here tonight for my birthday dinner.  It was just wonderful.  The restaurant was packed but we got a table right away.  The food was fresh and the portions were large.  We had enough leftover for several meals.  I really like this restaurant for a nicer night out.  It is a bit pricey for everyday though.
We visited Mesa's PF Chang's twice this month & savored each bite of our meal!  Delicious. The salt & pepper prawns always brings us back. It's the best thing on the menu!!! We heard from PF Chang's management today that they've been taken over by a business conglomerate who is planning on taking several things off of he menu on the next few months, including salt & pepper prawns!! PF Chang fans out there, join me in conveying to management not to change a thing!!! It's a success because of the products they produce -- that's why they have remained a favorite for so many years!
Had supper here thursday night, Feb. 7, 2013.  Food very bland, you can do better.

Service: 4 stars (our waitress was very attentive) 
Ambiance: 3 stars (casual setting, a bit noisy)
Cleanliness:  3 stars (appeared to be clean and well kept)
Food: 1 star (factory food, bland, all tasted the same, soggy shrimp) 
Price: 2 stars (while not the cheapest the prices are mid-range)
4 of us just spent a wonderful evening at P.F. Chang's at Superstition.
The service was great, and the food excellent. We were there at 5:00, and time went quickly. We will be back
One of the worst dining experiences in present memory. I took my elder parents the store Superstion Springs blvd for my mother's 79th birthday and we could not have had a more miserable experience. First we made reservations for 530, well below a normal dinner rush and was given the worst table in the restuarant next to the kitchen.  Not only was it next to the kitchen where I was sitting at the table, because they manager/hostess did not give enough room for people to walk by, I was ask three times by the hostess to tuck my seat in so they could get people by.  Here is an idea chose a different route through the restaurant.  secondly as we were next to the kitchen I was bumped twice by the servers swinging around the corner, while they apologized this should not be happening.  Furthermore busing of our table was nonexistant as I stake dishes that sat for at least 5 minutes each time as multiple servers and managers walked by the table. Top it off with the food was cold and I had to send it back to get reheated. Where the manager broguht it back who was poitnless. I worked in the rest industry for years in every facet and this one of the worst run experiences I have had in a long time. We set a rez we should in turn be given a table that is at least middle of the road not the worst and having our food come out cold, my mother was to proud to sen dit back it unforgivable. I take clients out to lunch on a regular basis and 2-3 times a month I will take them to a PF Changs as it is good suburban Asian food, I will never take them to a Pf Changs again.  I was goign to refrain from saying anything more than awhat I had alreayd told the staff as we were leaving but having lunch with my mother today and hear express how unhappy she was with her birthday dinner, as shed said at least the company was good. Horrible experience
My last visit to P.F. Chang's was my best so far. Normally this is not the type of food that I enjoy as the sauces they use don't really mesh with my taste buds, but I was pleasantly surprised by the food the last time I was there. I have now come around to enjoy the lettuce wraps and the crab wontons were pretty awesome! I also really liked the seabass that I ordered as my main entree.
Love the lettuce wraps...........that is all. No really that is all.
Pork dumplings pan fried. You won't regret it.


We have come to this P.F. Changs a few times and the food is normally great. This specific time we came it was all terrible. We were seated right away which was great but the server seemed kinda out of it. He kept forgetting what we ordered and sat down in the booth while taking our order. The food wasnt very good at all, I was very disapointed in this expereince. I will probably continue to eat at P.F changs but maybe another location.
I've been to P.F. Chang's many times and had better experiences at other locations. I'm not sure if it's the location or just a fluke, but both my dish and my boyfriend's were EXTREMELY salty....I mean I physically winced when eating it. The service was perfectly fine, but too much of a salt assault.
I've been to this location many times for both take-out and dine in. Lunch and Happy Hour are my favorite times to go.  I enjoy the food and for some reason they have the best chocolate cake I've managed to have.  I'm not sure why there's is the best but it most definitely is!
We have been here several times in the past. This experience was a little less pleasurable. We were greeted and immediately seated. We ordered drinks. Should it take 10 minutes to get a soda and beer? We ordered the P.F. Chang's for two. So we waited another 10 minutes to get the soup and appetizer. The main course was up 25 minutes after we ordered. The food was super as always. We ordered dessert and I ordered another beer. When they brought the dessert I mentioned to my wife "I hope they don't charge me for the second beer because I didn't get it". The waitress overheard me and got it immediately. 
   The portions were large as I needed a to go box. The dessert was very decadent and rich. There was rock and roll music in the background which took away from the ambiance. Somewhere during the meal a waitress dropped a tray of food or dishes which made a huge racket. 
    The manager happened by sometime before we left and I mentioned that this place wasn't rated that great on Yelp. He said "I read those things and laugh".
   We come here about once a year for special occasions. The food is what we like and are willing the put up with the slow service and lack of ambiance.
I order take out from this location about once per week. I'm gluten sensitive and enjoy that the chain supports gluten free orders with a special menu, gluten free soy sauce, and even a dessert option.  
That said this location could be so much better!   Although the lunch bartender from whom I usually pick up my order from is excellent, when he's not there my results vary. Also sometimes my food is way way too salty, as others here have mentioned. I also feel you pay a lot for the chain advertising and fancy locations.
We ate here on a recent Thursday evening, our 5th or 6th return visit, and were not disappointed. Service was prompt and attentive, and food was, for the most part, delicious and very attractively presented. Crab wontons and Lemon chicken for my husband are staples. I ordered Beef Szechuan , which was good, but a bit overwhelmed with julienned celery and carrots. Also, the beef was a tad tough and a bit hard to find amidst all that celery. I would have preferred a bit more meat and a little less celery and carrots, although I do like vegetables. In fact, we ordered a side of garlic sauted spinach which was perfectly prepared. As a surprise bonus, we were given an order of honey chicken....mistakenly prepared in the kitchen, and we were the lucky beneficiaries.

I see other reviews which describe the food as either too salty or too bland. This has never been our experience. Nor have we ever experienced anything other than superb and prompt service. The food and decor make for a pleasant dining experience, and we look forward to returning. The only thing I would change is the background rock music which strikes a discordant note in this otherwise fun place for a night out.
Another reason to enjoy a meal at PF Changs, ( aside from good food )....that mural on the wall is not just wallpaper. Custom hand painted, ( every P F Changs has a different one) it depicts an authentic Chinese legend or folk tale, which your waiter or waitress will be happy to share with you. A little flyer telling the story  tucked inside the menu would be nice. This is too special to go unappreciated. We have enjoyed dinner here so many times and never knew this until our friendly hostess pointed it out to us. If you're into storytelling, or have children along, don't fail to appreciate!
Stopped in for happy hour.  Just beat the Friday night rush. Happy hour menu had a good selection, little slow out of the kitchen. Service at the bar slow as well. Perhaps a little understaffed. Food and drinks were good. Nothing special, but above average. Lots of places to choose from in the area, this is one of the more consistent restaurants.
PF is probably one of my favorite restaurants out there. For one, they offer a nice gluten free menu and the food is always great. I have eaten at MANY different locations. We have many lunch meetings for work and take our clients to PF Changs all of the time. It has always been the one restaurant to never disappoint me. Well until now. Me and my family recently moved and this is the closest location to us. I will never eat here again! The service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress skipped over us, our food took over an hour with the excuse that gluten free entrees take longer. Yea well not at any of the other locations. The food tasted great as always but I would way rather take the drive to another location to get better and faster service. Especially with hungry little ones. Never again.
First time at PF Chang's in years. Tuesday evening and the place was still 1/3 full-good sign. My wife and I were seated in five minutes and we were quickly greeted. 

Our server, Zachary, offered us drinks and went thru the seasonal menu. We ordered from the gluten free menu, so we couldn't take him up on any specials, since none of them were GF. 

My wife ordered a glass of wine and I got a pot of Dragon Eye Oolong tea. The drinks were served in 7 minutes. The tea was rather spectacular. Good herbal notes with a definite citrus finish. 

We had also ordered Chang's signature appetizer: lettuce cups. Tasty marinated chicken, water chestnuts and green onions served over crispy rice noodles and a side of lettuce. Delicious. 

Our entrees arrived after 15 more minutes. My bride of 30 years ordered the GF Singapore Street Noodles while I ordered a cup of Hot and Sour Soup (not GF) and GF Chang's Spicy Chicken. The noodles were better than ordinary chow mien: the noodles were pan-fried, giving them great texture. There were plenty of shrimps and chicken pieces. The Spicy Chicken was their version of General's Chicken. Not as crunchy as GC but very good. A bit sweet so I just added Sriracha to it. 

Zachary did an outstanding job keeping the table clean and his guests happy. Our dinner totaled $53 before tip. 

We will he returning.
Stopped in to grab a cocktail. They were good but bartender was not paying attention to what was ordered.
The best part of this place is Nicole the bartender.  She is always helpful, and very knowledgeable about how everything is prepared.

For the most part the nice thing about P F Chang's is consistency.  No matter where you go the food is always prepared exactly the same the way it should be. 

My only gripe is the price.  For what you get it is over priced, the food and drinks.  My average bill is $50.00 for two and we typically split an entree and small side, and both have a couple of beers.

In east mesa if you are looking for Chinese this is the best place I have found.
Oh my!  I'm so glad I went here for my birthday.  They were prompt in seating us.  Also, the waitress was very fast with taking our orders.  When the food came, it was piping hot!  First, egg rolls were big and tasty.  Then the egg drop soup was great!  I recommend it with those crispy noodles!  I ate the whole thing!  Then I had the Lo Mein!  It was a huge portion!  Great delicious meal!  Then for my birthday, I had my choose of free dessert.  I got the Chocolate Peanut Butter Crunch Cake.  It was fantastic!  Love this restaurant!  The ambience is great!  The service was perfect!  And...I enjoyed my birthday dinner!  I will be back!
I was there for the Grand Opening and it was delightful, this location is in  Cave Creek and with the Sonoran desert as your backdrop how can you go wrong.This was my first experience with raw vegan food, and I must say it was very good.  Raw foods being used for healing the body and gluten free foods to promote health not a bad combination at all. The nutty falafel was with almond hummus was my favorite of all that I tasted. Chef Sara was warm and welcoming to her guest so this event was a hit. I know she will do well with this location.
The restaurant has a nice ambiance, the service was good. The night I went they had live music that added to the nice ambiance. I had marinara sauce with zucchini noodles and cheese cake for desert. I felt that the garlic was hugely overpowering in the entree and I generally found it unsatisfying, especially for the price. The cheesecake was pretty good but certainly not worth the price either.  In short, I would not go back as I felt it was overpriced and I felt unsatisfied when I left. I love to eat healthy, organic food but not at the expense of taste.
The Wife and I were in search of a healthy and hearty meal on Friday night and we decided to try the raw vegan academy cafe.  

The ambiance is very nice and even uplifting.  The walls are painted rich inviting colors and the place just has a nice energy.

The food was delicious.  Chef Sara was there herself and you could tell the food was made with love and care.  I had Sara's Salad and my wife had the pizza.  The ingredients were all of very high quality, the vegetables very fresh, and the food was delicious.  In keeping with high quality and healthy food, both my wife and I felt great afterward.

The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you get.  The cost winds up being $15 -$20 per person for a full meal.

Reading some of the other reviews, frankly I am a little puzzled.  If you're looking for a bargain and your standard low quality everyday food, Dairy Queen is right next door.  If you're looking for tasty, fresh, nutritious food this place is it.  We'll definitely be back for more.
PHENOMENAL. A very creative menu, delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere. I had the "pizza" and my husband had the Chef's salad, which were both wonderful. The best part was the sugarless chocolate pie dessert. I felt so good after this meal, as opposed to feeling a bit sick and nauseous after most restaurant meals. It was very filling and satisfying. I woke up the next morning feeling great too. 

We also had a long chat with Chef Sara about healthy eating and her diet philosophies, which was quite enlightening.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Once you start eating healthy food like this on a regular basis you just can never go back to the fatty, greasy, salty, sugary, unhealthy standard american diet. 

Even if you aren't a vegan or health foodie, this place is worth checking out as the menu is so interesting and creative. It's amazing what you can do with vegetables!
I had a fabulous experience today! Chef Sara was very friendly and super helpful with the menu. She did let us know she was out of some ingredients though and so the menu was rather limited. This disappointed me at first, so I ordered something that would have been probably my 3rd choice. I got the "Rawgasmic" sandwich and let me tell you I was not disappointed in the least! The bread was a amazing and the spreads were so flavorful. The sandwich was topped with so many colorful, fresh organic veggies too. I was completely full and satisfied after eating this. My friend ordered the marinara zuchinni noodle bowl and I swear she inhaled it before I could ask for a taste.

I also loved the decor and even took some photos around the place to copy in my own decor. Yes, it is pricier than your average lunch joint, but I'd rather pay extra here than at some second rate chain. Here I know all the ingredients have a purpose and are all fresh, organic and carefully chosen. The menu is so creative and the plate ends up looking like a work of art. So yeah, I'll pay a couple extra dollars for that. I wish I had room for dessert because the dessert tray looked incredible.
If you are looking for only raw vegan food, this is your place.  Nothing is cooked, everyhthing is 100% raw.  They offer a variety of creative options from appetizers, wraps, soups, pizza and pasta.  They have freshly squeezed juices, smoothies and a variety of different health shots.  The dessert is yummy as well.  This is a must try!
As a resident of WI, I am a believer that every meal requires meat, cheese and/or beer.  And usually frying at least one of those.  WIth this in mind, I truly have no idea why I tried a Chef Sara's Vegan Cafe.  Either way, I am  extremely glad I did.  I have since been back twice for lunch so this review will focus on the lunch options.

At face value, the lunch was pricey.  Each entree was $16 so you can plan on spending at least $20 for lunch once you include tip.  But once you eat, you realize that you are paying for HIGH QUALITY food (which I am ok with).  If you prefer a larger amount of crappier food, I suggest Golden Corral.  The food from Chef Sara is outstanding and homemade, and many people don't realize how labor intensive/time consuming creating raw-vegan food is. The price is fair given the VALUE .  And value is clear once you try the food.

Additionally, the human body knows exactly what to do with the ingredients, so you are left feeling satiated.  The trick is to eat, then wait about 15-20 minutes before you decide if you are still hungry. I finished eating at 12:30 and was full until dinner at 6:30. Keep in mind I usually eat about 4-5 plates at an Indian buffet and down 40oz steaks like they are SLIDERS.  I once ate 14 HOTDOGS at a baseball game... and yeah, Chef Sara's little sandwich kept me until dinner.  Wasn't expecting that...

SERVICE: The service was exceptional, though both times the place was fairly empty, so I was able to talk to Chef Sara personally.  She was very kind and very helpful when deciding what I should try.  THe food was made quickly, I was in and out in about 30 mins (I even took my time eating).

DECOR: The decor....well... it is relaxing and all that, for those that care (I don't).  

FOOD: The flavor of the food was great.  Nothing was bland.  The rawrgasmic sandwich was flavorful.  The quiche was very dense and filling.  My only complaint was that the quiche had a VERY strong garlic flavor, which was fine with ME....but not so much with the people I had to talk to for the rest of the day.

BOTTOM LINE:  Men will like it because you can impress people with how open-minded/worldly you are that you eat raw-vegan.  Plus it is filling and very healthy.  Women will like it becasue of the presentation of the food and the health value. It can be a pricey lunch but the value is certainly there.  I will be a repeat customer.
Good service, fresh healthy food, knowledgeable staff and great location.  I saw a small sign for this place while driving through Cave Creek.  I used to live in the area but now live out of town.  I was about to grab some food in town at one of my old haunts when the thought of raw, vegan food was very appealing.  I came in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch.  It wasn't busy, but there were a couple of other patrons.  I was by myself and couldn't help thinking my boyfriend might squawk at this food decision (and the overall ambiance - too new age-y for most dudes I've dated).  However, once a guy tastes the food, I am sure he would be impressed.  They have a vast menu, but the server let me know what was available (they make everything fresh).  As an appetizer, I had a shot of wheat grass (and the waitress let me know the best way to consume it -- holding it in your mouth and swishing it around before swallowing).  For the main course, I went with the Veggie Burger, which was more like a reverse veggie burger (two raw onion bread patties on the outside and filling on the inside).  I don't like mushrooms so the waitress substituted hummus instead.  The sandwich was pretty large and very filling.  It came with a side of whipped, chilled butternut squash (?) which was delicious as well.  When I was done, Chef Sara greeted me personally.  You can tell that she takes a lot of pride in the quality of her food -- as she should!  If I lived closer, I would definitely return -- especially because I really wanted to try other stuff on the menu, particularly the Coconut Ravioli.
A friend has been raving about this place for close to a year, and she recently offered to take me here for my birthday. I figured it would be good, but I also thought it might leave a little something to be desired (that it might not be filling, that all the desserts would taste like a variation on a larabar, etc) 
I have to say, it was AMAZING! Not just good for raw, vegan food, but some of the best food I have had. I had the Rawgasmic sandwich, and it was one of the those meals where I had to stop the conversation a few times because I really wanted to savor each bite. 
For dessert we shared the Tiramisu. It really tasted like Tiramisu, only better!
And my concern that it would not be filling was not an issue. I ate everything on my plate, but I was so stuffed I was wishing I had asked for a box. I still felt satisfied the next morning, which was surprising since I always wake up hungry, even after I've had a huge meal for dinner.
I went here over the weekend with my best friend.  The atmosphere was quiet and cozy.  I have never been to a raw vegan restaurant and was unsure of the food, if I would like it and would I get enough.  Everything surpassed my expectations.  The food was wonderful, and the "dessert" was healthy and amazing!  I can't wait to go back.  Chef Sara was an inspiration, I wish nothing but the best for her.  Even if you aren't vegan, this place is fabulous!!  Give it a try.
A lot of choices, but pricey. If you are looking to try a totally new experience, this is the place. The soups are excellent, full of taste and flavor and the hummus is wonderful. I had the raw sandwich which was excellent. It is a little on the pricey side and they only have 1 booster chair, so if you need multiple high chairs, this would be an issue.
Very slow service. Was overcharged for clearly marked items by Chef Sara herself, who then couldn't (or wouldn't) print me a receipt after the fact. 

Really disappointed. The food was fine but I'd never go back based on the level of service I experienced from the chef/owner and the way she talks to her employees.
Only eaten here once, but chef Sarah has an extensive menu and is very accommodating about making modifications to suit you.  Will definitely eat here again.

This place also has quite a bit of outdoor seating and is dog friendly.
I am in agreement with Anna G. below.  The menu is extensive but our choices for the day were very limited as Chef Sara "did not have this" or " was out of that".  It is also way overpriced by about 30 percent I feel.  I took a friend there who is vegan as a way to be thoughtful but she opted not to have anything because of the price and limited availability of menu items.  I settled on a 9 dollar bowl of carrot soup and a jasimine tea. The soup was actually very tasty but I inhaled it and we left.  I am also suprised the cafe has survived given it's hidden locale off Cave Creek Road.
2-1-13
Incredible dining experience in a meticulously clean and charming cafe.  Chef Sara was accommodating, friendly, and highly informative and knowledgeable regarding a healthy and nutritious life style.  As well, Chef Sara provided a detailed review of the variety of menu options available that evening and assisted us with our selections.  Food portions were generously sized, fresh, and delectable.  A "seasoned" and most talented chef that strives to ensure guests receive an exceptional, unique, and healthy dining experience at Raw Vegan Cafe!
The food is outstanding - exactly what 'True Foods' promises to be and is not. Chef Sara is a master with raw ingredients, creating wonderful combinations with subtle and spicy flavors. 

We ate the Rawtastic Combo Platter Appetizer with 3 dips and kale salad, and a 5-seed cracker that needs to be seen and tasted to be believed. Then we had the Rawgasmic Sandwich on home made pumpernickel and the Falafel Wrap inside Nori - excellent! Get ready for a little garlic. 

For dessert the Pecan Pie with medjool dates topped off one of the best meals we've had out in a while. All of this is in a cute little place up a hard-to-see dirt road in Cave Creek. Who knew? 

Word of warning: go early. We arrived at 5:30pm on a Saturday night and they were understaffed to handle even a small rush of a crowd that came in around 6:30pm. Chef Sara is a magnificent chef and personality.
We loved this place!  The orgasmic sandwich was incredible!  We loved that we felt full and nourished and - could barely finish our food.  We are vegan and we'd love to be raw - we wish she'd open a place closer to Phoenix!  We HIGHLY recommend this place.  We'll be back.
This is the real deal! Finally! A cafe in No. Scottsdale, (Cave Creek), that really does serve healthy food. You can dine on healthy green drinks and smoothies, eat an absolutely delicious raw vegan meal, and feel completely satisfied and nourished, even if you're not vegan or raw.  We love this place for it's ambiance, Chef Sara's energy, and the fresh, organic original tasty dishes. 

We've eaten the Pizza, Rawgasmic sandwich, quiche, wraps, and chocolate mouse for desert. Everything is so good, you would have no idea it was so healthy!

The menu is extensive, so not all items are served every day. Just go with the flow.

It's on the pricey side, but remember, raw organic food is a labor of love, and it nourishes your heart and soul. It's worth every penny! We'll return over and over! Thank you, Chef Sara, for bringing this gem in the desert to us!
I love this place and the food here is incredible! Although since Chef Sarah makes everything herself be sure to only come here when you have plenty of time! But it's worth the wait!:)
Excellent fresh food and great service
Chef Sara overcharged me at the register by about 6 dollars!! I couldn't believe it! Lunch was 18 dollars!! I asked her to print a reciept and she said she "couldn't". What a joke. Will never go back. ALso very big menu but they only have a few select items each day. I also didn't like being preached to while I was eating! Will NEVER go back!
So excited to go there for my BDay lunch. Sign on door says closed July & August!!! Really?  No mention of that on Yelp (says it was open) or on their website!!  
Understand you need a break but be considerate to future patrons & post it!!!  It is a drive for us to go & it would have been nice to know you were closed!!
My wife and I were out shooting a wedding, but had time for a good lunch. I read some of the reviews here and the one and two star reviews made me scratch my head. Raw vegan takes a while and is more expensive. Just the way it is. And it's totally worth it. A healthier lifestyle takes effort, but we feel better everyday because of it. Chef Sara and her employee/assistant both welcomed us and talked us through their menu. As we shared stories of why we'd all chosen the vegan way, we knew we were in the right place. We had the quiche with kale salad and the rawgasmic sandwich with sweet potato pure. Holy untouched cow, batman! Both meals were satisfying and fantastic. We will be back and recommend Chef Sara's restaurant to everyone.
Had the restaurant all to ourselves last night.  The food was phenomenal - kohlrabi + rutabaga ravioli, the rawtastic sandwich and the spinach quiche.  The crust on everything was unmatched; the flavors really came together well and we were very impressed.

As others have mentioned, it's pricey (had two slices of pie afterwards - fig and pecan - which added $20 to the bill ($10/each), which seemed a bit much), but we had chef Sara's full attention.  The service was great, the attention to detail impeccable, and the food really was divine.  I'll be back.
We visit Cave Creek a few times a year, but in our first return as vegetarians, we knew we had to go here to eat and learn more about eating raw, specifically.

The place was packed with locals, so that's always a good sign, and we selected a variety of items, including the spinach soup, rawgasmic sandwich, and "chip and dip" sampler.

Get beyond the fact that the soup will be lukewarm, because it's really good and fresh and a nice way to start the meal. The sauces/pures are bright and the seed "chips" have a good texture and taste. The sandwich was the topper, though--definitely the item to order.

I'm not saying the food is for everyone, in fact, I know a lot of closed-minded folks that wouldn't even give it a go, but this ex-carnivore, candyvore, junk food junkie is really enjoying the discovery of fresh, healthy, raw meals that are made and presented with such care. Truly lovely.

We liked everything so much that we bought the book, which lays out easy sauce and dehydration recipes.
What a gem of a find! I'm from LA and came for Thanksgiving to see my family and Chef Sarah has made it possible for me to eat amazing raw food my entire trip. Chef Sarah sits down at the table and carefully explains everything on the menu at this quaint little wood cottage restaurant. I've eaten here for 3 days and loved everything. They even have a greenhouse in the back where they grow sprouts and wheatgrass. Thanks so much for helping me have the perfect holiday Chef Sarah!
This place is hilarious! We went with family. My cousins step mom was trying to make sure to include her boyfriend in holiday fun since he is vegan and she did not realize that there was a difference between raw and vegan food. Understandable mistake. Everyone was totally willing to try something new BUT this place is like a bad episode of Portlandia. 

The menu sounded ok. We were told to sit and the chef would come around and tell us what on the menu we were studying was available for the day. We said ok and started reading the extensive menu. We ordered some tea. The lemon one was great but the Hibiscus tea my cousin and I ordered tasted like we were licking the earth. It was disgusting. So we asked if we could just trade it out for the lemon or if she could just take them away. The server seemed nervous and said she would ask the chef. She came back without asking the chef and said that she would fix the problem by putting coconut sugar in it. We tried it and let her know that it was still just not our cup of tea. FINALLY she agreed we could switch teas. 

At this point we had been sitting for about 20 minutes waiting for the famous chef to let us know what we were allowed to order off of the menu. Still no sign of her except to ask if the door open was making us cold. We decided to pay for our teas and cut our losses. If you have a craving for raw food, the desire to be in cave creek, and 4 hours to kill this might be the place for you. I will stick with cooked vegan food at Green or Braggs Factory Diner.
Seriously amazing. was so completely impressed with food, service and ambiance. Truly is as good as it gets! Getting takeout as I can;t stop thinking about the pesto zuchinini noodles!!
Chef Sara's is my idea of the GOLD STANDARD OF QUALITY in The Valley of the Sun. It's that good; as good as gold. And I'm not saying that after a single trip, but after innumerable trips. (Also, I would never consider reviewing a restaurant after a single trip and imagine that my review ought to even hold the weight of a feather in terms of credibility.)  In fact, I'd go as far to say that Chef Sara's is a crowning achievement of culinary excellence in The Valley; using only the finest, freshest organic ingredients, and nothing that has been deranged (i.e. destroyed by cooking it into oblivion). Chef Sara then takes the finest raw materials Nature can provide and she creates truly unique, imaginative, and innovative meals (see pics) like nothing else in the entire Valley!  
 
In fact, the food at Chef Sara's is so energizing, so nourishing, so delightful, that I eagerly make the 50-mile trip, each way, from Ahwatukee with my eyes full of wild anticipation all the way there; and then there's a bright, satisfied light coming from those from same eyes all the way back - as a warm glow envelopes every inch of my soul.  

The food at Chef Sara's is the elixir of life, and she does it up right. Every bite, an explosion of joy, an exclamation point of taste, as lustrous as silk rolling across my tongue. Each flavor is a moment to savor. My favorite is the RAWgasmic sandwich, a genuine foodgasm if there ever was one; as each glorious morsel that parades over my taste buds feels as if the bands are playing, the flags are waving, and the fireworks are flying! Though, in my mind, everything at Chef Sara's is first-rate, as if you're eating off a silver platter and drinking from a golden chalice. 

In fact, I'd say that Chef Sara's is actually everything the more popular and venerated (Un)True Food Kitchen only portends to be. That's because the food at Chef Sara's is actually REAL, authentic, unadulterated, TRUE food.  And while I'm thinking about it, I'd venture to say that "real," in anything, tastes better, looks better, feels better, and is more alluring, captivating, and appealing - to the all of the senses.  If you think about it, people are naturally more attracted to anything that is authentic; more attracted to the simple; more attracted to the healthy; more attracted to the happy! 

We generally don't like the fake (unless it's fake fur/leather). We don't like fake in people (and all the lies/illusions/distortions/excuses/rationalizations/being emotionally frozen in childhood/etc.), and we certainly don't like the consequences of the fake. Even fake food has to made palatable so its makers can brag about it being "real" and "authentic." It's not. Putting a disguise on something that's inherently phony cannot suddenly make that something "real." My fellow Yelpers, you can't fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren. There's nothing like being REAL. Nothing.

And no one does REAL better than Chef Sara. She doesn't need to brag about her food. (Only the fake needs a trumpet to brag about its alleged virtue and quality.) The food at Chef Sara's speaks for itself. And nothing's more REAL than when all the sugarcoating has worn off; when the mask has been chucked aside; when all pretense has been dropped; when all the lies have been untangled; when all the illusions have been stripped away; when the true colors are on display and all that's left is the absolute, unvarnished truth. Chef Sara's is real food; real flavor; and real healthy. Amen.
Flavors are amazing and a great opportunity to learn more about food. Chef Sara was very accommodating and interesting.  While the pace is a bit slow it is worth the wait. We will be back. Dont expect low prices and super fast service since chef sara creates everything herself from scratch for you.
The most incredible food I have ever tasted.  I took my daughter here for her birthday lunch and Chef Sara greeted us so warmly and her food was fresh, live, vegan.  I had no idea it would taste so darn good. She shared her story of why she opened the restaurant. She really is changing lives. Can't wait to go back and have the banana ice cream. Thank you Chef Sara we will be back.
Can't say enough good things about this place. Very much worth the drive, especially if you're looking to cap off a nice hike.  My wife and I wanted to try everything on the menu. Nothing disappointed. The place is cozy and Chef Sara was really cool.
Well, having been to the Monk's location in downtown Wisconsin Dells, WI and had a good experience, we thought we should try out the newest location closer to us. It was great. The atmosphere was great and enjoyable. The staff were extremely nice in every way. And the food... was just amazing. Some of the burgers are really different, and taste just awesome. The service was also quick, and got our food pretty fast. And the price, just wasn't to bad. We will defiantly going back here again.
In the former Applebee's location near the Costco. 
Interior has a sportsbar feel to it with a UW focus. 
Good place to go for a greasy burger.
Kind of a Madison bar sort of feel, with a college crew as staff.

Had a good beer selection, food was limited to burgers and sandwiches. The burgers were very good, the service was prompt without being overbearing. Only downside was that person in our party of three didn't want that sort of food.
Went for lunch with my husband.  We split nachos and a delicous pulled pork sandwich.  We really enjoyed the food, and thought it would be a great place to watch a game.  We were not impressed with our server, however, as he was very awkward, just not server material, and kept making comments about my conversation with my husband.  I found this rude and he made us uncomfortable.
Thursday night @ 8 o'clock, a piano player started taking requests in the bar.

Drank a Fat Tire, although @ $5 for a bottle it seemed a bit pricey.

Awesome mushroom & Swiss burger.

If I'm back in the area, I'd come back.
good sports bar atmosphere - VERY clean - Friendly staff - AMAZING FOOD - recommend the Wild West Burger, which was on of the best burgers I have ever had.  Good daily and weekly specials at $1-2 prices
Tried Monk's for the first time the other day. Wasn't really excited about going because it sounded like a very regular sports bar - burgers and fries sort of place. But my mom had a coupon and you know how mom's are when they have coupons. 

I was actually very surprised. Friendly greeting at the door and sat immediately. Waiter was on friendly and fast. Food was way better than I expected. I had their Cuban Sandwich (El Cubano I think it was called) and it was huge and very yummy. Bread was soft and the pork had great flavor. Got it with the chips which were delicious and not overly greasy which was a huge plus. Mom got a burger and I think my wife got a salad. Both seemed quite happy with the quality and portions. 

The place was busy - but not overly annoying at all. Very sports bar atmosphere with TVs and such - but it was nice and you could tell they really had things running smooth. I was pleasantly surprised and would go again to try other menu items.
We had a party of 13 with reservations for 7pm on a Thursday night. I'm glad I called ahead to be safe, but it wasn't needed. The place wasn't even close to full when we arrived and it was only starting to pick up when we left an hour and a half later.

I know it can be difficult to get everything straight with such a large group, but there were a few issues that arose. First, one of my dining buddies was the only person not to receive a water even though the waitress handed waters directly to each person (she didn't just put a bunch down and leave), so she should have noticed she was off one or checked to make sure. Second, the same person also didn't get her order of wine until I stopped our waitress and informed her. Third, my BF ordered fries and got chips. Fourth and last, my burger was supposed to come with BBQ and arrived without sauce.

The positive spin on this situation is that there were only four mix ups and they were somewhat minor. The waitresses and manager also made sure to correct the mistake as soon as it was brought to their attention. I can appreciate and respect that. It was a bit annoying, but at least something was done about it as soon as possible.

As far as the food, it was OK. I enjoyed the deep fried cheese curds, but be warned that "curds for the whole table" is really more like "curds for 3 people." We had a large table and ended up ordering two baskets of curds and wanting more. I really enjoyed the large, soft pretzel and cheese dip. I also thought the burger I ordered was pretty good. The meat patty wasn't all that interesting, but the jalapeno bacon gave it a nice flavor and the shredded carnitas was surprisingly tasty. I was sad when I requested the missing BBQ sauce, put it on and found it to be ridiculously sweet. It overpowered the burger and could have been left off completely.

All in all, I would recommend it for a large group if you're looking for an easy option to please everyone. It was incredibly close to the Fairfield Inn where we stayed, so it's convenient if you're in the area. I might try something else next time, but I wouldn't throw a fit if someone else suggests this place for another group dinner.
I've been to Monk's several times, primarily for lunch, and have never sat at the bar until this weekend.  Was pleased to find that Monk's offers a decent tap selection - two Capital offerings, a New Glarus, a Lake Louie, a Leinies, Blue Moon, House of Brews, and Lite.  Not bad for what is essentially a sports restaurant.

Plenty of crystal clear TVs in the bar.  And, while I never thought I'd hear myself say this, the televisions may be too large.  There were three or four 55" flat screens hanging side-by-side, all playing different programming, all within 10-12 feet of our seats, which made it very distracting and difficult to focus on a game or program.  (1st world problems... ain't they cruel?)

We ordered an appetizer - the braided pretzel, which arrived after just a few minutes.  It was soft, warm, very dense, and pretty decent.  The dipping sauces were solid, and the jalapeno cream cheese dip was a nice addition, even if it was a bit on the mild side.

Entrees consisted of a smoked brisket quesadilla (heavy smoke flavor, decent brisket) and a chicken philly sandwich with fries.  The chicken was plentiful, the cheese was perfectly creamy, and the onions/peppers/mushrooms were excellent.  A very decent sammie.  Battered fries sealed the deal.

Service was consistently good - we had two different bartenders, and both were friendly, prompt, and professional.

Monks = WIN

Food = 3.25 stars
Value = 3 stars
Service = 4 stars
MISC = 3 stars

This is probably a 3.5-star type of place.  The lunches are solid, the service has always been good, and the menu offers a ton of options.  You won't be disappointed!
Very friendly servers and fast service. I had the El Cubano sandwich and homemade chips. It was very tasty! On wish my cup of ranch on the side was bigger. Get two right away. I will return!
We went for lunch and a drink today so I'm basing this review on today.  The food was not great.  The bartender we had was very slow and seemed a bit out of it. We had to ask 3 times for our drinks.  The 2 guys next to us waited forever for their food. 
Very disappointing because inn the past we have always had FANTASTIC food & service! 
Hopefully they will fix the problem because we have really enjoyed Monks in the past.
This place is known for it's burgers but the server suggested shrimp tacos as well.  I went with the tacos and it was a fabulous taste when you add guacamole.
I have ordered twice from this restaurant through the grubhub delivery service. Their burguers are ok, they are kind of bland for my taste and The texture it's kind of grainy, whenever you chew on them you will find like little balls of fat or something like that. To be honest, I have tried better burguers. Their chips are nice since they keep crunchy for a long time. The only thing I like from there it's the southwestern chk sandwich, it has Cajun spices and the spicy ranch it's good. My boyfriend ordered the AA breakfast sandwich and he did not get the bacon it is supposed to have, I don't like it when they do that at the restaurants, they should try to be more careful in taking a good care of their customers.
I had the fish fry with tater tots.  Food was fast, hot and tasty.  It is not a 5 star restaurant but very well run restaurant.
Our first visit here and we were both very happy with the food, service, and atmosphere of Monk's.  We will definitely return.
There are good things about this place.  It is a great place to watch a game and the staff seems to care.  The menu is good and the food seems flavorful for a bar. My problem with this place is the last few times we have been there, the food is cold coming to my table.  I hate cold food.
My husband and I went to Monk's for lunch one day. We have returned a few times since. It is a nice place to have a quick lunch. We usually get good service.
Not impressed.  The service was mediocre (we went on a Friday night and they were dead).  I got the baked cod and asked if I could substitute a side salad in place of my potato option and coleslaw that comes with the fish dinner. The server told me I could, but it would be $5.49 extra.... I went and talked to the manager (it's absurd that a plate of lettuce would cost close to six bucks when the fish is already $12)....the manager assured me that they could in fact substitute a side salad and it would be a difference of $2.00.  My husband and 3 kids felt rushed (server probably wanted to be done or was next up to get cut since they were so slow on a Friday night) and none of us thought the food was anything to write home about.
We love this place!!! Great beer and speciality drinks to choose from. We enjoy the Wisconsin theme throughout the restaurant, bar, and menu. The menus have a lot of options to pick from. One if my go to favorites is their BBQ Chicken Wrap that's in a spinach wrap. The last time we dined here I upgraded my side to the cheese curds and my boyfriend to the monkey fries, both were amazing. The guys also enjoy their burgers (the black and blue burger and the Bucky badger burger). I did try their BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was not for me and I wouldn't try again. The BBQ sauce wasn't my favorite, it was a little to spicy. I tend to prefer a honey BBQ sauce. 
But we do love it here and recommend it strongly.
We loved the Badger theme throughout the restaurant! The burgers are incredible! I had the jalapeo burger and it was prepared with care and melted in my mouth! My partner had the Cuban sandwich and she said it was probably the best outside of Florida. We upgraded our sides to cheese curds and monkey fries. The curds were more like mozzarella sticks and came with marinara sauce - so good! And the monkey fries were yummy with lots of melted cheese n bacon! We will definitely be back!
Good service and excellent food, even at an off-hour. Comfortable and lots of screens for watching a game or event.
Monks makes a top notch fresh and flavorful burger - one of the best in town, and when not over cooked, a very juicy burger. Although the burgers comes with choice of excellent beer battered fries or home made chips, I recommend ordering a-la-carte and sharing a side of the fantastic cheese curds or hand battered onion rings. We recently tried the Monkey Fries and I can recommend these as well but try the cheese curds first. 

So excellent food, consistently good service, and competitive prices make this a five star spot.
Surprisingly good!  I started with a cup of Vietnamese pho, Whig was really delicious, followed by a Cuban sandwich.  The bread was really crispy, the carnitas was juicy and the cheese was Wisconsin Swiss. It was gone before I could say, "go Badgers!"

If you're  in the neighborhood and are looking for a quick, delicious lunch- Get In Here!
Decent menu, but food wasn't that great. Pears in the pear salad were from a can and the mahi tacos were no good. Monday fries were ok, not fantastic.
I've been to Monks a half dozen times now, and each time has been a fairly pleasant experience.  There's no wow factor, but its an upgrade on the usual pub experience for sure.  If Yelp had half stars this would be a 3 and 1/2.

The burgers and sandwiches are the big hits on the menu from what I've tasted, specifically the Jalapeno Burger and the Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich.  All the sides and sauces hit a home run, I really enjoy the cheese curds, kettle-style chips, and the pimento cheese sauce.  The BBQ sauce is passable and overall you get extremely generous portions.  In fact, that originally was my only gripe was that the portion sizes are a little out of control, but probably better that you get your money's worth.

The bar at the Middleton location is actually one of the better spots for sports in my opinion than other places around.  It's not a huge area, but they have plenty of large TVs that are easy to see, they play the game audio, and I've been in there for some badger games with a good crowd hooting it up.  The bartenders are friendly and social, all the times I've been they've given positive recommendations instead of just listing off the menu when asked.

Prices are a little steeper than your average pub or restaurant, with burgers being about $11 and specials in the $14-20 range.  I think the premium is mostly justified by their above average taste, but its certainly borderline with other places I like better for a similar price.

Monks is certainly worth trying, if you like a good burger and want to relax and watch a game, this is a good place to do so.
After two trips to Herb 'n Flavors I can confidently say it is my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Here's why:

The first dish I experienced was the taco platter. It was recommended by my waiter Emily. Grass fed beef topped with some special salsa and shredded cabbage, all on a soft taco served in quantities of three with a side of chilly so I didn't go home hungry. 

The second dish I tried was the GLT (gyro, lettuces, and tomato?). This was the most amazing sandwich! I have had traditional gyros before but not like this. This best part is the spinach dip that is put in the sandwich and on the side (ask for an extra pita to polish off what you don't finish with the sandwich). 

Some observations:
The dishes come with a healthy serving size (maybe a little too healthy). I didn't want to leave anything uneaten but I didn't have a hard time finishing it off either. The food is good and they know it, I think they are just making sure that you get your fill.

The waiters are very friendly and Brad, the manager, always checked in the make sure the food was five star quality. I had the pleasure of talking with the owner Sabeur Rouin a boisterous fellow who is also well know for his hummus company; Doctor Hummus. 

You see the kitchen right when you walk in the front door. I personally like this because you get to see all the action, including head chef Demani, who is superb at all things food. But if you choose to, you can be seated in the main dining area where the kitchen is out of sight and instead you see the beautiful murals and interior color palette painted by one Ashley Campbell. 

The atmosphere inside is very inviting, and for only opening one week ago I think that Herb 'n Flavors is already a fine addition to the Tempe dining scene.
Cheers!
-S
Ordered two sandwiches for carry out...falafel pita and a gyros.  Both were good.  My wife and I will come back.  I was greeted by Dr Hummus when I walked in the door.  

I found the gyros to be perfect, as did my wife.  My wife will be the first to let you know if she finds it too greasy.  This was not greasy.  It is my hope that this restaurant is a success.
Had to try this new place after hearing/reading about it.

I first had the lentil soup, which comes with some tasty and crunchy pita chips.  Comparing it to the best in town, I'd give it a 7 out of 10.

Also tried the hummus, the jalapeno cilantro with grilled chicken.  The chicken pieces were a LITTLE overcooked. It was good, but again, comparing it to the best I've had in town, it's about a 7 out of 10.

Went with the Spicy Grilled chicken wrap, and it was loaded with fresh veggies and the chicken WAS actually kinda spicy.  VERY LARGE portion.  It was wrapped in foil and kinda hard to get to it without the abundance of ingredients falling out onto the plate, but it had a pop of great flavor.  The one problem was that the pinto beans and rice inside the wrap were slightly undercooked - still had a little bit of "crunch" to them.  I would not order this again.

Like this place, but they can get better.  And I think they will.  Four stars for now, and another review later if they improve.
Large portions and friendly service.  The spicy chicken wrap ($9) was so huge I could only finish 1/4 of the wrap.  It was filled with a good portion of meat, veggie, and rice, and the spicy sauce was very flavorful.  Tried some gyro which was equally as good.  Although drinks such as fountain soda are a little pricey ($2.75), the iced tea and lemonades are freshly made and pretty refreshing (also $2.75).  There are a few kinks to still work out, such as figuring out the credit card processor (We were accidentally charged the wrong amount and they couldn't void the sale), but this is a great place to go for Mediterranean food.
MUST, MUST, MUST TRY THIS PLACE!! :) I logged into my Yelp account for the first time since I created it in 2010 JUST to recommend this place!

The atmosphere is as clean and fresh as the ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS FOOD! The food value and service is truly unsurpassed by anywhere else in the area (no exaggeration)! The owner is incredibly hospitable, frequently making rounds to get verdicts on the quality of food and service. The servers are super friendly and give excellent, knowledgeable recommendations on menu items based on dietary needs and general food preferences. 

We ordered the jalapeno-cilantro hummus with pita bread as an appetizer (totally mild, as I'm not being a fan of things that are spicy) and the SMALL is enough for four people to share...AND we were asking for more pita triangles because there was so much hummus on the plate!

I ordered the veggie wrap thinking that, at $8, I was paying for the organic ingredients and didn't really expect to get a very large portion and boy, was I wrong!! This thing was massive (and trust me, I can eat)...LITERALLY bigger than a Chipotle burrito!! The two pitas were STUFFED with brown rice, pinto beans and the best seasoned vegetables ever (I'm telling you, if  my veggies tasted like this all the time, I could easily be a herbivore). I could only eat half of a HALF of one and had more than enough leftover for a substantial dinner (the others I was with couldn't finish theirs, either).

You can tell that the owner and staff are genuinely passionate about the food and service that they are offering (our server even led us out just to open the door for us) and it is merely a testament to the "love" that went into this place.

:)
This is the place to go if you are looking for fresh, healthy food! The menu has tons of options for any sort of eater and serves many locally grown and/or organic foods. My personal favorite is the avocado, mozzarella and tomato!
Me and a friend rode our bikes here from Ahwatukee.  The ten miles each way was worth it for this place.  Absolute best Babba G'noush I'ver ever had, and the Chicken Fresca is my fave! Will be back for sure.
I went to this place today for lunch with a friend and I was excited to try it as it uses local ingredients (which is pretty cool). The place did not disappoint. The restaurant is very cutely decorated, which was not expected considering the plaza it is located it, the walls have really modern patterns on them in fun colors. When we walked in, it was a bit awkward because we were supposed to seat ourselves but we didn't know (no sign) so we kind of stood there and the hostess stood there and then finally we were told to seat ourselves. This wasn't a huge deal and will probably improve as the restaurant gets a bit older. For lunch we split the beef tacos and the chicken pita nini with the jalapeno pesto both on the recommendation of our waiter (who was very attentive). We both had water to drink and I liked that they took the time to use cucumber in their water, but garnish the glass with a lemon...a nice little detail. The pita nini was tasty and came with a creamy sauce on the side that was good on it. It wasn't spicy at all like I thought it might be, but it did have a very good flavor. The tacos were very tasty AND huge! There were three tacos that were overflowing with filling. They had pieces of beef, some cabbage, some cotija cheese, pico and avocado. They were marked as spicy on the menu, but I didn't find them very spicy. They were flavorful, however, and the portion can easily be shared between two people. The food was all very fresh which I thought was nice. This place could easily be overlooked, as it is not noticeable from the street or even from within the shopping center unless you are looking for it. Next time I would like to try the jalapeno cilantro hummus and one of the soups, but there will definitely be a next time. Don't miss out on this cute little restaurant!
As I write this I sit here enjoying one of their delicious dishes.  I was here for the first time several weeks ago and their chicken pizza and spanikopita were awesome.  The owner remembered me which is always a nice touch.  But what I like most is that he walks around and personally greets everyone to see how their experience is.  That's top notch! Having a new dish today which is incredibly tasty as well.  And the food is high quality, with fantastic tasting water.  So nice to not have to buy a bottle of water these days just to get a basic necessity of life!  And last but not least, the service is always great.
What an interesting little place! The food was amazing, and staff was extremely helpful and knowledgable. The cook actually heard us talking to the waitress about going vegetarian and he came out to tell us about other places to try, where to shop and even tips for nutritional supplements! The decor makes you feel like you are in Ikea, but other than that the place is fabulous!
I'm not drinking the kool aid. 

Sure the vegan spinach and artichoke dip and many types of hummus are amazing, that's what Dr. Hummus and Co does very, very well. They made their name on the farmers market circuit and deserve props for making consistent, solid hummus and dips. It's just too bad they didn't just stick to that.

The soups and salads failed to impress. Either woefully lacking or overly aggressive in flavor, which means there's a quality control issue because no kitchen would send product out if it tasted that off. The GLT was pretty good, mainly because of the awesome spinach and artichoke dip slathered on thick.

To top it all off, you're paying serious farmer market prices. Everything is about 20 percent more expensive that it has any right to be. (Go check out Munch A Lunch on the other side of Tempe for a cheap, humble Mediterranean lunch joint that exceeds where Herb N Flavor fails.) 

Stick to a counter-ordering system for sandwiches. With cheap IKEA decor and only three tables full at lunch time, there's no need for four waitstaff to be wandering around aimless and looking for something, anything, to do. Payroll is way higher than it should be.

Which is why they're charging three bucks for a glass of iced tea. Or eight bucks for a thin slather of spinach and artichoke dip on a platter when I could buy a whole tub of the stuff for the same price. And then I have to tip a luckluster waitstaff on top of everything? I walked out 45 bucks lighter and seriously unimpressed.

Y'all can keep it. If I'm going to frequent a small business with an awkward name, I'll head across the street to Beaver Choice in the future.
I had a wonderful experience at this locally owned Mediterranean restaurant. The staff was very courteous, and I loved that they were actually Mediterranean. Everything on the menu is organic and most of it locally grown, which in my book is a huge plus. I ordered the Mahi-Mahi and it was delicious. It was a little on the spicy side which is indicated on the menu, and I like spicy. As an appetizer I went with the Lentil soup and it was perfect. It wasn't overly flavorful but rather perfect for a cool evening, it warmed me right up. Even their tea, which is homemade, tasted great. They are brand new and still working out some issues in the kitchen as my girlfriend had to send her shrimp kabob back. They had slightly over cooked it. The owner apologized for the mistake, and they promptly corrected the issue bringing her out perfectly grilled shrimp. They are hidden in a failing shopping center behind a Burger King so if you're in the area please support this wonderful locally owned organic restaurant.
I like to support local/sustainable as well as mom n pop business especially n tempe so their local ingredient menu catering to anyone from omnivores to gluten free eaters caught my eye. I had never tried Dr hummus but I grew up on mcclintock so I noticed herb n flavors when it moved in. We had a leisurely lunch there..Bright friendly casual slow paced atmosphere.. wide variety- healthy menu selection. ordered puttanesca pasta and bbq chx pizza, both absolutely delicious and fresh. Servings big enuff to share. Ordered Refreshing lemonade and very good cappucinos one of which we got to go. Had with their baklava, nice and light not too sweet. Owner-manager was friendly and thoughtful, checking in on our food/service, pleasantly invited us back. Props for maintaning business as they r hidden behind burger king..don't go to Bk- drive past it and give this.place a chance!
I am a big fan of Dr. Hummus, and since I work right in Tempe I was delighted to hear he had his own restaurant.  After 2 visits, I am sadly disappointed.

On my first visit the place was pretty slow, so I got some very personable conversation and excellent prompt service.  I am a vegan and have been craving for mainly raw foods, so when I saw the Veggie Wrap chocked full of spinach, red peppers, zucchini, onions, etc., I was very excited.  What I got was a steamed mish-mash of all these wonderful ingredients (it was cooked, not raw at all, which the menu failed to mention).  I must say it was quite tasty, but not the healthy wrap I was craving.

My second trip was not nearly as personable or friendly as my first.  The restaurant was a bit busier, and after sitting at a table for well over 15 minutes being completely ignored without so much as even a "Hi" from the wait staff, I finally got up and left.  

I was really hoping this could be my new regular lunch spot, and as many of my colleagues are Indian (vegetarians) I was looking forward to bringing them here as well, but after a couple less than impressive visits to the restaurant I think I'll stick with getting Dr. Hummus at the markets.
I came here last night with John C to grab a bite to eat after he was telling me about this place.  It's a newer restaurant, and even though I've seen it a few times, finally stopped in here tonight.

The menu is huge, with a selection for everyone.  They have quite a few vegetarian dishes, along with meat, fish and chicken.  This place gets everything locally grown, and has mostly organtic, locally grown foods.  Place is well decorated and you seat yourself when you walk in.

John did most of the ordering.  I stuck with the falafel, and I really enjoyed it.  John ordered vegan spinach dip, hummus and veggie pizza.  Everything came out fine, but the veggie pizza had way to much broccoli on it.  I'm not a fan of broccoli, so I picked off the few pieces that we split between us.

The only downside was that the service here was a bit slow.  Took us a while to place our order, but overall, I will say that its probably because their new.  I would come back, but will probably try a few of their meat dishes next time I'm here.  They serve a lot of different dishes, so I can see myself trying a few different things upon returning!
Yes!!!  Finally!!!  YAYYY!!!  The world and Tempe needs more places like this.  Besides the fact that our food was delicious, everything is organic 'except the coke products'.  Plus, a lot of their ingredients are local to boot!  We had the hummus, yum, with pita bread and veggies (a nice spread of veggies, not just carrots and celery) followed by the Chicken Pesto Pizza, double yum.  AND the prices are very reasonable!  I strive for a mostly organic diet, which is not cheap, so...I'm not sure what some of these other reviews are talking about, but I think the prices are great!

Thank you Herbs n' Flavors for making an organic life style a little bit easier!
I don't know what it is about Herb 'n Flavors, but every time I go there something is off.    Don't get me wrong, overall they have some tasty dishes, but some others fall flat.  It's really hit or miss.  The first time I got the Spinach 4-Cheese Quesadilla and it was just too greasy and cheesy.  I know, I know it's "4-cheese", but there is a delicate balance with cheese.  My friend ordered it another time and the balance was much better.  The second time I went I got the Veggie Rice Bowl.  Wonderful seasoning, but they overcooked the tofu.  We also ordered the Vegan Spinach & Artichoke Dip.  No thanks.  My friend had the salmon - loved it.  My other friend got the Pollo Fresca and the Chicken Shawarma Wrap separate times.  He liked both. The 3rd time I ordered the Veggie Bowl without the tofu (much better).  The falafel fries are yummy.  The tiramisu is absolutely INCREDIBLE!  I must say the owner is really personable and KNOWS how to cater to his customers.  That type of treatment will keep me coming back for the things that I really enjoy.
Try the falafel fries with ketchup.  They were crunchy and tasty.  Also, I like that they buy their ingredients local!  The cilantro and jalapeo hummus was excellent.  It had just the right amount of "heat" and flavor on the fresh and floury pita points.  Didn't care for the babaganosh because it lacked substance and was almost like sourcream.  In general, I will be back to try other items on the menu and look forward to those falafel fries again.*
Just poor service and food in general. Really don't want to go into details but I did not have a good experience. The staff was not friendly and I spent a long time waiting for my food. My drink never got filled back up and the silverware seemed dirty. The food was average but cold.
Haven't done any reviews before but I felt obligated to warn everyone of this unsanitary resturaunt. The food was a bit cold but it was okay. I got home that evening and was extremely sick. I went to urgent care and they told me I had gotten food poising. I should have known not to try such a random little resturaunt. BEWARE!
This was our second time at Herb'n Flavors.  My husband ordered the special 1/2 pound hamburger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came well done.  The side dish of beet salad had rancid capers in it - yuch!  When we told the waitress about these problems, she just said she was sorry and did nothing to rectify the situation.  There are too many other good restaurants in town - We will never return.
I really had to prompt our server for the Herb n flavor "story" and she forgot to mention the daily special. Except for that our visit would have been 5star.  We ordered a small lentil soup which was good and held up well to the pita chips it is served with. Salad was tomato avocado and mozzarella slices served with scoop of bowtie pasta.
I'll admit I'm a sucker for places that serve local, organic food. But Herb'n Flavors was pretty darn good.

We arrived at 8:30pm and they close at 9:00pm so I was a little nervous that they were going to try and rush us or be rude and they were actually very welcoming and we didn't feel rushed at all which was nice.

I don't know why people are complaining about the prices. For the portions you get and the quality of food I think the prices are fair. 

Anyway, onto the food. The menu is quite extensive. Pizzas, sandwiches, pastas, salad, entrees - a good variety. I ordered off the specials menu - gluten-free chicken tenders and fries. The gluten-free breading was actually really good. I was a little nervous when the food first arrived because I thought the strips looked kinda dry but they weren't. It's just that they weren't as greasy as most places! The came with a really yummy spinach and artichoke dip for, well, dipping. It was a notch up from ranch dressing for sure. The fries were like steak fries (big, thick cut) which aren't my favorite but overall they were good. Again, not as greasy as fries elsewhere.

The decor is okay - all (or at least mostly) IKEA. But it works.

It's a local business worth supporting for sure. I would go back.
Personally, I do not have much interest in whether my food comes from local suppliers or not, and I have only a bit more interest in whether it is organic, but I have been here twice and have been pleased both times.

The grass-fed beef burger w/o a bun was not my idea of a burger, but it was cooked just right and was very tasty.

I have also had the Mediterranean salad and tomato soup, both of which were good. The tomato soup does not seem to be a bisque base, but maybe more of a gezpacho. Anyway, it looked like it was actually made from tomatoes.

What I like best about Herb 'n Flavors is that the food tastes like real food and not something that came out of a microwave. The water is refreshing (hint of cucumber and mint), and the decor is pleasant. I would recommend this place to others!
The Good: $1.75 per item tapas menu of dips, cheeses, and meets.  Gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian options.

The Bad:  The food was ok but the service and atmosphere are seriously lacking.  Very slow server.  (Would have given the place 3 stars if I didn't fall asleep at the table waiting for my bill)

What it comes down to is that there is nothing that this place does any better than a Pita Jungle.
Amidst the Pawn Shop, behind BK and next to the "Hydroponics" store is a gem of an airy bright restaurant that serves only organic with a high emphasis on local products. The entire strip mall has gotten a nice face lift.

The menu had mediterranean, italian and mexican food on it.  I had heard good things about the mediterranean food so that's what I went with. I attacked my chicken schwarma with a fork and knife because it was so big!  It was good but a little dry so I requested some additional sauce (which I didn't like) so I requested some hummus  ....they were very accommodating and very attentive.

They feature some specials that I think I should have gone with.....the beef street tacos looked amazing!

I'll be back to support Dr. Hummus' new restaurant!
Hi.  This review is really more about Dr. Hummus, which is a side business of the owner.  The hummus is without a doubt the best I've ever had and it's incredibly healthy and low calorie.  I've had most of the flavors and have yet to find one I don't like a lot.  They make a raw food hummus that is traditional tasting and yummy.  Sabeur, the owner, and Craig, the marketing manager and guy you'll most likely meet at the local farmers markets, are both genuinely nice, good people.  I went to the Farmer's Market last weekend to find they were out of the raw hummus.  Craig profusely apologized for running out and told me about the restaurant.  I drove their and Sabeur was expecting me as Craig called to let him know I was coming.  He ran to the Dr. Hummus location close by and brought what he had remaining.  Great customer service, incredibly polite and to top it off his chef gave me a pizza at no cost to try.  Vegan pizza and it was flavorful.  

It's rare to meet such genuinely people.  Treat them well and they will reciprocate!
I just had to give this local place that supports organic local farmers a 2nd try.  
This time I tried the Kale & Sauted Beets Salad and Vegan Tamales.....YUM!
Loved every bite of both.  The Kale Salad was loaded with big bites of perfectly cooked beets and a delicious citrus vinaigrette. 
The Tamales were filled with beans and topped with diced tomatoes.  I didn't miss the meat or cheese at all and I'm not a vegetarian! It was served with a scrumptious artichoke dip that was a creamy and cool topping to this pipping hot dish.

Way to go Saber....you nailed every part of this meal!
Great food! So fresh and so many delicious options! Actually good gluten free pizza, most places its like a cracker, but this was a great consistency. Amazing service as well! Highly recommend!
Yummy food! Good prices.  I love the fact there's organic/whole foods available.  I usually get the spicy chicken wrap- it's so big that it is perfect for lunch and dinner.  Sometimes they are a little slow, so make sure you have the full hour.
This is a really great restaurant that has to over come some unfortunate location issues.  If you are traveling down Mcclintock then it is hidden behind a vacant Mexican / fast food restaurant.  If you are traveling down Broadway it is hidden behind a very large BK.  I know I have driven by many a time and never seen this place.  The parking lot is very rough and needs to be paved in a bad way.

The restaurant is the complete opposite of it's surroundings.  It is very bright and contemporary inside.  A very pleasant dining room with very cool decor.  The staff is really nice and the menu is pretty varied.  My only complaint would be it needs a few more vegetarian options.  Next time I go in I'll ask if there are any recommendations.  I had the vegan tamales on my lunch visit and they were outstanding.  They come in three flavors, but the Jalapeno Hummus ones were the best.  I know hummus in a tamale sounds weird but they were very good.  They have a really good vegan artichoke  dip/sauce I wouldn't have believed it was vegan.

Next time you pass by give them a try.

Try:
- Vegan Tamales
I'm a GF vegan and a big supporter of local/sustainable food, so first, I applaud this restaurant for serving local and organic food. When I heard about this restaurant, I was excited-another restaurant to add to the list of restaurants that I can eat at. While I support this restaurant and their philosophy, I believe there needs to be work on vegan dishes. I ordered Tofu Kebab, priced at $15, and it only consisted of smoked tofu and green and red pepper. I was really disappointed because I looked forward to it and was expecting a variety of veggies with more flavor added to the tofu. My husband and I also ordered Spinach and Artichoke dip. We envisioned the warm, cheesy kind, but instead, it was a cold dip laden with a pool of oil. We got sick to our stomachs and we ended up having an upset stomach afterwards. Overall, it was very pricey for such flat dishes (My husband also ordered a GF, vegan pizza, and if it was not for that, I would give this a 1-star rating). I hate to criticize a restaurant that supports veganism, but if you want to keep people like us coming, I hope that the chefs will consider this criticism and find a way to improve the vegan dishes. We cook alot at home and have a very cultivated taste, and we appreciate restaurants that deliver exciting dishes that we would not cook at home.
Bad! Local produce? Try spoiled produce! Appalled by the lack of freshness! Vegetables were past their prime. We left hungry. So disapointed, we wanted to support a local business, but this was so bad! All the good reviews are lies!
Considering it's not unheard of that my boyfriend and I discuss restaurant options and ideas for a given evening, resulting in us almost always ending up at Pita Jungle, it's a bite of fresh air to have discovered Herb 'N Flavors. Great place!  We ordered the artichoke & spinach dip w/veggies to start, which was good, not great. Loved their cucumber water though!  We shared the spicy chicken wrap (awesome!), veggie rice bowl (great flavors), and a side of beets with candied walnuts.  Fresh, flavorful and good quality. Menu contains local and organic ingredients.  Down-to-earth vibe of the place and cozy feel, despite bring in a bit of a creepy plaza. We'll definitely be back!
I learned about H 'n F from Dr. Hummus, Junior (Ovi) who sells hummus at some of the farmers markets around town. 

The restaurant location is behind the Burger King, which can be somewhat tricky to find sometimes for newbies.

The restaurant has numerous options, so meat and non-meat eaters can enjoy the food.  A friend of mine attends school nearby and she has numerous food allergies. She said all of her food choices have been specifically gluten free, and they get it right for the most part. 

I like how the menu has variety, but some of the things confuse me (such as the kung pao pasta).  There are so many things that it's hard to choose - hummus, salads, pizza, pastas, and now tamales (which are rather delicious) & more.   Everything I have eaten is delicious. I really enjoy the veggie wrap, and the cook actually takes one's preferences and makes the food as ordered. The lentil soup is just as it sounds - nothing interesting but pretty tasty.  The portions are typically rather huge, so be prepared with some to-go food after you're finished.  

One thing that irritated me once was the lack of specific teas.  The menu listed all these interesting teas, and I was looking forward to some hot tea. The server gave me some plain Fresh 'n Easy brand tea and told me he could not find anything else.   I am not a fan of places that advertise all these things then don't have them or charge me the same for the tea that was not what was advertised. 

Depending on who's serving you will depend on service. I've had good servers and unimpressive servers too.    Sometimes at the farmers markets at the Dr. Hummus booth, you can get $5 off coupons for meals, and (usually), the server doesn't give one the stink eye for using a coupon.  They tend to have specials from time to time, like free kids' meals on mother's day (or something like that).  

The owner, Sabeur is very friendly and often talks to customers while you're there.
I saw a banner for this place from the corner. I was a little hesitant since it was one of those places kind of shoved in the corner of a shopping plaza. After about a month I finally remembered seeing the banner and talked my boyfriend into trying a healthy lunch. We almost didn't go because he really wanted to go somewhere else but I got him in the door and got him to look at the menu and he agreed we could stay. Although it was empty (we did go in summer at like 3pm), we were excited to try it. I started with the tomato basil soup and it was so good I made my boyfriend try it. He LOVED it too! I was so surprised! I not only got a good soup but I got something healthy my boyfriend loved! Then we ordered off the specials menu. I got the burger that came with hummus and a beet salad. He got the cold pasta salad with chicken. The highlight was the hummus for me! It was absolutely amazing. He loved his dish too! Again I was surprised. He had ordered a coffee and although he didn't know what the french press coffee was I tried some of it and it was great.

I am very excited to have found a local healthy place that I can drag my boyfriend to as well! The only thing that was semi disappointing was the price. But even still for the healthy organic options they have the price is very very very reasonable. I just didn't like that I spent $36 on lunch. Probably my fault for ordering one of the most expensive dishes. Oh well it was so worth it! Even the left overs were great later for dinner! So I guess now that I realize I had a small dinner too $36 really isn't bad at all.
I love small locally owned restaurants, and this place fits the bill. They use locally grown ingredients and are vegan and gluten free friendly. I had a grass fed burger that came with spinach and artichoke dip, roasted cherry tomatoes, fries, and hummus. All were very good, flavorful, and cooked well. My coworker had the Carne Asada tacos (also grass fed beef) and they looked amazing. He said they were very delish! 

The meal took awhile to get so don't go if you are in a rush, but service was friendly and the price was decent. My lunch was around $10 with fresh made lemonade as my drink of choice. YUM!
Convenient location,  comfortable interior, vegan vibe service.  We split the warm lentil/spinach salad on recommendation of server.  Just OK @ $10, the lentils had a nice herbed flavor and had been simmered in a flavorful stock w some fried pita chips.  The kung pao chicken was very wierd and not even close to expectation-more like bland spagetti sauce over noodles with peanuts and chicken w/chili oil for that LOL "oriental flavor"-dish needs to be totally reformulated-chef/owner please google "kung pao chicken recipes" .  Will head to pita jungle next time.  Dr Hummus: stick to your fine retail food products(great baba, hummus, garlic pitas)-you cook poorly.
I love this place...Its quick, and clean...every dish that I try, I practically fall in love with.  I even take my vegan friends there and they're still talking about it.  Friendly staff, too.
First time I was there, ordered the taco plate, teeny tortillas the size of a soup can lid, piled with 6 inches of filling. Of course it wont all FIT into the tortilla so it falls apart and gets all over the plate, the table, and your hands. Not very funny.

Just now I ordered some turkey pita gyro &%#$ing thing, had to scrape out literally over a cup of this STRONG-flavored unpleasant-tasting tomato pesto crap, but it still overpowered the sandwich. Was this some kind of joke?? Pesto is an extremely concentrated, strong ingredient, ONE tbsp would have sufficed. I counted SEVEN tablespoons that I had to scrape out of there. I couldn't taste a SINGLE other ingredient. I'd been riding my bicycle all over town, I was so hungry, looking forward to what sounded like a delicious meal, and you &%#@ed it up. So two strikes you're out. 

Really pretty hostess though, very nice to me even though I was yelling at her over the phone. Sorry 'bout that miss.
Meh.

2 stars for the concept and the service.
I can really appreciate a restaurant that tries to use local and organic food.  That's really important to me.  And the service is great--the waitresses are super friendly, and the owner is always there, checking up on guests and making polite conversation, seeming genuinely interested on what his customers think of the food.  Well, here is what I think Mr. Owner:  the food is not that great :(  I feel like nothing had ANY flavor whatsoever, and every time I've eaten there, I've waited for about an hour for my food.  And once after waiting for an hour, I was brought out the wrong dish.  And it tasted like it came from a can.

Le sigh.

Like I said, I really really appreciate the concept and the friendly service... buttt the food isn't great, and takes forever.  Sorry : /
Excellent food, excellent service. The food is healthy, well presented, delicious. Prices seemed good considering the calibre of the food. Service was attentative, prompt and courteous but not distracting. We will be going back on a regular basis!
So, trying to eat mostly vegetarian these days and in fact, trending toward vegan with no meat, dairy or cheese (I said mostly, sometimes a chicken has to take one for the team) and so finding places where I can eat out and eat well within that criteria is not always easy. However, Herb 'n flavor, it not only will allow you to eat vegan if you so choose but the food looks wonderful and it tastes delicious. 

I had the smoked tofu kebabs when I went there and they came with brown rice, salad, sprinkled with some rice cheese, I believe, and a side of artichoke/spinach dip (hmmm, have had dairy, I will have to check). I also had the fresh brewed iced tea and let me tell you...excellent ice tea, just as good as the ice tea at Casey Moore's. A co-worker had the hot lentil salad with spinach, which looked great but I eat enough lentils at home these days (cheap and good for you folks). 

They do offer a variety of meat based items as well and everything seems to be organic and their hummus is from Dr. Hummus, a locally owned company, which is nice. You can also find gluten free meals as well. 

I will say, the reason it is not five stars, is it took a bit longer than I liked for the food to come out and then getting the bill and paying out seemed to also take longer than it should. I know, nit picky, but that happens when one reaches middle age and also, yes, wonderful, local, organic, but a bit pricey...my tofu kebab meal was $13 and the ice tea was $3 so with tax about $18 and with a 20% tip it was $21 for lunch...ice team and a meal at Casey Moore's runs me about $12 so this is a bit more pricey than I would like for a weekday lunch though great for the weekends.

Bottom line, good eating experience and good for you, what is not to love?
Food here isn't hit or miss--more like hit or average, and average doesn't feel the best because of the prices. But a experience eating here is very pleasant. Great spot for a date. Try the GLT.
I'd seen this place frequently driving through Tempe, and finally got a chance to try it with my boyfriend this weekend when my vegetarian friend and her vegan boyfriend came to town.  Overall I'd give it 4 stars, but I'm rounding up.  I'm weighing pretty heavily (at least a full star) for the organic, local menu.

Atmosphere was pleasant, bright and open.  Service was friendly, with a polite waitress and reasonable serving times.

Appetizers: We got classic hummus with pita bread, and vegan spinach and artichoke dip.  The former was very plain, even a sprinkle of paprika on top would have helped a lot.  Possibly our own fault for ordering classic, rather than an interesting flavor.  The latter was actually very good, and I'm hard to please when it comes to fake dairy.  I would have been happy with two of those.

Entrees: Each couple got a wrap to share.  My friend and her boyfriend ordered a veggie wrap, and confirmed that it would come cut in half.  They both enjoyed it, commented on the flavors, and identified a plethora of veggies in the wrap.  Each half was also huge, so they were glad to have split it.  My boyfriend and I got the chicken shawarma wrap and failed to confirm if it would be served cut in half (though we did make it clear we'd be sharing).  It came in a sort of overflowing taco situation, wrapped in foil.  The waitress wished us luck in splitting it, as she dropped it off.  Oh thanks.  We passed it back and forth taking bites.  It was pretty tasty though.

Beverages: I got a strawberry lemonade, my friend got a pomegranate iced tea, and the guys had water.  The lemonade was good, but it had a sort of "artificial sweetener" after-taste that was disappointing.  My friend said her tea tasted more like a good green-tea than anything fruity.  She wasn't complaining, but it wasn't what she expected.

The bill: Prices are going to be higher when the food is organic and locally grown.  I'm willing to pay more for that if that's what I'm after, but considering we weren't entirely impressed by our half of the meal, it felt like a lot.  Our friends were a lot more satisfied since they thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of their meal, and are more willing to pay for organic food.  $20 for lunch for two people isn't bad, but considering we shared everything and didn't feel like it was spectacular, this won't likely be a regular spot for us.  If I do return, I'll make different choices when I'm ordering.
Love this place! My manager set up an employee meeting for our store here and we all loved it! Great food, plenty of sitting room, good lighting and friendly staff. I will definitely be back! 

Their menu kind of reminds me of Pita Jungle's menu - hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, wraps, pasta, pizzas and much more. There were lots of vegetarian options (which I appreciate) and daily specials. We all shared an starter sampler with roasted red pepper hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, pita and veggies and I ordered the black bean and corn tamales. All good stuff.

Everyone should check out this little gem!
What's not to love? Herb n Flavors uses local, high quality ingredients, the food tastes GREAT and they are vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free friendly! I especially liked their vegan spinach and artichoke dip! We will definitely be back soon : )
At first I was thrown off by the tacky, pun name, but the food here is awesome.  I had the soup which was hearty and delicious.  I also tried the fried falafel which was quite possibly the best version of falafel I've ever had.  Crispy and flavorful, these little squares were quite the joy to eat.  :]
I have now visited Herb n' Flavors several times. I love supporting local businesses who have sustainable practices. This place uses local farms for their produce, safe from GMO's and pesticides. So, I was already a fan before I walked in! Everything I have tried has been delicious, and the owner is such a cool guy- always so friendly to the customers. The food always tastes so fresh, and full of flavor! They have a little something for everyone. I am a gluten free vegan and my husband has no dietary restrictions. We always both leave happy. I definitely recommend this place. I would like to see their business continue to grow and stick around for a long time! :)
I loved this place and will definitely be back. 

Super friendly service. Lots of choices on the menu I wanted to try. Great for my vegan/veggie/gluten free friends, but plenty of options for everyone else too.

They have cucumber water, if that is your thing. I thought it was a nice touch but I am not a fan of cucumbers. Our waitress was more than happy to get me cucumber free water upon request.

I ordered the combo plate where you get to pick 4 items of your choosing. Everything was tasty and it is a good way to get a variety.

One side note - I tried my friend's spinach dip. I was not a fan of that one item. Other than that though, no complaints.

I can't wait to go back and try the other things I wanted on the menu.
Clever catchy name and looks like it's got it going on from the outside but inside is dull and boring. This place has no ambience whatsoever. There was some music playing back in the kitchen but none for the customers. If it weren't for the fact that they have wait staff I would have thought I was dining in a cafeteria. It was quiet, not many customers at the time, so could hear conversations from tables across the room. This is where a little music could have helped. There were TVs on the walls but were not turned on. My server spoke so low (and seemed timid) that I could barely hear her and apologized a few too many times for the slow service. I only ordered the quesadilla from the starter menu so thought that would come out fairly fast but had to wait a good 25-30 minutes. Not really worth the wait either as it was very bland and didn't live up to the above-mentioned catchy name. I might go back again to try something else but not sure. Maybe take a friend or two so I don't die of boredom waiting for the food.
This place is ok. Fresh food. 
Ordered Lentil soup, that was awesome. highly recommended.
Tiramisu cake also awesome, I think they make it from scratch. 
Chicken shawarma gyro was a bit disappointing . The chicken is very tasty, don't get me wrong, and very juicy, but the sauce is too watery for a gyro, makes the bread soggy, i didn't like that. This is not shawarma. The chicken looked like it was boiled with spices, again, it tasted good, but it wasn't what i was expecting.
I dont think I have ever had such a terrible experience.

My boyfriend and I came here on a whim thinking that it would be worth trying something new, and fresh and organic is always wonderful.

We ordered two iced teas which were great, as well as a small hummus appetizer. The hummus was fine but really nothing special.

I ordered the kale and beet salad, and it was the first time in my life that I have ever sent something back to the kitchen because it tasted badly. Besides the kale the salad was full of HUGE pieces of slightly warm beets and tiny pieces of caramelized nuts. The menu advertised a "house dressing" that turned out to be olive oil and large amounts of lemon juice. The dressing was sour but lacked any quality flavor and the giant  pieces luke warm beets added nothing positive. When I politely informed the waitress about it, she was rude and passive agressive. I felt VERY uncomfortable. She asked me if I wanted something else, and so i ordered the tomato and basil soup to go. 

My boyfriend ordered the sloppy joe, and while the fries were quite good they didnt have ranch and the actual sandwich was quite bland.  When I got home and tried the soup I was blown away with how terrible it was. It was COMPLETELY over salted to the point where you could barely taste anything else. 

As we were leaving the waitress brought us our check and tried to charge us for the salad we had sent back, but took it off when we complained. We also heard the table next to us complain because the waitress had forgotten to put in their appetizer and she didnt even remember which one they had ordered (as she is bringing out their food), On top of that the food was expensive, and the waitress had almost no tables. It was a slow sunday afternoon.

Avoid this place. I think it might be the worst place I have been to in phoenix, and I have lived here over ten years.
I really wanted to like this place. I love the concept of gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan menu items.

However I couldn't have been more disappointed in the food, service and overall environment.

I ordered the sloppy joes and they were bland, tasteless and lacking any flavor. My girlfriend ordered the kale and beat salad which was beyond awful. Their "house dressing" was literally olive oil and lemon juice... disgusting.  We sent it back and she received the tomato basil soup. The soup was REVOLTING. It was so over salted to the point that is inedible. 

Also EVERYTHING took too long, it was over an hour wait for the food when there were only about 3 other patrons eating there. The server also charged us for the salad and we had to make a comment for her to take it off.

Avoid this place like the plague.
This was the first place my boyfriend and I ate at when we moved to Tempe and we have been back many times since. The food is great; it's clean, fresh, and a lot of it local. It fits the needs for vegetarians, vegans, and carnivores. Everyone who works here is extremely nice and the owner is a great guy. 
Try the grass fed steak tacos.
Great food, exceptional service and reasonably priced!  Enjoyed a Baba Ghanoush appetizer.  My veggie rice bowl with tofu was more than I could eat at one sitting.  Very generous portion!
I dig this place. The first time I visited Herbs and Flavors, it was by accident.  I was on my way to the Hydroponic store on McClintock and Broadway, because I was trying to get into gardening.  Mainly because I wanted to grow my own food.  You know? Nothing is fresh as what you grow in your backyard.  

Well. I stopped in and I was surprised how dang good the food was here.  Everything is super-fresh, and it seems that they tend to care about the quality of the stuff that goes into their food.  Which is great in my book.  I had the Herb's and Flavors appetizer sampler thing, and it was awesome.  Hummus hummus and hummus is always a perfect combination for a sampler.  

I like this place.. it's got that mom and pop charm, and has a lot of natural light.  Service was good, food was great, and the price was right.  I'll probably stop by there again in the next month, week, or maybe tomorrow.
Herb & Flavors is a clean and modern looking sit down restaurant that serves food made with organic ingredients. The menu is extensive with allot to choose from whether you are a carnivore, vegetarian, or vegan. They have dishes from most major ethnicities and, of course, American. If you don't know what you feel like eating or if you are with a group of people that wants different styles of food, you should probably come here. The water they serve is crisp and refreshing because it is flavored with cucumber and lemon. People around me were eating pizza, pasta, and Mediterranean dishes that all looked great.  I ordered the sloppy joe made with grass fed beef, organic tomatoes, onions and American cheese on top. It came with a side of steak fries and organic ketchup. The sloppy was set in front of me and it was just how you kids like them, "extra sloppy." The sloppy joe was just ok. I think it has less fat and grease in it because the sauce in the meat doesn't leave as much of that orange stain on the bun and plate as you usually see with sloppy joes. This is both good and bad. It is healthier which is good but bad because "fat is the vehicle through which flavor travels." The meat and sauce was sweeter than I would like. I added some salt to counter act the sweetness. The sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The fries were just the right crispness on the outside and the right softness inside. The color is the perfect shade of light yellow with slight browning on the edges. I added some salt until they were just right. The service was very good. My water was always full and i was always looked after to make sure everything was going alright with my dining experience. My check was delivered and picked up quickly. In the end, I would come here again if I was in the neighborhood but I would order something else like the pitas and hummus or the pasta that I saw someone else have.
Gave it a try after reading some good reviews... and I'm a fan! It's comparable to Pita Jungle. 

We started with the appetizer sampler (pick 4 dips): jalapeno hummus, red pepper hummus, baba ghanoush, vegan spinach/artichoke dip. The jalapeno hummus was my favorite. It's packed with flavor... and the pita chips are yummy too. Next, we split a caprese salad. Also very good. Ordered the 3 grass-fed steak tacos for main course. Pretty delicious, although when I had my leftovers the next day, I realized there was probably way too much lemon in the pico de gallo. Guess I didn't notice the first time around since the hummus was also very lemony. 

(Menu note: There are a lot of gluten-free and vegan options... great to see, since we eat "Paleo".)

Service was super quick. And, since it's not as well-known as Pita Jungle... I'd say it's a great, quiet place to go where you'll probably never have a wait. I'm sure we'll be back.
Dined here again and tried the jalapeno hummus with pita chips, and had the mozzarella, avocado, tomato salad.  The jalapeno hummus was excellent, and had just the right amount of spiciness to contrast with the creamy texture of the hummus.  The pita chips were nice and crispy.  I had the small order of salad, which was beautifully prepared, with large portions.  It tasted great, and each component meshed well with each other.  One of my friends ordered the chicken fantasia which was a huge portion of chicken with sauce, veggies, and rice.  Service was very friendly and drinks were refilled promptly as needed.  I like that the food here is healthier, and has an emphasis on more sustainable, local ingredients (Such as the coffee and desserts) and high quality proteins (Such as grass-fed beef, and free-range chicken).  Definitely a good place to frequent for vegetarians or omnivores!
Delicious organic, seasonal, and free range fare! Good portion sizes, great service, and reasonably priced! The veggie rice bowl with tofu and baklava are incredible!
My bf found this place on yelp and we met up for dinner on a Friday night. There was just 2 or 3 other parties when we entered, and the hostess was very nice and let us choose a table. The menu is very vast, and we spent a few minutes going over it. We decided to get a small order of the jalapeno cilantro hummus with pita bread, which is very good (spicy!). Deciding between a panini and the kung pao chicken pasta special, I went with the special, which was my one mistake of the evening :( It took a while for the food to come out, so I probably wouldn't recommend this place if you were in a rush, but we kept ourselves occupied. The kung pao chicken was not the fried version you may expect, which I was fine with, but it wasn't spicy or extraordinarily flavorful. The noodles they used for the dish were very thick and not al dente which I prefer. My bf had the gyro sandwich and a side of fries, which he enjoyed. I like that they are all organic and everything else I saw looked good, so I will give them a second try.
Herb N Flavors is located within walking distance to my house so I had to go. My boyfriend and I went one day for lunch and let me say YUM! Way way better than Pita Jungle or the other restaurants that serve hummus and "healthy food." This is also a great place to go if you only eat clean. 

The place is really cute, eco friendly, organic, gluten free, and they use local produce.
I had a pesto pita nini with jalapeno pesto and chicken. I was in heaven it was so delicious. I literally have not been able to find another pini that even comes a little close to how good this one is. 

I go to Herb N Flavors at least once a month and I can say this place has yet to disappoint!
I want to love this place so bad! I like the idea of it but have never been happy when I went in. My boyfriend and I have gone 3 or 4 times and the owner is SO creepy! The first time we walked in he looked at me, then gave my boyfriend a "thumbs up." Then he placed our napkins in our laps for us! So weird. Every other time we went there he acted the same way. All of the other staff was uncomfortably eager to have customers. Its just really uncomfortable in there. And I also have never been that impressed with the food- especially considering the prices. I dont think I will try it again :(
Come here for the vegan and vegetarian options and you will leave satisfied.

I wish I was visiting Arizona longer because I would have loved to try more items. Unfortunately, all I was able to eat was the Kale and Beet Salad--Fresh kale with sauteed beets topped with caramelized walnuts with a house-made dressing.

Staff here is incredibly friendly and makes sure that you are well taken care of.

Overall: Awesome, healthy food, at a great price. Highly recommend!
Herbs 'n Flavors is a great find!
There is never a wait and the service is friendly and helpful.
The time to get your meal is reasonable and the portions are large.
The food is always fresh and wonderful. Tons of vegetarian and vegan options in addition to great meat dishes too.
Couldn't recommend this place enough! 
Wonderful staff and food!! 5 stars all the way.
What is happening to this place? The last three visits have been disappointing. 

15 - 20 minute wait for a drink order is waayyy toooo slooooow. Apparently, they are having a hard time keeping enough wait staff on hand.

I made the mistake of ordering the sloppy joe w/cheese. This was half-warmed Manwich with a piece of cool American cheese laid on top. The french fries on the side were tasteless. 

Stay away from the American food items. Most of the menu is still very tasty.
We walked there last night for the second time and met the owner.  Very friendly staff and atmosphere.  Love the variety of healthy dishes, especially after a good walk!  Had the rice bowl last night with tofu - amazing!  My husband had the hamburger, which he loved.  Last time I had the tabuleh, which was the most unusual and enjoyable I've ever had.
First time I had grass fed meat.  I ordered the steak tacos and it was a huge wake up call just how much better tasting grass fed cows are than crappy drug feed cows.
I have to start by saying how much I was CRAVING a big slab of juicy, tender, delicious steak for dinner. Ever since my bf became a dedicated Pescetarian, I've suffered and have been going through a bit of red meat withdrawals.  = P 

The night we visited Herb 'n Flavors, I was begging him to go somewhere where I could enjoy what I've ceased to eat also. After much pouting on my end, he gave in and started searching for a steak house. Not sure HOW he found Herb 'n Flavors if he was really looking for a steak house but in the end, he convinced me to check it out. The menu selection from their website was pretty impressive. It had a lot of things he would enjoy and I'd be ok with. Meaty steak would have to wait.  = / 

It's close to our home, so that's a plus. We were excited that it was a Local restaurant and not a franchise. Gotta support the Local Business! The place was pretty open, casual and well-lit. Great for bringing family and friends.... although personally I don't think it's quite a romantic enough setting for first dates or anything- unless you go on a Saturday when have live music!  It wasn't overly busy around the time we went. Our friendly & attentive waitress took our orders immediately and brought our food without much of a wait at all. The musician that night was amazing!! and the perfect accompaniment to the delicious meal we shared. 

They have such a great variety of fresh, local, organic, vegan-friendly choices, as well as a fair selection for meat eaters. We ordered the Herb 'n Flavors Sampler- which we really enjoyed. Of course I ordered the 3 Grass-fed steak Tacos!! (yeaaaa!)  while my bf had Lentil Soup & the Papardelli Pasta. Everything was Yummy!!!  We couldn't finish everything so took leftovers home for the next day. Although I didn't get exactly what I was craving (giant cut of steak!!), I was satisfied and looking forward to going back to try the rest of the menu! Enjoy!!
This is an incredibly good restaurant.  First, ALL their produce is organic, the chicken is free range and the beef is grass fed.  It's also all local.  But this restaurant isn't just heathy - everything is delicious!  

Entrees:  We do eat chicken.  So far, my favorite dish is the marinated chicken kabobs.  Whatever they're using to marinate the chicken in tastes great.  It comes with brown rice that is delicately flavored, sun-dried tomato pesto, also great, and a small salad.  My partner had the chicken shawarma wrap and loved it too.  

Soups and Appetizers:  (All the appetizers and soups are either vegetarian or vegan.)  I've lived in the middle east, and I seldom find baba ghannouge or hummus that I truly like.  Here, BOTH are so good - they will spoil you for eating these dishes anywhere else.  The vegan spinach and artichoke dip - again, very good.  I found it so rich I just used a little on each veggie stick.  It is made with Veganaise Grapeseed Oil Mayo - I think it's the best and healthiest mayo on the planet - and it makes the dip vegan.  They will serve the appetizers with gluten bread, gluten free bread, or veggie sticks.  The lentil soup was also authentic and excellent. 

Drinks:  We had a pomegrante green tea that was also extremely good.  (They have a different tea each night.)  The strawberry lemonade - also great.  The iced tea comes with no sweetner, so if you like things less sweet, you can sweeten to taste.

Desserts:  Haven't tried them yet, but they do have a flour free chocolate cake - so no gluten.

We've been to the restaurant several times, and the service has always been extremely good - even on the weekend when they were very busy.  And, they have a separate gluten-free menu - and will adapt other dishes to make them gluten free whenever possible.  They bake their own gluten free crust for their pizza.  They are also very open to modifying a dish for dietary concerns.   

This is now our go-to restaurant in the Tempe/Mesa area.  Also, since it is very near the 101 south, it is pretty easy to come down from Scottsdale too.  And - the perfect place to go when one person is vegan or vegetarian and one eats meat.  A LOT of choices for all three diets.
Sooo... I have been to this spot a few times now and I have to say I'm not too impressed. Don't get me wrong the food has always been A+++ but the service is always a let down. A 20-30 minute wait when there are only 2 other tables full in the whole place is a bit ridiculous. The wait staff seems really nice but they need a better knowledge of the menu. If you ask a question they rarely know the answer so they always have to ask the chef. A lot more potential here but the food is awesome!
Giving 2 stars because they are trying really hard.  I totally wanted to love this place and so did my husband.  We walked up and the wait staff dispersed and came to the door it was weird we felt uncomfortable so we went next door like we werent actually going the Herb n Flavors and we asked them how it was next door.  The girl went on and on about how great they were and that Fox news was there recently they are supposed to be healthy and free of hormones etc. which is what we are all moving towards now a days.  Its nice to have more choices available so we even though we got a weird vibe from that girl almost like she was paid to give good review we thought lets check it.  We asked waitress what was good etc. and ordered based on her recommendations.  My husband had a gyro with artichoke dip on it.  The bread was as hard as a cracker literally sounded like charcoal out of fire breaking.  Broke it off used it as cracker for artichoke dip which was ok and the gyro meat had nice flavor but the fossil like bread was a turn off.  I had the steak tacos which were not good.  Just all around no flavor in spite of having avocado and chipotle sauce.  We tasted sauce separately and nothing no flavor or not enough just bland.  My husband ordered the french press coffee which was $6 omg what a waste of $6 WOW.  its just 4 tablespoons of coffee grounds steeping in water at your table definitely not worth $6.  Not sure why we did this but after reading reviews we thought lets even go further and try dessert.  They said the tiramisu was home made we tried it and again devoid of flavor lacking flavor not worth another $6 and also much smaller than most desserts at $6 not that I am complaining cuz I definitely dont need more but just stating the facts.  I felt bad for these people because they do have a great concept but the location is not a good one and the food is just too much for what you are getting and its really not that good on top of it.  I wanted to love it and our waitress did try so hard and the fouled up food not her fault so we tipped her well and we didnt complain cuz that is so uncomfortable and then they just think you are trying to take advantage and want your money back so instead I prefer to wish them well not come back and YELP it out :-)
The food here is great! It is difficult to find restaurants that cater to my food allergies and this one definitely does. I love that they have gluten free,vegetarian, vegan, and free range options. The food is well done. Service can be slow and I don't like that they charge $3 for extra pita... Other than that this place is great if you're looking for a Pita Jungle type restaurant that is a lot healthier
This place is a little out of the way, but well worth the trip.  First time in and everything was splendid.  Had the spicy chicken wrap (unwrapped), and tried the garlic hummus...   both were perfect, services was excellent.  Will defiantly be back
I really wanted to love this place.  We showed up a little on the late side for dinner and there were only a couple of tables full.  The water is infused with cucumber and is pretty tasty.  We ordered a pizza.  My companion liked it but I thought the crust might have been frozen/processed.  Didn't taste like fresh made.  I had the puttanesca.  I was not a huge fan.  I actually had to add salt even with the capers.  The other dinner had a salad and wrap.  He liked it.  I would give this place a try again for sure.
$12 sloppy joe with a Kraft single on top!
Raw dough on homemade bread!
Tuna was dry!
Disappointing to say the least. This was my second time and I will not return. The prices reflect that they are using top of the line ingredients which is not the case.
I gave it 1 star because the server was nice.
Start with water tasting great infused with cucumber and mint. .. Appetizer was great got the 4 cheese spinach quesadilla.. I had them hold off on the Blue cheese. I got the spicy chicken wrap it was not good at all.. First the way it was plated with hot sauce all around the edges of the plate as if it was to make the dish look appealing. It just made it messy. 2nd it just falls apart . 3rd the flavor. 4rth just a big MUSH of beans broccoli and cauliflower. I will try the place again and try another plate.. a friend had the grass fed tacos and said he loved them.. they looked great from my end I will go back to eat just not for the spicy chicken wrap..
Went in for the first time tonight and it was delish!
We got the build your own dip plate, and for $7 got 4 fantastic starters. The Jalapeno Hummus, Spinach and Artichoke dip, Jalapeno pesto, and Mozzarella all were fantastic. By the time we finished the starters though, we were quite satisfied.
Then we got the Papardelli Pasta, which was so good. Also go the Pollo Fresco, it was good, but a heavy tomato taste that was a bit too much, at lease for me.

Definitely check this place out. Well worth it.

To the owner:
You really need to get your menu up, but NOT in a PDF. It takes almost a minute to download and open. Those on their phones looking for a place to eat won't be able to get your menu.
I feel like the interior of "Herb 'n Flavors" is still developing, but the food and service is wonderful!  The menu offers selections for any dietary restriction you can throw at it.  I look forward to frequenting this establishment.
Great food! Healthy and definitely worth the price. Salmon and Veggies rocked! Lentil soup hit the spot!
I really enjoy the place. Everyone there is very nice. When I first went there, the service wasn't always the best (sometimes really slow) - but they were a new restaurant getting through their growing pains - what can you expect? I haven't had any issues in a while. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. I love that they support local farmers. If you want healthy food at a good price - this is the place to go!
Was brought here by a friend a couple weeks ago. Fantastic,  fresh, flavorful food at an affordable price. :) Will definitely be returning.
Love the community atmosphere offered by Herb'n Flavors. My very, very favorite dishes are: 
- Lentil Soup 
- Kale and beet salad 
- Vegan cheese cake 
Staff is extraordinarily friendly, and the food is affordable.
Yes!!! Had the Chicken Fantasia and it was awesome! The place has a cool, mellow, vibe and the service was great. Will be back for sure!
Tuna sandwich was horrible. Dry tuna from a can and no flavor. Way too much bread and the top was burnt a little. Felt sick a couple hours later.
The menu is promising, but my lunch order (chicken kebabs with side salad, rice, and pesto) took at least 30 minutes to prepare in a nearly empty restaurant... and the chicken was dry.

The plate was nicely presented and the salad was tasty. Water with lemon and mint is a nice touch.

Just not sure why everyone's so crazy about this place...  2 stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." That's exactly how I feel about Herb 'n Flavors.
I have been wanting to try out this place for awhile now, and when my fiance recommended Pita Jungle, I suggested we try this place instead.  We ordered for take out.  Two stars because the gyros were really good, but the rest of the food was downright bad.  We ordered red pepper hummus which usually has a nice kick to it; this hummus tasted like we were taking a bite right into a lemon.  Seriously it was so bad my fiance likened it to eating lemon pledge; it didn't make any logical sense and it was inedible.  The pita bread served with the hummus also tasted pretty stale.  We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.  We were very disappointed with this place.
Really like their kabobs.  My family go their frequently and I have taken several friends there and they all love the food.
Journeyed back to this place, like I do, for a food item I had deified and talked about for ages - kind of a spicy Mediterranean burrito (!) with cauliflower, broccoli, and squash. It wasn't the taste sensation it was a year ago. I might have compromised it by leaving out the chicken, which might shed a reasonable light on their no-substitutions policy.

After the wrap I had one of several Flavors of cheesecake they offer, but it was Etsy-style artisanal cheesecake, served in squat jars with watery crust. I generally avoid expensive hipster versions of things I like, but I know there are rabid fans of the stuff.

My server was great, so I especially hated hearing her berated by her expeditor/supervisor for telling a table she would give them a few minutes to decide rather than asking if they needed time. Public dress-downs are a huge peeve of mine, and embarrassing your employees in earshot of anybody is lousy business/human practice.

While I was eating my cheesecake jar, on the fence about the whole experience, two ladies arrived and were told to sit anywhere. Then they were asked to move, because they had chosen the owner's table, the owner's table which was empty in case he'd like to chill out there at some point, away from customer tables, like some kind of don.

TLDR: The food wasn't as good as I remembered, and the people who run things appear to be self-important jerks.
Great organic food and good ambiance! School is close to here and we come here all the time. Love the grass fed tacos!
Very good. We had the topless burgers with spinach dip beet salad and steamed vegetables.  Ill definately be back
First off, we come here once a week! We begin with a Caprese salad: locally produced, fresh mozzarella with the most delicious organic tomatoes and basil. I had the margharita pizzza- delightful! And, available as a glutton free option! My friend had deliciously fresh tomato basil soup with a plate of crisp four cheese and spinach  quesadilla. My fianc enjoyed the house pasta, fresh made, creamy, and very tasty! They also have a yummy, decadent flourless chocolate cake!!!
I came here for dinner with my friend before a concert at the Marquee. We were looking to try something new close to the theater, and Herb 'n Flavors popped up on Yelp. 

From the outside this place didn't look too promising, as it's in a dark strip mall behind a Burger King. We walked into the restaurant which was nicely decorated and did not match its exterior, and were seated promptly. We both ordered the green jasmine iced tea which was very good and flavorful. We discussed getting an appetizer, my friend had never had baba ganoush so we decided on that. We were given an option of pita chips, pita, or veggies. We decided on pita since that's what's traditionally served with baba ganoush, and our waitress told us that was a great choice since their pitas are homemade. My friend chose the papardelle for her entree, and I ordered the bun-less burger. 

The baba ganoush came out and it was a generous portion considering we ordered the small. It was very good mixed with quality olive oil, and was the perfect amount of creaminess mixed with smoky eggplant. I agreed with the waitress that we definitely made the right choice on the homemade pita. It was light, airy, and tasted quite good. I liked it so much that I didn't leave too much room for my entree. 

My burger was served with sauteed garlic and cherry tomatoes, it was full of flavor. It was came with a side of vegan spinach artichoke dip which I couldn't tell was vegan, and I chose hummus and fries as my side. The portion size was enormous, I could barely finish half. My friend's pasta was also a generous portion. I tried a bit of hers and it was really good too, lot's of flavor from the creamy sauce and rosemary.

I don't go to Tempe very often to dine, but I will definitely return to Herb 'n Flavors!
Good food and a peaceful atmosphere. Try the G.L.T. !
This is my favorite place to go to. They are organic, delicious and the servers and staff are really nice. I always order the herb turkey wrap, with the jalapeo pesto sauce, which never fails to satisfy. They have grass fed beef tacos, and gluten free as well as vegan dishes. For those who are conscious about where the ingredients of their food comes from, this is a great place! And delicious!
As always Saber never fails to feed me with healthy, good food. The atmosphere is amazing as well as every thing amazing and if you have clients like I do take them here.
I have been to Herb N Flavors 4-5 times lunch and dinner times
. 
Herb N Flavors, you have pretty good food... If your Gluten Free or Vegan anyway. Otherwise its just an AVERAGE restaurant ya get what ya get and nothing more. 

The servers are friendly, but sometimes they are frantically under staffed, which makes for a SLOW and BAD dining experience. 

This place seems like a good idea, but what I have really noticed is the man behind it all. The Owner, a big man, is very RUDE and UNAPPRECIATIVE of his staff. He always seems GRUMPY. He is not helpful but LAZY and watches his restaurant get busy without helping, and why he doesn't have more staff I'm not sure. They probably don't want to work for such a rude person.
On one account I heard him yelling at the server, and I was shocked she put up with it. He treated her like an OBJECT not a person. I feel bad for the staff of this place. They are sweet and work very hard, especially putting up with a man like that. 

BECAUSE OF THE OWNER, I WILL NO LONGER BE GIVING ANY OF MY BUSINESS TO THIS GREEDY MAN. He seems to be a TERRIBLE and DISRESPECTFUL man.
I love this place! Amazing food, super flavorful and healthy, great service and great atmosphere! I'm back every weekend!
Ugh! I was at a conference in Arizona and wanted to get away from my stuffy Resort and Spa. I found this place in a magazine (in retrospect it was probably a magazine that charges for ad space and then makes the ad appear as if it was a good review) and took the bus and light rail and walked a ways to get there. I was seated with a great view of the burger king drive through that was in the strip mall parking lot.

I ordered two dishes with the friend I was with. A vegan tamale dish, and some kind of pollo dish. They were bad. Maybe we were there on a bad night, but this place just didn't have their stuff together. I don't remember the name of the pollo dish, or what it was supposed to be, but it was basically chopped up chicken with red sauce and mini-triangle slices of cheese pizza placed around the edges. This place I think does its best work in naming and describing their dishes, it's all down hill from there.
Took my picky best friend into the restaurant. Great atmosphere for a dinner out. Quiet environment, but the flavor of the jalapeo hummus was so loud. It's hard to find a restaurant with a good atmosphere, great service, and an amazing menu. But by far this restaurant has it all. The server we had made the whole experience so fun and entertaining. She had an intricate order and our server had let us know that he was brand new. So we definitely gave him a good test out. But he handled it extremely well and made us feel right at home. We really enjoyed the food and the service. Definitely will be returning for another amazing organic meal and hopefully the same sweet server.
My favorite restaurant! Tons of vegan and vegetarian options, my favorites are the kale and beet salad, veggie pizza, tofu veggie rice bowl, and the amazing tofu kabob. Staff is nice, and it's usually pretty quiet and non-busy (good for conversationalists). Also shout-out to this place for making my past two Valentine's Days awesome!
Loved the Vegan Artichoke and spinach dip.
Good food but lacks professionalism.  I have been overcharged with different pricing than the menu on multiple occasions and disturbed by the repetition of beeping from a dying smoke detector battery to which the staff report has been on the brink for a while without any offer to resolve.  They do have a nice selection of vegan and gluten free options so I continue to go because it is near the discount theatre but dessert offerings are limited for GF.  Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
I am in love with their menu.  I can go out to eat with many healthy delicious options.  The owner asked my friend and I twice how everything was.  Food great, service great, we had a groupon and I will go back again even without one!

They serve wine and beer and my cab was good!
Great place for lunch or if you have a health conscious date.  I can even bring my meat and potato eating boyfriend here without too much squaking.

Great ambiance and the bathrooms are clean!
My Wife and I found this place today, and I have to say the food was just Outstanding!  We will be back.
Good food,  but it's not a good place for a lunch date.  I have gone twice during my lunch break. I don't even have a strict lunch break so going over a little is fine and I'm a 2 minute drive away.  

The first time my gyro wrap took so long to come out I had to inhale it so I could get out on time. I just thought maybe the back of the house was a bit busier so didn't think too much of it. The second time I brought a friend,  and my glt  sandwich and her chicken schwarma wrap took so long that we just had to have them wrap it to go. So much for a nice lunch date! :(

We just ordered simple wraps/sandwiches, and the place was never even full both times so very disappointed in how slow it was. 

I did enjoy the food though. Portions are good,  and flavorful. I know ill never go back for sitdown (even without lunch hour constraints
...it takes too long!). Would like to do takeout but if they quote a time I don't want to get there then have to wait really long for my takeout.
I absolutely love this place! I have to say I am shocked at the previous reviews and having been a customer since the grand opening I would like to address some of these points. 
The restaurant is located in a strip mall with a few other places. The exterior is not very fancy, but you are not paying fancy prices here either. 
Having moved to Phoenix from Portland, I have noticed that it is very difficult to find healthy and/or organic food options. When this place opened it was music to my ears!! Another review mentioned that their ingredient quality is inconsistent. During one of many conversations I have had with the staff here, I was informed that they buy from local farms. Unfortunately, we all know the Phoenix weather can make getting locally grown produce a little difficult. However, I'll take a mis-shaped juicy organic tomato any day knowing that I am contributing to my local economy. 
Lastly, I cannot believe people are saying the owner is rude. Him offering feedback to his employees is his job. He has always provided excellent customer service to myself and my grandparents also love visiting the restaurant and conversing with the staff. 

For first timers if you aren't sure what to order, try what I get: Spicy chicken wrap and iced tea. If you enjoy hummus, grab a tub of the jalapeno hummus on your way out!
I tried this place for the first time because they offer vegan, gluten free and organic food. I visited on a Wednesday afternoon from 2pm - 6pm. I was there for a late lunch  and ended up staying longer to work on their free wi-fi. The service was quick and the water they offer is cucumber infused. I started with the vegan spinach artichoke dip and had it with veggies. It was so delicious that I spooned it on to my vegan basil tomato soup and hot lentil spinach salad. Everything was very flavorful and served warm. I would go back just for the dip! Seriously great. The pita chips were a bit greasy for me but I usually don't eat fried foods. I also tried the vegan strawberry cheesecake. It was mildly sweet and came in a mason jar. It doesn't look like a cheesecake, more like a yogurt parfait, but it is vegan after all. The service was attentive without being intruding. Prices border on cheap to moderate. They also serve organic beer, wine and cocktails! I will definitely visit again.
My wife an I have dined at Herb N' Flavors twice now; we probably won't be back.

 Our first experience was good. I ordered the Puttanesca, she had something similar. We were both reasonably happy with our entrees, but the hummus and tomato soup were both outstanding. At $46 before tip, we both felt it was overpriced, despite the "local, organic" schtick. 

A few weeks later, I was craving the tomato soup, so we went again. This time, she had the Spinach and Artichoke Pizza, and in hope of something substantial, I ordered the Hamburger (with bun). We were both disappointed in our dishes this time around. Her pizza was a bit undercooked, and just didn't taste very good. My hamburger was a joke- dry and flavorless, Our server said it was because the beef was so lean, and grain-fed. Turns out, I would have rather been grain-fed for this meal. The only redemption for this visit was the tomato soup, and the tiramisu. $54 before tip, for two entrees, soup, dessert, and one drink; Ouch!

Organic and local do not always mean delicious, but they do mean expensive.
This place is great! The atmosphere, the food, and the service is excellent! The hummuses and dips are to die for, and their entrees are even better! The owner is such a nice man and it's great to know that you can buy his hummus and dips locally at grocery stores. Highly recommend!!
So good! Went here after a work training. It wasn't too busy, the waitress was very attentive and the food (vegan tamales) were amazing!! I don't typically like tamales but these were to die for. I really like that all of the food is from local vendors but the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be back!
Wanted to like this place but most of the food is bland.  We have tried the burgers, chicken, hummus, spin dip, gyro and everything is ok just on the bland side.  We like the organic options, fresh ingredients, and the menu so we gave it three stars for fairly average flavor.
Was this menu invented for me? No, but i like to think YES! All organic!
Super extensive menu for the picky non meat eating person. I ordered the vegetarian tamales. Artichoke and spinach and a jalapeno hummus. They were delicious. They also had a black bean/corn one which they were out of but did sound delicious! I also got veggie rice dish with kung pao sauce, beat salad and my cutie got the beef burger..which is was super pleased with. 

I will absolutely be a regular here and I'm looking forward to trying some other dishes that caught my eye. My only complaint was we made our order to go and didn't realize until we got home they forgot to pack our side hummus/chips..but I called and they were more than happy to let me come by again when I can and get that order picked up . 


Ill be back!
I really really REALLY want to like you guys but I likely won't be back.  You do have an interesting concept but I find dining there just too frustrating.  First off, every time I've been there, there is uncertainty about whether menu items are in stock.  The first time it took me three tries to actually order something.  Last time it was uncertain if you even had mustard of all things.
Secondly, the service is just terrible.  I do get it, the relaxed "granola" style of business.  But the waits are far too long to even get an order in and my companion and I sat there with dirty dishes in front of us talking for fifteen minutes after we paid our bill at the request of our server--to finalize our payment halfway through our meal because she wanted to "clock out" (yet was still on the premises working when we left half an hour later).  It's just too stressful to dine like that no matter how good the food is.
Unless someone drags me, I don't think I'll be returning.  Sorry.  :(
This was overall pretty bad.  I went in with high hopes of fresh ingredients and lots of...you know, herbs and flavors.  Our server was kind and attentive and I had a salad that a monkey could prepare well, so I'm giving two stars for those successes. But, my salad had no flavor besides a few olives to set it apart from a standard side salad you'd get for free at a Red Lobster or similar cheap chain.  The beets were just beets in a bowl, absolutely no flavor at all.  The margarita pizza my friend had was shocking considering this being advertised as a Mediterranean/Italian fusion spot, and she didn't have the heart to send it back.  It was clearly a cheap (or poorly, previously made) frozen pizza that they tried to disguise by throwing a couple of slices of tomato and a few sprinkles of unfrozen (note that I'm not using the word "fresh") cheese on.  She was starving and swallowed parts of two pieces, then I took the rest home thinking my husband or father would eat it since they'll eat almost anything, especially in pizza form.  Even they wouldn't eat it, so that was $8 or so in the trash.  I hate writing bad reviews without talking to the staff to give them an opportunity to fix it, but it was pretty clear that there was no pride or care given to the foods served there.  It was not the waiter's fault and no "chef" that allowed that kind of food to be sent out to a table would make a fresh pizza and flavorful second batch of beets had we sent them back.
I, like other reviewers, wanted to like this place. It was fine. The pizza and vegan spinach and artichoke dip aren't very good. I ordered two sides as my main: rice and lentils, and sauteed veggies. The rice and lentils was a big portion (took half home) and tasted good (a little salty). The cauliflower and broccoli (though I had been promised mushrooms, too) were tasty (lemon & garlic), but not worth $8. The green iced tea was good, and free refills! It's fine but needs to improve.
Food was good, service was good! Salmon was cooked as requested, sides were tasty. I would recommend and go again!
Outstanding organic and gluten free menu. Been here twice and both times the good was excellent. If you are trying to eat clean support this place. Great stuff.
While Pita Jungle is wonderful....Herb n Flavors is OUTSTANDING!!!! Staff is so nice (even if your picky) and the food is out of this world yummy!!! Even the water is Amazing!! So worth the trip!!!! I can't wait to go again!!!!
We ordered the Spinach salad and Greek salad. We ordered the large portion ($10 vs $8). It was barely enough. The taste was good. Overall the place didn't seem too clean. I might give it a second chance.
Amazing gluten free options and friendly staff. Jasmine iced tea was delicious. Never had a problem here!
Love the food here.  Great healthy options.  I especially like the tacos, the rice bowl and the tamales.  The pizzas are good too.  I haven't gone for happy hour, but I heard it is good.
Just got here not knowing what to expect.  We sit down- waiter asked if we want water with a lemon slice, mint, and cucumber-- I say yes and am surprised that only a lemon shows up.  I think what he should have said so as to not set false expectations is "infused with"

I ordered the kung pao pasta- and they mention to me they do not have the udon noodles and that they will use spaghetti noodles.  

I decide to change my order to the parpardelli pasta.   We have been waiting 30 minutes for our dishes.  Just sitting.   Will update once we receive 



Just got our food ten minutes later and am definitely underwhelmed.  Food wasn't hot just warm- not a big deal that waiter handed wrong plates to wrong people -what was bad was when we verified which pasta was mine and my friends- the waiter did not have a clue what what pasta was and had to go back to kitchen to verify. 

I don't know- maybe just caught them off today.  But is rather visit Caf Boa for the service and quality.  Little details tell a lot. 


My friend like his pasta.  Mine was okay.
Super tasty food with all organic and local produce. Everything I've had has been quite good - I would recommend the Caprese burger, chicken shawarma wrap, sauteed broccoli, and the falafel fries. Wait staff has always been friendly and nice. Love the cucumber, lemon, and mint infused water they serve, too!
Herb 'n Flavors suffers from a lame name and horrible location, but it's close to my apartment and serves exactly the food I'm looking for. 

I love when servers know all the ingredients in their dishes and can help me find the right fit for my strict diet.

Our server (Brent, I think?) was terrific and clever. He guided me to the warm lentil and spinach salad, which was delicious, and my date loved her gyro.

This place is the real deal for vegetarians, healthy eaters and sugar-free diets.
I live in the area and was so excited for a place like this close to my house, especially because I strongly believe in only eating organic.  However, I was kind of disappointed... perhaps I ordered the wrong thing.  I ordered the regular burger (with grass fed beef), with fries and hummus on the side.  All of it was really bland and seemed like cheap ingredients.  The beef was decent, they served it with white bread :/, one tomato and a bit of iceberg lettuce.  The fries tasted like frozen fries you put in the oven.  Not worth the $13, plus the cost of a drink and a tip...
My date and I tried this place because of the previous Yelp reviewers. I give it 5 stars and recommend it to anyone hungry for a wide variety of Mediterranean and Italian fusion food. It was well spiced, plentiful and served with a smile. We have Ovi as our server he total ROCKED!!! The restaurant was clean with an alright ambiance. Prices were good about like Red Robin. I will recommend to friends and family for sure!
Came here with a group of peeps, all with various eating styles. We had a paleo, a vegan, an 'I only eat meat and carbs' and myself who will eat almost anything; the menu had something for everyone! I love that they break their menu up so the vegans, vegetarians and gluten free eaters don't have to question every item listed. I ended up ordering the chicken tacos with a side of steamed veggies, it was delicious. 

We were all so sad to see such a great concept be fairly empty for a Friday night, could be the bad location (unfortunately, Herb n Flavors is blocked by Burger King). I hope this place has a long life, we will definitely be back!
Good customer service
I have been here on several occasions for lunch/dinner. Service was good, food is good, prices are decent. I always order the gyro and hummus for an app. I just wish they served rice with the gyro! I love rice.
I came to the place expecting to be disappointed given the moderately high prices, the location and the fact that it was fairly empty at the time. However, the amount of food that I was served definitely justified the price. My boyfriend and I ordered falafel fries, the spicy chicken wrap and the lentil soup. All that ended up providing us both with two meals! Pretty good value if you ask me. Plus, the lentil soup and spicy chicken wrap were delicious. The falafel fries were pretty good, but a little dry. I would order everything again.

I encourage everybody to try this place!
I was at the phoenix airport trying to catch a flight to Oregon....needles to say i wanted try Sauce's pizza....i love pizza.

The establishment is very nice. Customer service is great....so great points. I tried their pepperoni and sausage pizza with onions and peppers. This style of pizza is brick oven style, thin sliced. It was not bad, but not the best. They seem to have a good wine collection and other food items (other than pizza).  The pizza itself is 12 inches and not too greasy. I ate the whole pizza without being too full. This is G approved but i should try again next time.
Airport prices! 2 eggs, toast and potatoes. No drink. $7.65! Very average breakfast for an extremely above average price.
I ate here today with a dining companion while waiting for a flight.  

For our entrees we ended up splitting the feta turkey salad and chicken Caesar pizza.  The salad was nice with large chunks of turkey, plenty of feta and a variety of other toppings like almonds and tomatoes.  It also had a dressing that complimented the salad nicely being sweet but not too sweet.  The pizza ended up being an interesting creation with the pizza crust being cooked and then a chicken Caesar salad put on top.  It did not look pretty but tasted good.  The crispness of the crust underneath the salad was good as was the whole salad, especially the cheese shavings.  It's only drawback was how messy it was.

The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again while passing through the airport.  Just be aware of the time as these pizzas are not fast food.
Great service and yummy food. Airports don't often provide this level of eatery.
Awesome.  The meatballs are really good.  Pizza wasn't my favorite but the salads and pastas are great for airport food.
Pricey but good. Good pizza and sandwiches.
I went here on my way to Hawaii. Here's the deal. This place has awesome breakfast sandwiches. They are way better than anything else you can get in the airport for breakfast at the current time. I had an egg sandwich on pizza crust....it was excellent! I liked that it was cooked by a person in a pan (although I did see all of their 'sauce's coming out of plastic bags for later in the day.....not so awesome, but what can I expect?). The pizza crust made for a tasty spin on this classic sandwich. It also had cheese and tomato. It came with italian home fries, which were delicious! They had garlic and parm on them...Seriously? What more can you ask for...especially in an airport!
Our PHX airport dining options are getting better and better...

I purchased food from this airport Sauce location twice to date and I've been impressed - their food is consistent with their restaurants around town.  While their food isn't five star worthy, it's pretty damn good for the price and the fast-casual model.  I recommend the vegetable salad (I add turkey for extra protein sometimes) and their turkey, ham, salami panini (I order mine without ham).  

Service is friendly enough although it's not the fastest, so I don't recommend dining here if you're cutting it close trying to catch your flight!

Fox Restaurant Concepts are taking over Sky Harbor - today I noticed that they also opened a Modern Burger and Blanco between gates A4 and A5 (terminal 4).
This was my first time trying Sauce and it was pretty darn good. Located in terminal 4 in the midst of all of the shops and casual eateries. I believe this might be the only place serving alcohol without having to go through the gates. We ate here while waiting for my daughter's flight to come in and decided to take advantage of their $20 deal: 2 glasses of wine, a salad, and a pizza. The salad had chicken, sunflower seeds, gorgonzola, and a vinagrette. The pizza had pepperoni. Everything was really good...the pizza crust was great. The service was good, too. This is a great dining option in the airport.
Finally! Local food comes to the airport...and it's good!! On a recent trip, I was tickled pink to see that Sauce had opened their doors and this morning, I actually got to enjoy their food. But get this...instead of enjoying their common lunch and dinner items, it was 7 AM and guess what? They serve a delicious breakfast as well! I learned that their breakfast sandwiches come on flat bread that's made from their homemade pizza dough (yum), so I ordered the ham, cheese, egg and tomato breakfast sandwich without the cheese. When the sandwich came out, I quickly realized that this sandwich could easily feed two! Unfortunately, I was just a one though so I enjoyed half and saved the other half for later. The sandwich comes with deliciously salty breakfast potatoes as well. Sam Fox doesn't disappoint at his Valley restaurants and he didn't disappoint with the airport breakfast as well! I wish they served breakfast at every Sauce location (maybe one day!?) but in the meantime, I now have something to look forward to when I visit Sky Harbor.
We we leaving for a trip to San Francisco in the late afternoon, so we decided to grab a bite to eat. We were pleasantly surprised to see this restaurant right across from Paradise Bakery in Terminal 4. They certainly are giving PB a run for their money.

Everything was almost the same as their other restaurant in Scottsdale. When our pizza came , the dough, was sitting in some of the sauce. I prefer the bottom of my pizza to be dry. 

We are not discouraged, we'll be back.
Finally an airport restaurant with good food and good service.  I have made it a habit to stop by Sauce when I am at Sky Harbor Terminal 4.  The restaurant is actually managed like a restraurant and the staff takes pride in it.  I have only had pizza when I am here, but am happy nonetheless.  The food is reasonably priced and delivered within only a few minutes.  I would highly recommend this establishment.  It also has a bit of local flare.

Ironically, the food at this Sauce restaurant is prepared better than the other two locations I have visited.  

Seating can be difficult, however, the restaurant is at an airport, hence traffic flows cannot always be controlled.

Thanks for opening up such a fine place at Sky Harbor!
I love Sauce in its natural form, and the fact that it is now available @ Sky Harbor Airport just means I'm guaranteed delicious eats when I travel. My favorite item is the vegetable salad, and the summer special is a salad, pizza and two glasses of wine for $20 -- perfect for pre-flight jitters!
Most frequent travelers know that PHX is one of the very few airports with REAL dining choices!  No, not the typical crappy national chains (with increased prices), but good, local-ish chains!

This particular Sauce location is located outside of security which is great because it doesn't matter which concourse you're departing from, but it does mean you'll be tempting everyone in the security line with the yummy wafting smell of your pizza.

Employees are helpful, friendly, and accommodating.  I was offered a drink, gratis, while I waited for my pizza to cook.

Back in the day, Paradise Bakery was my go-to Terminal 4 grub.  No more- they've been replaced by Sauce!
Nice place to eat in the Phoenix airport - got a great special of a pizza, salad, and 2 glasses of wine for $20.  All were excellent and high above airport food standards.  Plus the staff was incredibly friendly!
Great food, menu is different from the "street" locations....
The best restaurant in Sky Harbor Airport.  Finally something that HMS Host hasn't destroyed.  The sausage & caramelized onion pizza is the best.  Staff is great and very friendly.
Great food, friendly staff, all smiles while waiting for my flight :) tried Mac & cheese and a sausage & caramelized onion pizza- both amazing for the price!
I've now eaten at a few Sauce locations and every experiance has been very positive. I really enjoyed the airport location because I travel a lot and have found often times you don't find good food at airports. The food came out quick which is great when you have a flight to catch. They boxed it up for me nicely which made it easy for my to take leftovers onto the plane if I wanted.

 I've tried a few of the pastas and they are all great, my fav is the Chicken & broccoli pasta, delicious. Sauce has also help me find a new favorite wine, Snoqualmie, which is difficult because I am so picky when it comes to my wine. Has to be sweet and fruity. Cheers to you Sauce !!
I never thought I would want to arrive earlier than necessary at an airport... to eat!  Well, now that Sauce is open in PHX Sky Harbor, I make it a point to show up extra early for my flights.

Friendly staff and quick, efficient service make Sauce an oasis in the middle of traditionally less than stellar dining options at the airport.  The whole process couldn't be easier - order at the register, take your number and grab a seat.  I like the long high top tables - great for airport people watching.  In less time than it takes to connect to the airport WiFi, your food will be ready.

I have yet to venture farther into the menu than pizza, because I am perfectly happy with that.  A thin crust pizza paired with a generous glass of wine is a nice pre-travel treat, in my opinion.  And, doesn't that glass of wine make the whole security checkpoint process that much more tolerable?  :)
Pizza with sausage and pepperoni was delicious as well as their Pinot Grigio. Perfect place to grab a bite when you have time before your fight.  Also I got my food pretty quick. *Note this restaurant is outside the security.
Love the chicken broccoli w cheese yumm
Imagine the perfect place to chill in an airport.... now, imagine Sauce- Pizza & Wine and forget the airline lounge!

True, we live in a world of imperfection.  I had to request a menu in order to take my time and order as they don't offer a waiting service.  However, after ordering the food and drinks, I was quite satisfied.  Drinks were very reasonable and the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the Mediterranean pizza (Basil, tomatoes, and cheese) and the Bruschetta.  The Pizza is thin but enough to split for two and the Bruschetta is voluptuous, with drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette to die for!

When ordering another beer, I didn't expect the cashier to start flirting with me (a bit unprofessional if you ask me), but they got the job done.

Overall, it is with genuine enthusiasm that I suggest dumping the airline lounge for Sauce - Pizza & Lounge!
I really appreciate that there's a Sauce at the airport. It's a better alternative to the other pizza places that are a bit blah. It's a good place to have lunch. Food is always yummy and comes out in a timely manner, which is always appreciated since I have a limited lunch break. I've eaten my way through most of the menu, but haven't gotten around to the breakfast just yet. I did see that they have a breakfast pizza which piques my interest so I'll have to give that a try sometime.
If you want to grab a quick pizza while at the airport, this isnt a bad spot to try. They were actually pretty quick, and the pizza was good.

My main grievances are the same at any pizza place though: lack of viable vegetarian options.

"but you can get a vegetarian pizza..." well, Im not a fan of a mouth full of onions and peppers, so unless you have real vegetables, you dont have a veggie pizza. "but you can have a salad", yeah and if thats the only vegetarian option anyone offers would you be happy with your choices?
Great woodfired cooked pizza; excellent choice if you happen to be flying thru Phoenix airport.
This place is exceptional for a quick airport restaurant. It's open to the central food court in terminal 4 right next to the higher end Chelsea's Kitchen. 

You walk up and order at the window - they have chalkboards flanking you with the current menu. The prices are extremely reasonable, and the quality is high by pizzeria standards, but  exceptional for airport food. 

The service is great, and we even had a waitress ask us if you wanted anything else, then she grabbed our card, took it up front, ran it, and brought us our food, though this didn't seem like standard procedure.

Tends to get pretty crowded at peak travel times, but we've always managed to find a table within a reasonable amount of time (first come first serve).

My coworkers and I have made this our regular hangout spot before flying out of a client in Phoenix, and it's likely to stay a staple.
Delicious, cheap food at the airport and very friendly staff.  I asked about the soups and the gentleman behind the register didn't hesitate to make a recommendation. I got the Tuscan Tomato which came with a piece of baguette and butter. Super creamy and super tasty. Took all of the stress out of my body and I got to sit and relax before my flight back to Vegas.
Airport dining is usually a medley of compromises, and Sauce is one of the better experiences I've had. Let's count. A 12" pizza here costs $10 and is labeled a personal pan (-1 because that shouldn't be encouraged) but I was able to split it with my girlfriend so we each had a decent meal for the unheard-of airport price of $5 each (+1). The thin cracker crust is not only fresh and crispy but helps prevent a bloaty meal (+1), but the toppings were surprisingly greasy for something as harmless as chicken sausage and poblano peppers (-1). The service was good, the setting elegant and the flatscreen clearly visible (+3).
I needed a drink so I came here. Service was ok nothing great. Hell the guy was not even happy to be there. Seemed lost really. Drinks are always high priced at the airport but what can you do. food was just ok not even good. 

Over all food was not good and service not at all what it could be. I wont come here again.
This  is a great place to get a good pizza if you are at the airport.  After have tacos for 4 days in Phoenix, the pizza was great. The service was great too.
Very good for an airport restaurant.
I wanted a quick eat but not a whole pizza so went for the pesto bruschetta. It was absolutely delicious. Quick, efficient service which is naturally what's needed at the airport. A great price too which means I will be back next time I fly. 
Nice work Sauce
.
In moving from US Airways reservations to a position at the airport, I have had the chance to experience some of the offerings.

Prices are lower than many airport offerings...service is fast...pizzas are good...

The spaghetti sauce...somewhat underwhelming.

No real "connection" between the server and customer, which, at an airport location, is really not a surprise.

For airport food...it is OK.
The bruschetta is amazing!
During one of my business trips last week, I decided to try a lesson in time management and actually get to the airport on time. Not only did I succeed, I arrived early enough to grab a bite to eat so I'm not stuck with peanuts. Enter: Sauce.

Not too shabby of a place for being inside an airport, I guess. I'll have to agree with a reviewer below me - the service is "ehh" and they don't care about much more than taking an order. For example, it was my first time and I had a couple questions about the "build your own pizza" and the guy at the cash register was less than thrilled. I ordered a glass of chardonnay and he asked me if I wanted ice... oh God. Why didn't I just turn around at that point?

So I ordered a basic pizza. It had some fancy name to it, but it was just a cheese pizza. Thin crust, minimal sauce (the irony) and not much to be remembered. So I ordered another glass of chardonnay and sucked it up. 

Note: The seating arrangement is awful. There are bar stools and tables and you won't find a seat for awhile because the tables seat up to 4 people, and if 1 person took that table - they won't seat you there. 

However, it is probably the best you'll get if you need to dine in at the airport - unless you want McDonalds or some crap Mexican food. The prices aren't bad (about $9 for a whole pizza and $5 for chardonnay) along with a variety of other items (pasta, salad, sandwiches, breakfast food). Maybe I just ordered the wrong stuff, but I don't see myself going back for round two.
Pizza was burnt and clearly warmed up with some more cheese thrown on top.  Won't go back.
Service with a smile, great pizza, great sauce, and comfortable space to kill time.
Ive been here probably 10 times before tonight, usually great. Tonight, not so much. The cashier didn't know how to ring my order, pepperoni and portobello mushroom. She also didn't know how to count change back, a serious pet peeve of mine, it's not that hard. The small plates that are put on the table were all dirty, not from someone using them just dirty from sitting there. And the table itself needed to be wiped off.
Far better than the typical airport dining experience, friendly service and excellent food!
Our entire family was transiting from Mexico back to CA at PHX.  
We were hungry and tired.  
We made the wise choice by walking into this gourmet pizza place!

It was the BEST thin crust pizzas I ever had!  
The chicken sausage and poblano was my favorite.  I had to order a second one!  
We also had pepperoni & mushroom, sausage & pepperoni, and cheese pizza.  

We cleaned plates! Don't miss this place if you are in PHX!
This place is a no brainer 5 stars for me.  It was the $3.75 beers that really caught my attention, but at the risk of looking like a lush to the locals (or non-locals since I was in an airport), I decided to grab a bite to eat.  Thank god I did.  I ordered the Turkey Feta salad and it was UN-believable.  Comprised of mixed greens, turkey, feta, corn, almonds, cucumber, tomato, and avocado; it was honestly one of the best salads I have ever had; and that's saying a lot (lettuce fiend).  You choose your dressing from an available list, so I can't guarantee how good this dish will be if you venture outside of the balsamic and red wine vinegar choices that I decided on; although I'm sure this one is difficult to screw up.

Short and sweet....

Service: Awesome
Beer: Cheap
Food: Must try
Ambiance: Above average considering... (airport)

Sidenote: Ask for a beer glass and you will get a vessel large enough to hold (conservatively) 5 ounces.  I laughed about that one.
Really tasty. Thin crust reminds me of pies you find in SoHo/NYC. Wood fired, crust edges are nicely singed. You stand in line to order, but they bring it to your table, so you can relax a bit. The size is larger than I expected for an airport pizza.
Recently, I enjoyed a delicious lunch at the Sauce restaurant in Phoenix so I decided to check out what this airport location had to offer. I figured it had to be better than the peanuts and pretzels the airline would offer, right? And oh boy was it better! 

You can order and pay with the hostess or at the counter which helps speed up the ordering process for those needing to rush off to their gate. 

*Caprese Salad with Crostini*
The salad came with cubes of fresh  mozzarella, diced tomatoes, freshly toasted crostini pieces, and mesclun (assorted small, young salad leaves). The fresh balsamic vinaigrette was the perfect pairing with the salad. I wasn't too hungry and found the half size portion to be just perfect!

I love that all the menu items come with a fresh baked roll and pat of butter - perfect for dipping in soup as I saw other guests enjoying. 

All in all, quite pleased with the reasonable prices, friendly servers, cleanliness of the restaurant, and healthy food options. Did I mention this is inside the airport?!
Needed a place to eat and connect to the Internet to work in between flights.

Checked out the other expensive restaurants and decided on Sauce because they have outlets at every seat in the house.

Asked the cashier what the best salad was and she recommended the Chicken, Spinach, Gorgonzola, Apple and Walnut Salad. Also ordered a glass of $5 chardonnay.

Surprised at how DELICIOUS everything was! Lots of chicken on the salad (and other toppings as well), and the dressing was yummy. Also given a dinner roll with butter to enjoy. The wine was good too.

Seriously, I had a wonderful salad and nice glass of wine for the price of a glass of wine at another one of the restaurants at the Phoenix airport.

I will definitely be back! Thank you Sauce.
Might be a tough pizza critic since we're from Chicago.  Dough was very thin and therefore 'wet' when ingredients were added.  It was okay but I wouldn't be anxious to have it again.  

Salad with shredded chicken, feta, tomatoes, and pine nuts was fantastic.  Served super cold with a light vinegar and oil based dressing.
I was happy to find a 4-5 star place to grab a quick dinner in PHX Sky Harbor airport terminal 4.

Sauce appears to have locations in Phoenix outside the airport as well.  I appreciated the thoughtful toppings and ordered a fajita chicken and poblano pizza.  It was a great and quick pizza.  However, several aspects, notably the crust keep it out of the 4 and 5 star rating for me.  

A fine place to eat when you're in the airport, but hard to score as a 4 star experience.
Sauce is an oasis in the Phoenix Airport.  My wife and I were blown away by a great experience at Sauce.  How rare is it to eat a sit-down meal in an airport (at a very reasonable price-point, mind you), and actually forget -- for a few minutes, at least -- that you're sitting in a busy airport?  Very refreshing.

The two of us split a pizza and a cookie (the cookies are over-sized; a beautiful thing).  Our total bill was $10.83 (see the picture I posted for proof), and it was plenty of food to fill the two of us up.

The pepperoni pizza was tasty; the pizza sauce lived up to its namesake at this spot.  

The seating area was clean and cozy.  Wood floors and wood tables made it feel downright classy.

The service at the counter was friendly and quick -- two great ingredients at an airport.

Well done, Sauce!
Airport food...stale, over priced under served, right? Well, this place is a real treat. From the cold beer to the ceasar salad to the fresh hot pizza this never ending succession of impression is capped off by fantastic service (seat yourself seating brings tips under question, but these folks hustle the food out hot with a smile).  I'm a bit of a ceasar snob, yet the chilled lettuce, light dressing with just the right bite, plenty of Parmesan, and fresh made croutons won me over and then some.  And an entre size salad for $6 was very impressive! As was the $8 pizza thin crust with fresh basil (I've had smaller pies for twice that price!).  I think I may fly the family out next time just to eat here!
As a frequent traveler I make it a point to stop at Sauce and have lunch/dinner. The food is great, cheap in price, and tastes great! Unfortunately it's not at every terminal, but well worth the walk.

And for those who are health conscious they can make a veggie pizza with easy cheese. 

Good food!
Potentially the best airport food I have ever had! My husband and I were taking a late flight home from AZ and stopped for dinner before boarding. The pizza pie was legit! Quick, affordable and yummy - a surprise coming from an airport! Well done.
I had to wait for my luggage which was comming on the next flight. I decided to get a pizza. Not a good chice though. I havnt been to sauce before not sure if just the airport kocation is bad like this or all of them.
1) the lady back there preparig pizza didnt have gloves on. Grabbing cheese and toping bare hand and spread them on the dough.
2) pizza was extremely salty. Maybe thats how they sell drink!!!!
3) they are stingy with the cheese and topping
For 11$ pizza i expect to have good amount of topping
4) overall pizza didn't look or taste good. I eat it because didnt want to go to another resturant and pay another 11$. Anywhere else i wouldnt even eat it.
Id compare their pizza with 7/11 pizza.
A La Mode makes the best cupcakes!  I am vegan and have family members with gluten and dairy intolerance so it is nearly impossible to find something we are all okay to enjoy.  I have loved their vegan cupcakes and ice cream since they are Atomic # 7, and I can not wait for them to have a storefront I can swing by for a yummy treat whenever the mood strikes :-)
I got a box of their banana cupcakes. It was certainly a surprise when A La Mode called me on my cellphone. They said I had a special delivery and asked if I was available in the afternoon to receive them. I'm not vegan but I do indulge in vegan food once in a while. Not all vegan dishes and desserts are bland or taste processed. Anyway, the cupcakes were fantastic. They were not dry and were a delight for my tastebuds. I have a couple vegan coworkers and I would highly recommend them to try A La Mode out.
I am using A La Mode for my wedding cake. My wedding is more than two months away, and I was so blown away by their cake samples that I felt compelled to write a review now. 

If you are vegan, you already know it is hard to find cake that is light and flavorful. If you are gluten free, you already know it's hard to find cake that is moist and spongy and not grainy. I don't know what A La Mode is doing (maybe witch craft), but they seem to have solved all of the above! 

Their samples blew me away. The cake was so moist and even fluffy! The icing selections were all smooth and the flavors not overpowering. The berry compotes were out of this world. You could really taste the natural flavor of the berries (unlike others that are loaded with sugars, syrups, and oils). I was literally licking the box to get all of it out!

I seriously do not know why Whole Foods hasn't jumped on this already and started carrying their product because it blows Red Velvet out of the water. 

I used to think Atlas in NYC had the best baked vegan goods but A La Mode has taken the cake (har har!). And they are considerably more healthy being gluten free AND organic.
For the amount i paid for a custom birthday cake, it definitely did not exceed or even meet expectations. I was very disappointed that the quality of the work on the custom cake was poor since previous reviews indicated they did great work.
On time delivery even though I some how put the wrong address. And didn't even notice when double, triple checked it. The cake was so moist and delicious, it was for my fiancs birthday and he isn't vegan and he loved it.
We were married at the Harley Davidson Chopper Chapel, on Sept 1.  My family has some pretty wacky allergies, so I had to find a bakery that could accommodate them AND would deliver.  A La Mode stepped up.  We ordered the vanilla cake with strawberry filling and chocolate frosting.  We specified gluten and dairy free, the top two allergies.  (Truth be told, I have 75 specific allergies and don't know how they would have made a cake with all of mine included).

There were 7 of us, and his parents are NOT gluten free fans.  So, this was going to be a challenge.  A La Mode stepped up to the plate flawlessly!!!  

The cake was easily something we would have ordered prior to our allergy days.  It was simply awesome.  

We ordered the cake that was supposed to feed 8.  After dinner, it could have fed 16.  When it first appeared it looked small, but it is dense and moist.  Not heavy, just spongy...  there was no grainy funky gluten free cake texture.  

They delivered on time, and even asked if they could deliver closer to our wedding time so it was the freshest possible product.

Would highly recommend!
I was surprised at how small the cake was.    But had the cake tasted awesome it would have made up for it.   It was one of the worst cakes I had ever tasted .    Very very disappointing
Ginger used to own Atomic #7 which was the happiest place on earth !! A Vegan ( & everything else) Ice cream shop that was pure heaven !! (How we miss it) . This is her Vegan cake online store ... she's an amazing baker/creator .. the best we've ever known &we've tried lotsa vegan eats !!
I am writing this review a bit late. I got married August of last year in Las Vegas . I am from California and I was freaking with the idea that I would have to make my own (vegan) cake and transport it (from California) then decorate it along with all of the other wedding "stuff". I was elated when I found A la mode. Everyone I spoke with at A la mode was incredible . They paid attention to every thought and concern. I had some sample cupcakes overnighted to me and they were packaged perfectly and tasted super fresh and delicious. The wedding went off without a hitch, everything was perfect. When I arrived at the reception I saw the cake and it was beautiful. A la mode exceeded my expectations. The cake was delicious and everyone enjoyed it, non- vegans (everyone except me) could not tell the difference and loved it! THANK YOU A LA MODE!!!!
Wow this is place is great! There is a place like this back in orange county that I love, but this place is even better. 

Custom pizzas are approx 9" and for $8.95 and you can choose unlimited toppings!!! They have an excellent selection of high quality fresh toppings. Some of my favorites FRESH mozzarella, roasted garlic, bacon, sliced meatballs, chorizo, caramelized onions, and fresh basil to name just a few!!! That's only about 1/3 of their vast selection. 

You start by choosing your dough original, wheat, or gluten free. FYI, they use double zero flour which is pretty much the best flour that $ can buy for thin crust pizzas. After you choose your dough it is hand stretched and shaped in front of you on a marble slab. You then choose from 4 different sauces (spicy diavolo is really good IMO). Then choose your cheese(s) from fresh mozz, asiago, gorgonzola, and parmesan. Now on to the bounty of toppings! The pizzas cook very fast in the 700 degree oven. You'll be biting into your custom built creation within a couple of minutes after paying. 

I really LOVE the high quality ingredients, large selection of toppings, but above all the CRUST!!! Their crust is a thin Neapolitan that is slightly charred and crispy on the bottom and chewy in the middle. Awesome! A bit more bite than a NY style crust, but still thin enough to really let the toppings do their thing. Anyone who's eaten at settebello or due forni (unless you chose the roman crust at d.forni) has had this kind of crust. I think their pizza is better than due forni by leaps and bounds (other than the originality of pizza toppings and flavors). Settebello is great in its own right, but I would give custom built just a slight edge. I think the crust is slightly better and a better selection of toppings.
As a Fathers Day treat, the gf and I made the food rounds post-church, Pre-US Open watching.

After a pleasant surprise of a Sno Ono treat at  church, we decided to try Custom Built after seeing it highlighted on Yelp.  It's located within the "maze" of shops at Flamingo and Grand Canyon - i gotta admit, i don't care for the location especially since i hit the nearby LVAC 2-3 times the week and thus a temptation post-gym.

The basic concept is like Subway/Quizno's - they press out the dough and then you choose one of 4 sauces ( red/spicy red, pesto , alfredo ) then one or all 5 cheeses;  then about 20 toppings to choose from, again, have as any as you want - they pop it into the wood(?) oven - a couple minutes and presto !  MY PIZZA

we went with red sauce, mozzarella, asiago, sausage, meatball and pepperoni

2nd - pesto, Gorgonzola, Parmesan and sausage ( i wish they had shrimp for this one ) 

GF also had a custom salad

We were pleasantly surprised - decent stuff !  We both preferred the crust edges compared to the crust in the middle portion ( we like the blistering on the edges ) 
the sauce, especially the pesto, very good !  The combo of pesto and Gorgonzola was a hit.

$9 for each pizza but we did get 1/2 off my pizza for fathers day ...cool !

A little petty - they should cut the pizza into 1/8's not 1/4's but i'm sure they will do that for us next visit.

We will return 

next stop ...manon....
We are happy with this new pizza spot!  We stopped here on the way back from hiking Cathedral Rock at Mt. Charleston.  Eric R. was hungry for pizza and I had noticed this on yelp yesterday.  We hardly get to the west side so we went this direction post-hike.  Eric R. was pleased with unlimited toppings at a flat rate ($8.95).  They eventually will have wheat and gluten-free dough but today was just the regular.

I got the spicy diavolo sauce (tasted it first - whew nice and spicy!) and a combo of mozzarella and jack cheese.  Then, the only non-pork protein option: chicken.  My veggies...basil, roasted red peppers, artichokes, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, sundried tomatoes, jalepenos, sundried tomato oil....I think that is it :)  After it came out of the oven, they zinged it with cilantro.

It was pretty quick, with a charred crust and 4 big slices.  It theoretically could be 8.  I ate 5/8ths of the pizza before saving the rest for my lunch tomorrow.  Eric R. enjoyed his pizza and saved some too.  It is quite filling!  He was happy with sample breadsticks at the cash register before we got our pies.  While eating we ran into friends who happen to live near the restaurant.  The owner came around and gave us a charred pizza dough roll stuffed with marshmallows and nutella for a free dessert sample - and it was like s'mores!!!  MMM!

I definitely am impressed with the freshness and quickness of the pizza.  They did offer half off pies for dads today, which is nice.  Everyone working there is very friendly and takes pride in what they offer.  When we return to the west side, we will definitely stop  here!
When I saw this place show up as a Hot New Business on the Yelp frontpage, I thought it was a bit of a silly name.  But it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  Think Subway/Chipotle (Custom Built Sandwich/Burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8.95 gets you a 12-inch pizza with all the toppings you want.  According to their website:

(4) kinds of sauces
(4) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together
(7) kinds of meats
(7) kinds of veggies
(7) kinds of toppers, added after the pizza is cooked

Who else sells you a (potentially) 25-topping pizza for $8.95?!  I don't know if I would try it.  Except that I totally would if I could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  Once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant I had my food!

For my very first custom built pizza I had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, Italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CeqWpwHBoaxwRcv5btnv6g?select=zg2BAK39ZOP7M6bmZmAF7Q#tqe5lahN7SPZZw2mLVaFag).  I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and I'm quite okay with that.  No gum for me, I'm still enjoying my pizza.  Tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.  

You want to ask me out for dinner?  How the heck are you gonna do that?  You can build me a pizza or something.  I am a fan and I will most definitely be back.
This place is amazing.

Seriously. It seriously is like chipotle except it's brick oven pizzas. The staff was super friendly, and the food was SOOOOOO GOOD. I definitely suggest their pesto- it was AMAZING! The pizzas are pretty large, and you can get whatever you want on them- I was full after the first two pieces, so now I have some leftovers for later tonight!

They accidentally dropped my friend's pizza on the floor as they were taking it out of the oven. They quickly remade it for her and gave her a buy one get one free pizza for her next visit. Great customer service!

I love this place so much. Everyone needs to visit. I may come here a lot. It is dangerously close to my house.

Oh, and they have gluten free for all you celiacs out there : )
I will be back great pizza and great staff . Wow
Cant freakin wait to go back!!!

The hubby and I were looking for a good pizza place to try and this popped up on yelp nearby...SO we learned how it worked before we went in...
Basically you build your own pizza with unlimited toppings or none for the same price. One size,but its a big one, I couldn't finish one on my own.
We bought two: Diavola sauce, fresh and shredded mozzarella, chorizo, pepperoni, fresh basil, bell pepper...and the other was the stock Bianca. Both were amazing. Like I said, I can't wait to get more. A tad pricey, but hey, load it up with toppings and foul get what you pay for! See my photos of my pizzas, that were half gone,lol
You really can't go wrong with the formula: quality ingredients, custom ordering, and fast and friendly service. And all at a low price. Is it the absolute best pizza I've ever had? No. But for $9 the value is off the charts. (Plus a nice use of technology with the Belly rewards program, which ends up being buy-10-get-1-free.) Can't wait to come back!
I was very excited to see a new Neapolitan-style pizza shop open up in town, being a big fan of Settebello and Neapolitan-style pizza in general.

The pizza is very good for the price. The crust is nice- fluffy, chewy, and lightly charred. I really enjoyed that they offer a spicy sauce option, as well as fresh mozzarella and basil. It is fun watching them assemble your pizza moments before serving it. The ingredients are fresh and high-quality, and they have plenty of topping options for a flat rate. I don't know if this quite works out in my favor, seeing as how I do not generally order meat on my pizza. It is a fun idea, though, and I'm sure they open themselves to a larger customer base because of the flexibility.

Overall, this is really good pizza for the price, convenience, and quality. Definitely going to be a staple!
Delicious!! What a great concept. My fianc LOVES pizza but I'm not a huge fan; at least I wasn't. Custom making you pizza with high quality ingredients is great
LOVE this place! We decided after reading yelp reviews to try this place out and we will for sure be back!

For $8.95 you can customize a pizza with any of the toppings they have. The topping are so fresh! You can even pick several types of cheeses!

We got 2 pizzas. I had fresh mozzarella, pineapple, mushroom and pepperoni on mine. My man had shredded mozzarella and jack cheese, sausage, onion, jalapeno. We both had the spicy diavola sauce. It was full of flavor and delicious!

Let me tell you if you like "mild" spicy the diavola sauce isn't for you because it is HOT! 

It was $23.57 for both pizzas and 2 sodas. You get free refills and they have lids and straws if you want to take your soda to go.

We got a "belly card" that we can swipe each time for rewards. 

They have "Thirsty Thursdays" where on Thursday you can get any beer buy one get one FREE!

If you haven't tried this place it is a must for any pizza lover I just can't say enough it was very very good!
This place is redefining fast food. With good ingredients and short cooking times comes delicious pizza. It may be a notch below places like Due Forni or Dom DeMarco's, but for what it is, it's amazing. It's inexpensive (only one size of pizza for $8.95), quality food... think of it as Due Forni (or Dom's) Light.

For the price you can get as many toppings as you want. I took it easy and just got the pesto sauce with chicken, mushrooms, and caramelized onions. After only waiting a few minutes it was brought out to our table. The crust had a decent char around the top and outside edges and the bottom was even crispier, making it easy to pick up a slice without it going limp and having the toppings slide off.

Other reviews have said they cut the pies into four slices, but they cut ours into eight. It's nice to see new business listen to feedback and make tweaks for the better.

Custom Built Pizza is also great for kid's since they can choose their own toppings and see it being assembled. Plus, it's affordable.
Fast, friendly and delicious. Like a "Chipotle" for pizza get any pizza prepared just the way you want it, FAST. The team is friendly and the ingredients are fresh and high quality. My pizza was ready by the time I paid the cashier (who was extremely friendly) and tasted better than I could have ever expected. This is a must try, and return; again and again and again.
After reading all the glorious reviews I had to try the place.  From the moment we walked in the door it was confusing.  Is this a pizza place or a custom cabinet builder?    The ordering is completely confusing.  Too many choices.  We ordered a margarita pizza, and a custom built - gawd really?! I have to pick which cheese and sauce also?  Again, I think there are too many choices.  Just my opinion though.  We got our pizzas and while they weren't gross - they weren't any better than anyone else's.  If you eat pizza hut or little Caesars - this is a step above it, but that's all and costs more.  It was about $8-10 per person with a drink... I cant imagine that I would bother going back anytime soon.  Sad that it wasn't better.
Can you say FRESH! 

This place rules! Me being a pizza freak and all I have to say hands down one of the best pizza I have ever had. Love the way how the wood burning oven brick cooks the pizza, the taste and the color it gets is just the way I like it. I'm very critical about the pizza dough; don't like thin crust nor pan style or chewy/tough. I'm somewhere in the middle and this place fits what I look for in a pizza. Plus all the pizza is custom built, hence custom built pizza. The pistachio pesto is a must try! I can't wait to go back..
I think another Yelper commented that this place was like "the Chipotle of pizza". That's pretty much spot on. Pizza made fresh and with a high quality for a reasonable price? Yeah, that pretty much describes custom built pizza. What i really liked is the unlimited toppings for the pizza. Actually, I ordered my pizza with like 3 different sauces, a regular tomato one, a bbq one, and a hot sauce one. The brick oven wood fired pizza definitely takes it to a whole 'nother level. For about 9 bucks you can get a 11in pizza done your way with the quality of a wood fired brick pizza.
The concept is awesome, the service is pleasant, the pricing is reasonable, and the product is not too shabby.  

But I wasn't so impressed by the food that I will make a special trip.  Yes, tasty, but not blow your-socks-off tasty.
What a great place. The staff was warm and friendly and walked us through the process.  I had explained to my family this was like subway for pizza but they didn't get it until we went through the process.  My husband was thrilled with the 2 x 1 beer too. 

Pizza was excellent, the place is very clean and the pizza was out very very fast.  I will recommend to everyone who wants a casual dining experience.
For the money, there is no better pizza in Las Vegas.  Sure, Settebello and Dom DeMarco's might make a better pie, but both are pricier and take longer.  I actually think Custom Built is better than Due Forni.  Highly recommended.
This place is awesome..  So many toppings and ideas.. You could eat there everyday and get something different. Everyone is so nice. I try and eat there once a week. The food is fresh and tasty to!
From moment you walk in the door, you know this is a different pizza place.  Starting off, there are 3 different dough types, then mix/match sauces (4 different sauces) & cheese (at least 6 that I can remember), and toppings galore.  I will be back to try different combinations.  Another difference is that even though the dough is tossed in front of you, it doesn't take forever to get the pizza.  You go down the assembly line style for choosing you toppings, choose a salad, drink, and dessert if you want, then by the time you sit down your pizza is almost ready.
I had a custom built pizza with pistachio pesto, mozzarella, and roasted chicken that was really tasty.  To top it off, the employees were really nice, and I'm a stickler when it comes to good service..

To sum it up, good food and great service!  Will return...!
I loooove this place! if youre in the city, even on the strip, the trip is totally worth it.  If you think your pizza is bad, its not because of this place; its because of how you built it.
Probably the best pizza I have had in a long time. I love supporting local owned family businesses. I highly recommend trying out this friendly establishment. The food is awesome and the service is amazing! I love entrepreneurs and new endeavors in this "economy."
It is the Chipotle of pizza.  What works about this is the personal size of the pizza which means everyone can have what they want.  With 4 picky eaters in the family that is a godsend. 

The kids absolutely raved about the Smores Pizza so if you are feeling indulgent go for that.  

The owner was incredibly nice and so was the staff.   I always meet the owners of small businesses, because I love supporting our local Las Vegans.  

I highly recommend it if you are on this side of town.  It blows away Dom DeMarcos, whose pizza and service were inferior.  It is not as good as Due Forni, whose service and pizza are amazing. For the price point it is top notch!
It's hard to give this place a bad review. With quality ingredients I made an excellent pizza. Great service and beer and wine you can't get enough!
This is long overdue. Sometimes when I order pizza in a restaurant and I ask to replace an ingredient with another the waiter roll his eyes and makes me fell really uncomfortable. Here you pick the ingredients you want on your pizza and you see them making it right in front of you: LOVE IT! Been there for family lunch and business lunch and it is great every time.My son love it!

 Mo and Larry are very nice. Highly recommend!
I was drawn into this place because of the guy standing outside with a flyer and some samples.

I ordered a 1889 Pizza Margherita and it literally took less than 3 minutes to bake it. The guy making my pizza was so funny because I was timing how long it really takes to cook a pizza. Because I wanted to see if it was consistent, I ordered 3 more pizzas. They all took less than 3 minutes. It was awesome!

....Back to my 1889 Pizza Margherita. I think that it tasted as good as Grimaldi's

I also ordered a smores which is made out of nutella and marshmallows. Its a must try!
Love this place. I've been here several times for lunch (it's near my office) and the food has been consistently excellent. Top quality, fresh, made to order goodness :)

Given how expensive pizza can get at some places, getting unlimited toppings for less than $10 is great :)
I am a member of LVAC and they had a booth sampling the pizza.  It was fantastic.  I got a coupon and decided the next day to get it for dinner.  Every pizza place charges several more dollars for a gluten free crust and Custom Built does not!  They have extremely reasonable prices.  The best part is they have goat cheese!  Love this place.
Amazing!  You create a pizza like you would create your sub at subway.  However, unlike subway where your stuck with the meats on that sub and each sub has its own price, here you choose what ever you want and it is one price.  The toppings are awesome and plentiful, dont be shy, ask for what ever you want.  The pie is large (11 inches) so it is easily shared or you will have leftovers.  The quality is there, the price is great, and the service is amazing. Great job and great concept.  They have very tasty gluten free crust!
I was born and raised in Chicago so I tend to be biased when it comes to pizza, however I can appreciate the various styles as long as they are done well. 

The positive reviews on Yelp led me to Custom Built Pizza. I was skeptical, but I loved the idea and just had to try it. You walk up and select your crust, sauce and toppings. You're not nickel and dimed for every topping either. And the options are endless and fresh. Overwhelmed by all the possibilities, I went with the classic 1889 Pizza Margherita. It was loaded up and baked for a few short minutes. I paid my tab and was digging in while it was still piping hot. This didn't compare to those in I had in Italy, but compared to those locally and in NY this was top notch. Who knew? Someone with this brilliant idea, apparently. 

My brother joined me on this visit. He had the spicy diavola mixed with the crushed tomato sauce the blend had a nice kick without overpowering the other ingredients. He went to town and chose a smorgasbord of meats and veggies. We shared slices and his creation was quite delicious and I was most impressed that the crust held the toppings. No grimaldi's pizza I've had has been able to do this, few NY styles have. Even those I had in Naples got soggy and limp. Avoid extra extra cheese and dine in to maintain the crisp sturdy crust.

Fresh. Quick. Tasty. Affordable.
I finally tried this place the first time after seeing it open up next to the tropical smoothie I always go to.

This place is the subway/chipotle of pizza. You can pick what type of dough, sauce, cheese and a plethora of toppings. The dough is rolled fresh right in front of you and the toppings are the freshest. And there's no limit to the combinations. They actually encourage you to go a little crazy with the toppings! Pizzas are thrown in an old fashioned wood fired oven and ready in about 10 minutes. 

The staff is definitely the nicest group of people I've had the pleasure of meeting too.

I will become a regular whenever I'm in the area and have that pizza craving.
The owners were incredibly nice and so was the rest of the staff. They took the time to walk me through all the steps and even let me taste the sauces before I picked one so I knew I made the right choice. I went with the 50/50 regular and spicy sauce. I put all the cheeses on it and all the meats. I added a few veggies and called it a day. For 9 dollars I was pretty darn happy with it. I thought the ingredients were fresh and delicious. I thought the cheeses packed quite a bit of punch and the dough was nice and chewy. I went to Grimaldis yesterday so I was hoping for a bit more bite out of the crunch towards the center but regardless I was still very impressed by it all. I really love the service here and that's what makes it a 5 star review. I can't wait for them to expand into the rest of Vegas. They are looking at a spot over off Eastern near Richmar so that's right by me. Definitely worth the drive though. Owners couldn't have been more hospitable.
What a fabulous place.  Delicious pizza, cooked to order in just minutes.  CBP is kind of like a Subway Sandwich for pizza lovers.  You go in and pick your dough, your sauce and the toppings and BAM they make that puppy!  They throw it in a wood burning kiln which bakes it at high velocity (around 2-3 minutes).   Great place for lunch and reasonably priced.  Watch out for the Diavolo (sp) Sauce it is flipping HOT.  Owner was there and it was obvious he is passionate it about his pizzas and your happiness.  I HIGHLY recommend this joint, I only hope that one opens someday closer to my neck of the woods!
So all the Round Table Pizza chains in Vegas shut their doors and removed their signs... damn shame if you ask me as i was born and raised in the bay and Round Table has always been my favorite franchise of pizza. Damn. So after driving to their location on Sahara and Ft Apache with a craving for pizza just to find it closed i suggested hitting up Custom Built as it's been on my to do list for quite some time and we were set on pizza.

True to all their reviews and advertisement you pretty much build your own pizza from their selection of crusts and toppings. 

I've been here twice back to back. First time i got a half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with a few add toppings and they turned out great.

Second time i tried to 'layer' the flavors by asking them to make rings of sauce on the crust before cheese and toppings are added. The result wasnt as i was expecting and i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it makes the pie soggy.

I expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies.
Buying a Groupon can often be a crap shoot. I had heard good things about Custom Built Pizza before the Groupon became available so I was pretty confident about the purchase. 

After a long day of shopping and running errands, my fella and I decided to get a bite to eat before heading home. Having spent a pretty penny on all purchases, we decided the best idea was to use on of the many Groupons I have pending. We arrived at Custom Built and were greeted warmly and instructed on the ordering process. 

My fella and I both got our own personal sized pizzas and proceeded to select our toppings of choice. They have some great sauces to choose from. The staff encouraged us to sample them before choosing. I tried the highly recommended spicy diavalo sauce and chose the pretty typical offerings of pepperoni, basil, mushrooms, olives, sun dried tomatoes and lots and lots of mozzarella cheese. I love the concept and the ingredients are really fresh and tasty. Their dough is handmade and you can taste it. I was surprised by how great my pizza turned out.  Since it was my first visit, I erred on the side of caution, but I look forward to my next visit where I plan on being a little more adventurous with my toppings and trying their whole wheat dough as well as one of their dessert pizzas.
Was very surprised at ALL the different toppings
they had here! If you think it, I bet they can make
it! Maybe!
This pizza was really really good. You pick all the toppings you want and they make it right before your eyes. I went with a classic Hawaiian but I really enjoyed my girls pizza. It had spicy tomato sauce so I'm definitely getting that next time. We have two more Groupons to use, so we'll be back soon. Really great place, I'm looking forward to coming back.
I don't know how they do it... but they do it fast and they do it well and they do it with smiles on their faces! 

I walked in and was greeted with a smile and asked if it was my first time. When I said yes, the lady immediately offered me samples of the different sauces they have and made recommendations for mixing sauces together for flavor explosions! I was impressed! I tasted the sauces and ended up choosing a mix of tomato and a little diablo (spicy, I think that's what it was called?).  So, the set up is like ordering at subway. You pick what type of dough you want, and then sauce, and then cheese, and then toppings. The choice of toppings is unbelievable! So many meats and cheeses and veggies to chose from, and unlimited amounts and varieties for the same price? 

IS THIS REAL LIFE? 
PIZZA HEAVEN!

Did I mention the price is only like, $8-9? And the pizza is quite large (at least big enough for me to take half of it home!). I ended up choosing all of the cheeses, garlic, onion, pepperoni and jalapeno/artichoke on half of the pizza. As soon as you're done with toppings, your pizza gets placed in the brick oven. Literally, by the time I was finished picking out which beer I wanted and paying, my pizza was ready. 3 minutes, maybe?

And ranch - FREE RANCH. Awesome. 

Sat down, took my first bite, and fell in love. 

Okay, so this pizza isn't the most amazing delicious perfect heavenly pizza I have ever had, but it is VERY close. And you cannot beat the service, speed, and price!

Yum. Great for families and kids. They also have a smores pizza for dessert - I'll check that out next time. Oh yes, there will be a next time.
Great pizza 
great service 
Lots of toppings 
Gluten free 
Wood fire oven
I eat pizza a lot. There are only a couple places that I really like, and CBP is fast becoming a regular stop for me. First and foremost the pizza is great.  You get your own personal sized pizza that I find big enough to share with my 3 y/o daughter.  I tried a couple of the different crusts which were all good, but in the end I usually get the regular crust. My favorite sauce is the Spicy Tomato hands down! The restaurant is clean and inviting. The owner Larry is a pleasant fellow and always a pleasure to talk to. Service is friendly and the turn-around time is like 2 minutes in the wood-fired brick oven.  I would highly recommend trying CBP for a fun and tasty dining experience.
Best pizza I had in town? Ehhh nope, is it worth giving it another try? Sure! Used my Groupon and tried the basic basil & tomato pizza. Crust was tasty, toppings were good, ranch was good too. Employees were friendly. I dunno, I just didn't get all warm and fuzzy like I usually do when I eat my all time favorite food. I do appreciate all the different toppings and cheeses and crust to chose from..maybe next time will be better.
Enthusiastic and gracious staff.  Check!
Convenient location in Summerlin. Check!
A unique pizza experience with premier variety of ingredients.  Check!
Incentives to bring you back. Checkity check check.
This pizza shop came highly recommended by many fellow yelpers on my Gluten Free thread so I dined here today. I chose to build my own pizza. Gluten free crust, crushed red tomatoes for the base, mozzarella cheese, sundried tomatoes, garlic, crispy basil & pineapple. WOW was I impressed. The guy behind the register also informed me they would be getting a much better gluten free crust next week, and I even thought this one was great! So happy this place was recommended it was Delish! I even ate my whole pie... Haha
IT'S JUST A-OK.

So when you choose to eat here your options are pretty simple. You can choose whatever house specialty pizza at different prices they have or you can choose your own unlimited toppings for 8.95. Mind you that they only have one size and I would say that it's a little bit smaller than a medium pizza hut pizza.

So here's your steps for your custom built pizza.

1. Choose your Dough. (Wheat, Gluten Free, or Traditional)
2. Choose your Sauce. (Crushed Tomato, Spicy Diavola, Creamy Alfredo, or Pistachio Pesto)
3. Choose your Cheese. (Mozzarella, Jack, Gorgonzola, or Asiago)
4. Choose your Meats. (too many to mention)
5. Choose your Veggies. (too many to mention)

When you hear of this place and find out you can put whatever toppings you want for 8.95 of course it sounds like a good bargain. So naturally I was thinking for the toppings why not EVERYTHING?

Here's where the problem lies. When I was there that day, I told the guy I wanted all the toppings on there. He said, you can do that BUT not all of it will get cooked properly and not only will it not look right, but most of the toppings will fall off when you take your first bite. 

Now I dont know if he said that so that he wouldnt lose money since you would have all the toppings he offers on there, so I ended up only going with about 8 toppings total on mine. I ordered another with just extra cheese and extra pepperoni because that's all my 8 year old likes to eat.

So overall, I was kind of disappointed. Dont get me wrong, everything tasted good but the fact that I can eat one pizza by myself, that can get expensive, especially with a family of 4. 

For a complete list of their menu items, address, and contact info, visit their website at www.custombuiltpizza.com
After two visits to Custom Built Pizza I can confidently say this is a 5-star place to me!! I love the concept -- it's like going to Subway, but for pizza! The variety of choices (sauces, cheeses, and toppings) and the deliciously chewy crust from the brick oven make the pizzas great.  I loved trying the Alfredo and pesto sauces too -- so yummy! And beer, wine and the salad options are great, too.  Atmosphere is a little lacking but it's very clean and the service is friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend this place when you're in the mood for fast & delicious pizza in Summerlin but don't want to pay the higher prices of Due Forni or Dom DeMarcos.
Yummy Yum! The pies are GREAT! The dough is perfect my wife order a pie with her toppings and I ordered mine. We had a few slices to take home eating for lunch the next day. I like the simple easy menu no drama.  Wish they had an XLARGE pie.
I've been a regular at Custom Built ever since I stopped in on a Sunday morning and tried a Shrimp Scampi pizza (amazing, by the way!). My whole family loves to come as we can all get our own personal sized pizza with whatever we want on it. My personal favorite is the Alfredo sauce, but they are all good. I try to change up my toppings, but always add fresh tomatoes.  The staff is always super friendly, and it truly does take only 2 minutes to get your food. I have recommended this place to several of my friends because it's just so awesome!
This is good pizza. A solid "good." I want to like it much more than I do, though. It has all kinds of winning elements, but there's just something that's torpedoing the whole show here, and after some deep yelpey thought, I believe its the crust. Its just not good crust. Help me out here, pizza people... 

They have tons of topper options, you can have all or one or none -all the same price (which is nice), great service, clean resto, prices are good. So what's wrong? Is it the crust? Is it the oven/type of heat? If I wanted boboli, I'd get boboli. I don't want boboli, but that's what the end product is like. Its like mass produced dough-ball "convenience crust." Sigh...
Is the pizza amazing? I wouldnt say orgasmic, but its pretty darn yummy! Plus they have NUTELLA SMORES PIZZA! That alone deserves 409674509409 stars!

Soooo Im not gonna bore you with all the toppings and what not. Just with my experience! Sooo Im a little picky and as weird as it sounds I'm not a fan of red sauce! What I am a fan of is buffalo chicken pizza! And they have it here! What I ask for is no bleu cheese and extra regular cheese! They dont seem to put enough cheese on the pizza so I ask for extra! I purchased some Groupons and put them to use! Like all have said you can legit eat an entire pizza alone!  We purchased a buff chicken, bacon, pep and extra cheese and a nutella smores pizza! 

I always ask for ranch and they give me a little side. The first time I went they were super sweet and patient with me, and this time also. I believe the owner was there, or some older gentleman but he made me feel awkward because I used a groupon then after I checked in I got a check in deal. Well this was after we began to eat so I decided to put it to use and purchased the smores pizza! He didnt know what I was talking about, but then honored it. Again I felt awkward. Anywho, we wrapped up our items and left.

The inside is very clean and nice, the employees are super kind and not little jerks! We tried a piece of the small (4 slices) smores pizza and were literally in high heaven. IT WAS ORGASMIC. SERIOUSLY! I would go to the gym 100 hrs just to eat one of these once a day! jk, but it was amazing!

Go for the Buffalo chicken pizza and smores, you will not be sorry!
Sucks!!! Totally sucks!!!! Sucks that I can't change what I get regularly there. So good I get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! Will keep going back again and again.
Every one needs to go here!
It's subway but with pizza. I'm getting hungry already and about to head over to Custom Built Pizza...... YUM!
I do enjoy their freshly made pizza and the service I've experienced has been really nice. The quality and taste does remind me a little of CPK, but they are both yummy to me! I love that I can see the toppings before decided which ones I would like on my creation.  I'm super indecisive so luckily they weren't too busy when I was trying to decide on toppings. I'm definitely no pizza expert, but I did think it was satisfying. My husband decided he likes Pizza Hut better (his opinion doesn't count.) They were super quick for a freshly made pizza and they also like to show off their handy work before you walk out the door.
As the name states, you can design your pizza from the bottom-up - crust, cheese, sauce, toppings, and all. Full-customization is a brilliant concept to apply to pizza, but the excellence of the staff and the high-quality ingredients bring the concept to life. 

The staff was immediately engaging from the very beginning - attentive, warm, and knowledgeable in perfect balance. Ordering here can be a bit confusing at first (what with all the options), but the staff guided us through the process with patience and great personality. They also seemed genuinely passionate about their food; they weren't afraid to show pride in their work, and they have a right to be proud!

The pizza itself was amazing. Because of the customized concept, there's no room to hide bad ingredients, and I found no wrong here - all the ingredients were fresh and tasty, and if you are a fan of soft, thin-crust pizza, you will love the crust. Delicious!

Between the fantastic service and the fantastic food, I'm definitely looking forward to next time, and I'll be returning often for as long as they keep it up.
i like that you can add whatever you want to your pizza if you get the custom built pizza option. they have other styles you can choose from but its a lot more fun to experiment with your own choices. well, could potential be bad too, but the toppings and sauces pretty much work together.

i had their pesto sauce, bell peppers, chicken, italian sausage, basil, cilantro, spinach, one other green leaf, garlic, half fresh mozz and i forgot the cheese, half shredded mozz and romano, and a few other stuff i forgot...

it was really good! the dough was ok. im a new york pizza crust kinda guy so im very particular about my crust.

my friend did mention that you got the feeling that it was a very healthy looking pizza. which it was. great ingredients. but if you want oily pizza that you know is bad for you but tastes good, there are other places.

customer service is great. attentive and willing to give you advice about combinations.
Yum yum getcha some. I made it here after getting rave reviews from my friends and it didn't disappoint. We went around 8pm on a Wednesday night and it was quiet, no lines and the two attendants were immediately attentive and starting explaining everything. I'm a sucker for BBQ pizza and was able to fine tune it exactly how I wanted it am so did my very picky husband we both enjoyed it, very casual and got our pizza brought to us in minutes. Great crust nice and freshly spun right in front of you. We enjoyed and will be back with the youngin : )
Great customer service at this local pizza place! They only do personal pizzas and you can customize as you like. They'll bake it in their wood oven right in front of you. My favorite combo so far has been creamy alfredo sauce with bacon, pepperoni and garlic. I went to Secret Pizza at the Cosmo hoping to be completely wow-ed, but while I was there, I couldn't help but think of how good and convenient Custom Built Pizza is (don't get me wrong, Secret Pizza was still good, but the strip is a bit of a trek). Don't forget to check Yelp for check-in deals. I passed up Groupon on this place a few weeks ago, but I think it's great to support a local business, Groupon-less!
We went here for the first time on a groupon and will definitly be going back!  The topping selection is very diverse and everything was fresh.  I like that you can choose from white, whole wheat, or gluten free crust.  What I don't like is that the Whole Wheat costs a dollar extra.  You can't tell me that it costs that much more to make a ww crust!  Also, why is it always extra for the "healthier" option.  I liked that they had a pesto option for the sauce, and my husband liked that they had a spicy red sauce.  I have to agree with another reviewer when she said that the crust isn't that good.  I liked how crispy it got, but it is lacking in flavor.  I think they need to add more salt to the dough, it was just a little bland.  They also have a salad pizza option, which I may try the next time.  Over all we enjoyed it.  Oh, BTW you could totally share a pizza and a salad if you didn't want a huge meal.  We each got our own (because we can't agree on toppings) and both took half home.
Pizza is so awesome! My husband and I have been going here for a few months now and enjoy it every time. The customer service is fantastic and although we haven't yet stayed in the restaurant to eat, there is ample room to hang out and enjoy a good 'za. The ingredients are fresh and you can have a pizza to eat in under 5 minutes (and watch it be made)!  What else can I ask for? Oh, and the choice of sauces (spicy, regular or white) and crusts (white, wheat or gluten free) help satisfy anyone's craving.
I was kind of surprise, but this place is really good. The staff are very friendly and upbeat. They let us try the homemade presto sauce, we had the gluton free dough and it is very tasty and light. Usually when we go to a restaurant with a groupon, we would not go back again but we will definitely come back to this place. In fact I am thinking about going back there right now... It's $8.99 for as many toppings as you like and the pizza is really delicious. It puts all the other pizza place to shame. Shame on you Pizza hut and Pappa Johns for serving us crap and for charging extra for toppings!
This UYE was my first visit to Custom Built Pizza, and I was excited from the moment I walked into the restaurant.  The amazing aroma the moment you step in is almost satisfying enough...but THEN...then there's the pizza. 

You walk down the line (just as if you were ordering a sandwich from Subway) and choose your crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings.  I chose the honey wheat crust, crushed tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, peppers, caramelized onions, meatballs, and fresh basil.  YUM!  The pizza is put into the brick oven, and just a few minutes later, it is brought to your table.  Completely delicious, and the best pizza I have had in a long time!

There is one problem I haven't mentioned though...my new-found addiction to their S'mores pizza!  They put Nutella on pizza crust, top it with mini marshmallows, and bake it in that amazing brick oven until the marshmallows are toasted and the crust is cooked.  I am hooked!

I highly recommend CBP, and at $8.95 per pizza with unlimited toppings, you can take the family!
Big Mahalos too Melinda for setting up this awesome UYE! It gave me the perfect reason too checkout Custom Built Pizza had bookmarked for sometime. I got there little late so seeing my fellow yelpers digging into some good looking and smelling pies. It just got me more excited. Custom Built Pizza its pretty self explanatory you pick everything on your pizza from type of dough too your toppings. So really had no idea kind of pizza thinking just keep it simple for the first time. The type of dough choose from honey wheat (one I had), whole wheat, even have gluten free dough, and believe one more not remember it. The sauces tomato sauce, diablo sauce (one I picked), white sauce, and two others ones. The cheeses I went with the combination of mozzarella and asiago but also have four other cheeses on the menu. The toppings have LOT too choose from I went with my standard favorite pepperoni and sausage with some fresh basil. It takes times for pizza come out depending on busy the restaurant. It so worth the wait! Too see them put together your own mona lisa of pie, perfectly cook, nice crust all around, and piping HOT. Personnel pizza for one should be about in life! 

I happy with the way my combinations came together. The diablo sauce had nice little kick too it. The combination of cheese gave it nice texture and depth of flavor every bite. The pepperoni and sausage was good. The pizza makers are really helpful if any questions on some combinations. He asked me if wanted half and half cheese but felt like going mixed both together be better. I am sure with all the combinations there something for everyone! LIterally go everyday have different pie. Cool. 

The inside not very big but still have ample choices of booth or tables too choose from. They do have one television just in case watch whatever they have on. I like the colors scheme inside its very relaxing and makes for chilling atmosphere. Everyone staff is friendly and mention before helpful for first timer. 

Melinda great job! It nice meeting new yelpers talking stories and always good times talking stories with Misti and Bobby.
Custom pizzas! I love the whole concept of choosing my own sauce, cheeses, and toppings for my pizza. They also have options for their crusts, can you believe that? My favorite toppings are the carmerlized onions and roasted garlic with roasted chicken and applewood bacon. Yum-O! For around $9 you can make a pizza uniquely your own concoction. I'm glad I bought a Groupon for this place months ago, and since it was about to expire I had to drag my bf to come with me (he loves pizza as much as I do). The size of the pizza is decent. And with the options of different toppings, one order can be enough to fill your stomach. The African-American man working behind the counter is very sweet. I liked the way he put a lot of the stuff on top of my pizza. They also have (pizza) take out boxes for those who either order To-Go or couldn't finish their perfectly personalized pizza. I didn't see what fountain drinks they offer since I grabbed two Arizona Teas instead. Next time I'm going for classic soda + pizza pairing. Whoever thought of this idea is a genius. I'm not saying that it's not been done before. I'm just glad one opened within 5 miles of my neighborhood.
Tasty pizza, one size (11"), unlimited (good) toppings, wheat crust for +$1. Friendly staff. One pizza, one salad, and two drinks came to $24.
I always call this place Chiptole for pizza. lol I love that you get to choose everything.. literally everything!! the combonations are endless and definitely takes me forever to make one cause i can't decide. I have yet to have a bad experience here and I definitely visit often. It is down the street from my house, but even if I lived in Boulder City I would make the drive. DELICIOUS!!!
I'm not the biggest pizza fan in the world, but this place is just awesome.  Create a customized pizza for under $10.  How can you beat that?  I came in here cuz I had a Groupon, so I got 2 pizzas for myself to try.  YES I had leftovers. :)  After I left I was thinking what other combinations of toppings I could try on my next visit.  Hey CBP please open a location closer to my house?  Thanks!
Fast food pizza anyone? 

I picked up a couple pies last week at the suggestion of a friend.  The prices were reasonable at under $10 for a slightly larger than personal pan pie. The line staff were very friendly. The venue was small with only a few tables. I recommend this place for cheap eats for kids.  

I ordered two pies To-Go. When I got home (5 mins away) the pies were still warm, but they were clearly not properly cooked throughout the way a good pizza should be just out of the oven. The sauce tasted a bit raw like it had not been sauted for the proper time. I had originally planned to order the gluten-free crust, but it came out of the freezer, so I changed my mind and ordered the wheat crust.  When the (wheat) crust pie I ordered came out of the oven, the cheese was not bubbly or even slightly browned.  In fact, the entire center was just warm - the ingredients were clearly not cooked together. 

I put the whole thing back into the oven to finish cooking, which helped blend the flavors and cook the cheese, but now the crust was overcooked.   

Interesting concept, but needs some work.

PS - If you check in on YELP before you place your order, you are rewarded with $1 off coupon.  Wish I had known in advance.  (Signage?)
Super yummy pizza and very nice staff. I am very particular about crust and it is very tasty here. Love being able to choose from a ton of toppers, both common and unique. Very good place!
The best pizza in town! Great friendly service and pizza made to order. I highly recommend this to pizza lovers!
Super friendly staff, awesome casual dining room, 30+ pizza toppings and a 1/2 off wine offer on Wednesdays... what else can you ask for?

My girl and I visited this place to see what all the yelp excitement was about, and boy were we are glad we came. This place offers a personal-sized pizzas with as many toppings as your heart desires for around $9, and I must say it is a pretty cool experience to build your own pie! First, you start off by choosing the dough (regular or whole wheat) and then you are guided through all the yummy toppings you can choose for your personalized pizza... and you can choose from several different kinds of sauces, meats, veggies and even fruit! The staff makes you feel like an expert chef and will guide you through the build process and even offer suggestions if you are not well versed in the art of mixing flavors ;-)

You cannot leave this place without trying their Nutella and s'mores pizza. Decadent and irresistible, this unusual treat will be the perfect closing to an awesome meal. Enjoy!
This was my second visit in less than a week's time, and it's off the beaten path from my work and my home... goes to show you that I enjoyed the pizza that much!  The staff is attentive and accommodating and patient as you make the very tough decision about how to dress your pizza.  And the pizza... it's delicious and super-fast! I love the variety of  doughs, sauces, and toppings which are available and the fact that you can really be creative as you wish.  What a great experience.  I cannot wait until I can return!
Friendly and helpful staff (they need a tip jar) as well as a good amount of topping options.  Good value as you can create your own essentially medium sized pizza for $9-11 depending on crust.  My issue was the same as a few other reviewers that if you order the pizza to-go it just isn't cooked enough and the center of the pizza is soggy dough.  If you order to go ask them to leave it in the pizza oven for an extra minute or two and save yourself from having that experience.
Custom Built is a friendly and casual place for great tasting thin crust, wood fired pizza. I love the quick service and how you can build your own pizza with as many toppings as you like without an extra charge for each one like every other pizza place does. Also love that they have a loyalty/rewards program with Belly on your smartphone - so easy to use!
Good Pizza! I will be back.
I really love this place!  Being Italian, I was a bit skeptical, but when a friend recommended it we tried it. The crust is delicious.  What a great choice of toppings and sauces too.  The wheat crust is also delicious, however it tends to get a bit burnt in that hot oven.  The people there are great, too.  My only critique would be that one of their "young"employees doesn't wear gloves when putting the toppings on. I understand that it's hard to wear gloves when making the dough part, but most of the guys do wear gloves to put the toppings on, with one exception. I hope that if management sees this they'll be a bit more careful.  Thanks for a great little pizza at a great little price!
Bought a groupon, and was able to buy two pizza's, a pepperoni, and a Hawaiian.  I think all of their pizzas are under 10.00, which on a busy night came in handy.  The pizzas were a good size, crust was thin, and not as crispy as others I have had, but pretty good for two pizzas for under 20.00.
I love this place!
It's fast but good...the choices and prices are great and they serve wine!
I can in with my husband and best friend and 4 kids....everyone was super helpful and nice to all the kids!
My only suggestion....when someone orders the spicy sauce (diavolo) like I did...I wish they would have told me to mix it with the regular sauce.....my pizza was on fire and I like spicy so I really couldn't enjoy my custom pizza (my mouth was on fire)......but thank GOD I ordered the awesome margherita pizza as a back up.
Can't wait to go back!!!
Some friends and I went to Custom Built Pizza last Friday night after reading all of the promising reviews.  We were not disappointed!  Each of the pizzas starts at $8.95 with all of the toppings you can handle.  They charge $1 or $2 more for the honey wheat or gluten free doughs.  The ordering process can be daunting, but it is basically like ordering at Subway as you choose your options as you move down the line.  

I opted for traditional dough and after reading countless reviews on the diavola (spicy) sauce I had to try it.  I asked for it to be mixed with the crushed tomato sauce and the employees acknowledged that it was pretty darn hot on it's own.  After selecting my toppings, the pizza was thrown into the oven and out it came pretty quickly.  Now, my pizza turned out great, but I must say, you're building your own pizza so if you don't like the taste, it's probably your own fault.  Some of my friends went crazy with the toppings and ended up with something they didn't really like.  With that said, all of the pizzas were cooked to perfection so Custom built fulfilled on their end of the bargain.  

The only down side to this experience was watching the employees snack on pizza behind the counter and then go right back to making pizzas and serving the customers.  Everybody gets hungry but at least hide it a little better!  Overall, this restaurant has a very unique concept with good ingredients and decent pricing.  I would definitely come back to try it again.
We really enjoyed our pizza here! They had a great atmosphere, lots of choices!! I had the spicy sauce, jalapenos, two different cheeses, sausage, pepperoni and red bell peppers. So good. I don't think that you need to have a bunch of stuff  on it to make it great!!! They charge extra. for wheat or glutin free crust. Everyone there were very nice
So I love this idea of a subway for pizza. I love even more that it is a wood fire pizza. Check in and get a dollar off. I put waayyy to many toppings on mine so by the time I got back to my work to eat which is 5 mins away it was pretty soggy. It is large enough to share with a friend IMO. OR by yourself if you are hungry.
Easy 5 stars...here's why :

Great pizza with an amazing concept! All are "personal pizza" size, and you are in charge of your toppings! Think of it as Subway's version of a Pizza joint! 

But unlike Subway, all these toppings are fresh and quality made. Where else can you get sauces like Spicy Diavola, Creamy Alfredo and Pistachio Pesto? Quality cheeses like Gorgonzola and Asiago? Toppings like Applewood Bacon, Roasted Chicken and Chorizo? Roasted Garlic, Arugula and Basil, Pineapple and sun dried tomatoes?! 

Check out my two creations!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/custom-built-pizza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#j6c4Tx__dXwqeRd9hsCsmA

^Spicy Diavola sauce, Jack Cheese, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, Roasted Garlic, Fresh Basil. Very good pizza here!  I know how to do it right for my tastes LOL

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/custom-built-pizza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ncc0c4l9IJviwd32yInkXA

^Pistachio Pesto sauce, Asiago + Parmesan + Mozzarella cheese, Roasted Chicken, Chicken Sausage, Roasted Garlic, Sliced Tomato. Pesto sauce is great!  

You can do unlimited toppings for about $9! After you make your selections, it goes into a hot oven, and bakes for a few minutes. The aftermath is what you see in the pics...amazing pizza! I think we just found a new favorite pizza joint in town!

And they have specials every day here! Including half off wine and beer days! Our Thursday night included $2 Peroni and Birra Moretti's!  

Come on the right day, and you will feel like you are stealing this amazingness from them!

Only bad I can think of, is the fact that it is HOT in here...and it's not even summer yet.  We sat at the booths near the oven, so we know next time to sit in the furthest corner away LOL
This place is pretty sweet because for one price you can build any kind of pizza you want. This includes making 2 halves! 

Of course I was too hungry when I got here so I over indulged just a bit and made my pizza to heavy. It was really good but kind of soggy in the middle. Can't blame the pizza maker or the oven, this was definitely user error (see pictures) 

Next time I would go a little lighter on the toppings and try the gluten free dough.
Getting caught up on my Yelp reviews tonight. Not sure how this one has taken me so long to get to, since I've been a fan since the week after the opened. That's because this place is amazing. It's a personal pizza that is truly personalized. You go down a "Subway-style" row of toppings and literally create the pizza of your dreams. 

in case you're not dreaming big enough, I'll give you two tips to make the best Custom Built: First, get the spicy sauce ... if it's too spicy for you, get half spicy (they'll mix it with the regular sauce). Second, have Mo put an egg on top. It's not on the menu, but as long as they have some in the fridge they'll put it on top and your life will never be the same again. 

Also, don't say I didn't warn you that the s'more pizza is dangerously addictive.
Custom Built is a refreshing concept when it comes to the "create your own" foods.  Most places like Coldstone or burger joints, limit the number of toppings you can put on your food or charge extra for "premium" toppings.  Not at Custom Built, where you can put as many meats, or veggies and the price stays the same!

So why doesn't this place only get 3 stars?  Well while I find it to be a good place to take someone for the first time, the pizza in my mind isn't anything too special.  Don't get me wrong, it's good and they offer us Yelpers a discount for checking-in here, but the pizza isn't really that gourmet.

I still recommend people give it a try and thankfully it's reasonably light on the wallet!
4 stars- Great fresh ingredients and love the ability to get creative with my pizza! Wish they offered a larger size of pizza though, as they only have one size. A pizza of your customized dough, sauces, and unlimited toppings for $10. Not the absolute best pizza ever but still good. Great place for families
 .5 stars for the customer service.
Came to visit a friend out in Vegas, and we were looking for a good place for pizza.  We heard that custom  built was the place to go for personal pizzas.  It was pretty perfect for out situation.  Being of different taste.  Building our own pizza was a big plus.  When we got in the store, we were greeted by some very cheery employees.  They told us how everything worked and my friend and myself picked up two regular dough pizzas.  There were 7 types of sauces and so many topping choices.  It was a bit overwhelming at first but once we saw all the toppings this place is like pizza heaven.  They have something for everyone taste buds.  The pizzas only take three minutes to cook, by the time i paid for my bill, the pizza was nice and hot and brought to my table.  The melty cheese, and tasty sauce just made such a perfect combination.  I absolutely love the concept, and anytime i have a pizza craving in Vegas, this is the place to go.
All of the nice things that people have to say about this place are true!  Great food and really friendly staff, I've been here multiple times.

I can't believe that you can build your own pizza for under $10.  There is no extra price ingredient section, no limitations that I know of.  My boyfriend often gets four or five different kinds of meats.  I load up on artichoke hearts, and a blend of cheeses.  I don't know how they do it, but it's great.

They have beer and wine, plus a loyalty program here as well.
A new pizza spot that makes everyone happy!

Sorta like a Chipotle, but for pizza, you can pick your crust (3 different ones, including gluten free) and all kinds of fresh toppings; all for the same price.

I ordered the pizza margherita on normal crust.  The crust, sauce, cheese and olive oil all tasted fresh and full of flavor.

There is only one size for the pizza and I got a to-go box. (For sure put the pizza in the oven the next day, don't microwave it!)

Service was friendly and fast.  Great casual, low-key place.  They have a TV and ample seating.
I have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and I boosted all over facebook about it. I let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. I think things have changed since then. 

Allow me to elaborate, the second time I went to custom built I quickly left the restaurant and choose not to dine there because I was turned off by this one employee today I went back and have found that the employees name is Larry. The time I walked out was because Larry was on the phone in the back and came out front to greet us. When he came out he was holding his cell phone in his hand and asked to wait a second as he finished his call, we didn't see this as a problem so we patiently waited. When Larry returned he had his cell phone in his hand and was hanging it up he placed the phone on a back counter came to the front and asked what type of dough we would like to choose. He quickly grabbed a regular ball of dough and was about to start kneeding it when I stopped him and apologized to him and told him loud and clear that I could not dine at his establishment since I did not see him wash his hands and we walked out. Bummed out by the incident I still did not want to simply stray away because of one employee so I told my wife we would give it some time and try again.

Well we did and we re-tried today. Like I said previously today the same employee that I walked out on was there and he was at the door. I take it that he did not remember the incident as he did not even recognize me. I thought that was great so that I could try and get a new experience and try and forget about the previous incident. I have to say the evening staff that first introduced my wife and I to custom built was exceptional they were up beat and seemed excited to just make a pizza. Today it felt like it was Monday and things were just crawling. If it was not for that one awesome employee that was genuinely happy to be at work I would have walked out once again that employee's name is MOE and the first thing that he did when he saw us and asked us the dough we wanted was go to the sink and wash his hands!! I quickly pointed it out to my wife and said look at that exceptional employee that is washing his hand prior to preparing our food. Moe quickly keeded out the dough and placed it on the order line to get prepared. Excited by a happy employee this made me happy and I quickly remembered the first time I went to custom built. I said to the gentlemen that was preparing my pizza the first time I came here the young man that assisted me suggested to try and get creative instead of having the same mundane pizza. He suggested trying multiple sauces and I remember him saying you can split this pizza into 16th's to try and give us a challenge we love challenges. When I mentioned this to the guy that was helping me today he seemed a little put off by the whole thing and even said I don't know why he would suggest trying so many different things. I ordered the pizza in 3rds so that I could try the different sauces 1 pesto 1 alfredo and 1 spicy. The guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauces in thirds so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process. I layered and layered my pizza with topping after topping after topping. I always have fun in that part I feel like I'm a kid again when I get to pick and choose. 

My wife placed he order and I went to pay. When I was paying Larry was at the cash register and I told him that I forgot my belly card but had received the message that all custom built pizzas were 6.95 for the month of April. He said ok and then I showed him my yelp 10% off for checking in for the first time he again shook his head to which I thought was a clear sign for him acknowledging it. I paid the tab and was just handed my change. I thought that was a bit odd so I asked if I could have my receipt. Larry printed a receipt and gave it to me, I say a receipt because I was unsure if it was actually mine I paid with a $100.00 bill and did not nee that on the receipt and I also did not see a discount. I didn't want to be rude and be like YO! WHERE MY DISCOUNT SON!! so I just kept quite and said to myself the food will clearly change my mind and it will be worth every penny.

Well I got my pizza and it was totally not what I expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and I could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. Also today I watched as Larry was at the cash register and then went to make a pizza for a guest with out washing his hands AGAIN!!!! SOME ONE NEEDS TO GO OVER SAFE FOOD HANDLING WITH LARRY BEFORE HE GETS SOMEONE SICK!! 

I don't know if I can try custom built again and I was a fan :(!
Unlimited toppings on custom made pizzas, lots of topping choices and choices of original, honey wheat or gluten free dough! Pizzas are cooked in a wood-fired grill. They also have custom made salad.
I have wanted to go here since the UYE but never had a reason.  Well the good will of the owners in participating in school fundraisers got me out!  Lucky me, Tuesdays, kids under 10 get a free cheese pizza.  Mo treated us well and we ended up with two pizzas and a smores desert pizza.  The crust is great, the toppings and choices to make your own pizza and no additional charge really makes a wonderful experience.  Just the smell of the wood fire oven could have kept me there all night.  The price is more than reasonable and the pizza filling.    We will definitely be back as the food is great and the staff incredibly friendly.
Since we moved to Vegas, we've been craving Naples-style pizza. That is, cooked in a wood oven at very high heat. We love that type of crust! Friday we got out of work early, so we decided to head nearby to Custom-Built for lunch, after reading that they have a wood oven. 
Our pizza preppers were so friendly! And they fixed each of our pizzas exactly as we ordered...blending the tomato and "diavolo" sauces on mine, so it wouldn't be too spicy; and putting the pineapple bits on top of all the other toppings for my husband, so his crust wouldn't get soggy. I love that the pizzas are "individual size", so we don't have to argue over what toppings to get. Actually, we took some home, so they are a bit larger than individual pizzas would be at most places.
The pizzas were done so quickly (one of the advantages of wood ovens) that we were surprised that there wasn't a lunch crowd in there. Instead, there was a huge line of cars getting drive-thru at the smoothy place next door. I want to let working people know that you can get a yummy pizza REALLY quick at lunchtime, at Custom Built! And if you don't have to work after eating, they have a nice selection of beer and wine.
Oh, and after having pizza with CILANTRO on it, I never want pizza without it again!
best pizza ever.
Updated review since my last review was almost one year ago.

I have to give myself a little credit.  I usually hit the LVAC gym at Flamingo/215 at least 3 times/week.  IF i had no control, I would probably hit CBP at least once / week.  After all, burn a few calories, replenish them with pizza - makes sense to me !   But no, I've probably hit the place, at most, once a month.  Honestly, the main reason for the "infrequency"  is there are tooooo many other places to try in the Valley.

I really dig the fact that you can pile on the toppings.  I really dig the fact that it only takes a few minutes for the pizza to be prepared/cooked/boxed.  I really dig the low prices ( under $8 given LVAC discount and sometimes lower given specials.)

I don't like that the crust does not hold up to the toppings ( then again, when you put a pound of meat on an 8" inch pizza, you'll need to  add cement to the crust .)  I don't like that i rarely wait until i get home to eat the pizza.

Overall, I continue to be a fan.

Pic attached.
I wish I would have known about this place sooner. After living in the San Francisco Bay Area for 26 years and loving several pizza places there it has been difficult to find an awesome pizza now that I live in Las Vegas that could compare to some in the Bay Area. Grimaldi's is really good but I believe this place has them beat. All the pizzas are one size (personal) so each and every person in your party can order exactly what they want and the price is right. 

My wife and I went yesterday and I was real impressed with the friendliness of the staff, and how quickly our pizza was prepared. Finally, I have found a pizza place I can love going to. The ingredients are fresh and amazing tasting and that includes the crust which was perfect. I don't think you will find ingredients at other pizza joints that will compare, especially when you consider the price. From this point forward I will be eating my pizza here at Custom Built Pizza.
Took my girlfriend numerous times. I really enjoy the place. I highly recommend it. Great pizza.
Like chipotle with pizza, it was quick good service and overall pizza was pretty solid. will definitely return!
Half-year follow-up to my previous review. Still fantastic pizza, still pretty nice service, although I'd like to see a bit more enthusiasm from the staff. They're still informative and cheerful, though, so it's not like there's a real issue with the service. And again, the pizza is still great as usual; you can't get a crust like this anywhere else besides Settebello, with that thin, but substantial, flaky, but toasted profile. 

And of course, the full power of pizza customization is still genius, and continues to impress the people I introduce to Custom-Built. They seem to be keeping the ingredients very fresh and quality, which is a huge part of the custom-style set-up. Remember that you can even mix cheeses and sauces; for example, I enjoy getting mozzarella with a sprinkle of parmesan, and others like mixing the mild tomato sauce with a bit of the spicy red sauce for a nice kick. You can even put toppings on just one side of a pizza, if you're sharing. And the size is substantial enough for sharing, too - while this is definitely not a family-size pizza, it's a bit larger than a personal pizza, and even anti-crust types might be convinced into eating the crust of this pizza, as good as it is, so this is a pizza that really fully satisfies.

I think the only downside, if I had to point one out, is that this kind of pizza does not leftover very well. It must be eaten hot, at the very least warm - once it hits room temperature the profile of the crust easily turns hard, and as non-greasy as the pizza is built, there's nothing for the ingredients to settle lazily in as the hours go by. I really have little issue with this though - this is good pizza, measured-out well, with me at the reins of the ingredients, so of course I never have issues eating exactly what I wanted. 

Again, still fantastic!
LOVE THIS PLACE!

Basically, this is chipotle/subway of pizza. Great and fair prices. Quality ingredients. Daily specials. Friendly staff. Beer.

Great concept. This place really does things right! The white pizza was great, as well as the classic margherita pizza.

The downside I think for this place is the..... NAME. It's hard to associate "custom built" with pizza, especially if you are driving down the street and can't see the "pizza" part written very small. To me, this seems like a great name for a cabinet maker or something.

We love this place and hope it survives the rough Las Vegas restaurant market but it doesn't ever seem that busy and I think the name is what's hurting it.  

What helps this place? Word of mouth and Yelp reviews!
This was my first visit and had great experience - great GLUTEN-FREE pizza, great selection of toppings.  Helpful staff.  Will definetely go back
Great pizza! Will definitely be back.
This place is pretty good! Perfect for going with a group and getting your own personalized pizza. Usually I have to fight my friends in deciding which toppings but I get my own pizza with as many toppings as I want. Just the way I want to have a heart attack.

I will definitely be back. Also heard about Pieology back in LA so will have to try that and compare.
Wow!  I am so glad I found this place on Yelp!  Yes, like other reviewers have said, what makes this pizza place so unique is that you get to build your own pizza with whatever unlimited toppings you want.  But the more amazing thing about this place is the taste of the pizza.  Absolutely AMAZING...one of the best pizzas I've ever had!

In order to try more different flavors, I did each half of my pizza differently.  There is so much to choose from, it is almost overwhelming!

I am definitely a fan and will absolutely be back for sure.  Great quality and you cannot beat the price for such amazing pizza!

A great experience all the way around!!!!
Love this pizza and the ingredients are fresh!  For my first visit, I just stuck with a very basic pizza for my evaluation.  Half Hawaiian and half Sausage/Pepperoni/peppers & mushrooms.  I can't wait to go back and try their "Spicy" tomato sauce.  Remember, "less is more", be careful not to go overboard with a "everything" pizza.  Also loved the pop music they were playing: Coldplay,etc.
This place is fantastic! So many options. Start with gluten free crust, honey wheat, or regular crust. Sauces choices are great, pistachio pesto, tomato varieties and Alfredo. Plenty of healthy fresh topping choices, and toppings are all included... As many as you want, no extra charge! Wednesdays are wind down Wednesdays, 1/2 off wine, I had a glass of Chardonnay for 1.50! Thursdays is half off beer. The staff was so friendly and helpful and it is very well priced!
OMG, who knew I still had this in draft buried with the other hundred other reviews that I started but never quit finished.

So after last night's post-For Goodness Shake visit, and the helpful Yelp reminder I will get this submission submitted.

Custom Built Pizza (CBP) is great.  They have fresh and quality ingredients that you can select from to engineer your very own pizza or pick from their menu of pizza combos.  If you get one with everything (all the sauces, cheeses, toppings on one pie = Suicide Pizza) it still costs the same as another pizza that you customize with just all the veggie toppings.  Awesome concept!  But don't go crazy, as the pizza might get more soggy when overloaded with too much sauces and toppings, plus some ingredients (bell peppers) will not cook properly or gets overcooked (the herbs).

My first personal sized CBP was a Suicide Pizza, the very first one ordered per the owner.  It was definitely a very hearty pizza.  But one with less stuff on it is actually better.

All meats + sweet onions, red onions, green onions and mushroom pizza with BBQ sauce was really good.  Of all the crazy combos pizza I have ever architect (doesn't it just sound more sophisticated instead of customize???), this was my favorite.

Regardless of how conservative or institutionally insane your pizza creation is, it still just requires a quick minute or two to be baked in their nice hot oven and delivered to your table for immediate consumption.   

CBP also offers dessert pizzas.  If you still have room to spare that is, which in my case has always been "no".

Quality ingredients, fast friendly service, even faster baking time, and 16,464+ combinations of pizzas = a lot of visits with a lot of friends, just so you can earn the coveted right to say you have tried every type of pizza offered at Custom Built Pizza.  Gotta eat 'em all!
Great concept and great results! The Chipotle of pizzas, except better - because only two things cost extra here: a change in crust (to wheat or gluten free) and dairy-free cheese. That's it. Otherwise, for essentially $10, you can get a pizza with any and all toppings they have. All included in the price. It's brilliant.

The ingredients are quality and the staff is extremely friendly. Instantly a winner. You get to watch your pizza get created from scratch and baked in a brick oven. It comes out nice and toasty for you to consume immediately. The crust comes out pretty well done, and despite putting on a million ingredients, it actually doesn't look overloaded when all is said and done. I would know - I ordered one with literally everything.

Honestly, there is much better pizza out there on the spectrum, but this is a quality pizza for a good price, at a (for me anyway) convenient location. Definitely worth stopping in for this, and the amazing selection and versatility that comes with it.
I *LOVE* this place!  The staff is always very friendly and the pizza is awesome.  I love that you can mix the sauces or do half n half on pizzas.  The toppings are fresh and tasty and the price is great.  Can't beat under $10 for a fresh pizza with whatever toppings you want on it.  I just wish there was one closer to work/home.....then again, I'd probably be 400 lbs cause I'd eat there all the time!
A good place for quick pizza that is far different from all the big name pizza places. The pies are a nice size and the combinations of toppings you could add to your pizza are endless.  Each visit could be a new adventure in toppings and flavors.The oven gave a nice crispiness to the crust. The restaurant itself was pretty boring as far as decor, but making good pizzas rather than having a fancy dining room is more the goal there at CBP.
4.5 stars!

It was a pizza kind of night and I was like I wanted to try Custom Built Pizza for some dinner....so we did and it was great!

Of course we had to get it to go as its easier that way so I wrote down what I wanted and off my husband went to pick it up.  It was a Saturday night and there was no line! They just took my post it note and made up my pizza (half Alfredo, half pesto with roasted chicken, Italian sausage, fresh mozzarella and artichokes!) 

My pizza was delicious although next time I might try to do Alfredo and pesto together and I want spinach on my pizza! I think it's a super cool concept and the fact that they don't charge you per topping rocks too! I do wish their crust was a lil thicker since I felt like my pizza toppings slid right off but it was still tasty.  My husband told me the pizza cooks really quickly which is good to know when they have a food rush. Definitely a huge bonus that they give LVAC members a discount! 

Will I be back?! Heck yes!
Custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for? Oh, and it tastes really really really good!
I can not say enough good things about this place. First off Maurice and Mo were super friendly,smiling,and explained all about the pizza making process. We tried 3 different pizzas since their lunch special has the pies priced at 6.95. 

We went with the buffalo chicken pizza which at first bite was an explosion of flavors. Perfect toppings!  Next was the Greek chicken sausage pie and loved the roasted garlic and spicy tomato sauce on it. Yummy!  The last was the one where we chose our toppings and it was fun creating and eating it. 

The pizza making possibilities are endless and we can't wait to come back

Finally some good pizza in Vegas!!!!!!!
Custom Built Pizza = Very Happy Belly!

We accidentally stumbled onto CBP when we were going to a different place in the area.  My hubby was set on the other place but when we saw the big lunch special sign out front, we had to investigate.  I mean ANY PIZZA for $6.95 would get anyone's attention I think (this special is Monday-Friday 11am-3pm.)  When I went in to grab a menu to check out, I was sold on pizza for lunch just from the smell of the place!  There was no eating a boring sandwich after smelling the delicious pizzas baking in the oven.

I really liked the whole idea of this place as well.  It was like going to Subway where you walk down the line and point to the items you want on your pizza.  The choices are quite numerous and plentiful.  The toppings all looked super fresh and colorful.  There were several options for crusts, sauces, cheeses, veggies, and proteins.  There must be at least 1000 combos you can make, if not more.  They also have already designed pizzas, if the toppings are too overwhelming for you.  Since we were there for the lunch special time, we could actually get unlimited toppings, if we had chosen to do so.  Instead we went with a classic pepperoni pizza and a white pizza with extra mushrooms because everything is better with mushrooms!  Both were super tasty and had so much flavor.  The thin crust was crisp with a great crunch.  The cheese was ooey gooey and browned just perfectly.  The pepperoni was spicy and delish!

The best thing was our pizzas were prepared, cooked, and boxed up in 5 minutes flat.    That is some awesome pizza service right there.  We very much enjoyed the pizzas and had nothing left over afterwards because we are pizza piggies.  

I would give this place a solid 4 stars but the staff here totally pushes them to a 5 star rating.  Maurice was working the counter when I arrived.  He could tell I was new and slightly confused, especially since I was at the wrong end of the counter trying to order, so he took me under his wing and showed me the light.  He walked me through everything and was describing each step with the greatest of detail.  He spoke about the pizza as if it was his first born child!  His descriptions made you want the pizza right that second.   He totally made the experience amazing.  Both of our pizzas were works of art created by the one and only Maurice the Pizzaman!  Maurice alone makes CBP a 5 star joint!  Go Maurice!!!
My vegan friend turned us on to CBP. My husband is gluten free and we have a hard time finding food to eat that tastes good AND wont kill the wallet. Well, we found our place. We walked in and asked for a gluten free pizza. Everyone went out of their way to make sure the pizza crust was not near any flour, a new sauce was brought out as to not cross contaminate and over all awareness was displayed. My husbands food was treated like it was being prepared for a king. 

The pizza its self was amazing!! So good it was hard to tell it was gluten free. I cant wait to go again!!
This was my first visit for lunch.  They were located on S Grand Canyon Dr/Peace Way in Las Vegas.  They were a little difficult to find in the large shopping center.

For $9.95 you can have an 11" pizza with unlimited toppings baked in a wood fired oven which is plenty for 2 people.  They also have a lunch special from Monday-Friday 11am-3pm for a one topping pizza and a fountain drink for $8.95.  They had 5 sauces, 5 cheeses, 7 meats, 8 veggies, and 9 toppers.  They also offer a  10% Military discount.

I ordered and payed at the counter and the pizza was brought out to me within 10 minutes.  The crust was soft and chewy, but the pizza lacked flavor.  The slices of meat were thick.  I could only eat 3 slices and had to box up the rest.

I don't know if I'll be back.
Great pizza and very friendly staff. We went there for the first time and they took the time to walk us through the pizza making process and to give suggestions. Definitely try the meatballs.
Thoroughly impressed with Custom Built Pizza...I originally thought all pizzas were custom built until I experienced CBP. You stand at the order station and pick your dough (I chose Whole Wheat), your sauce (crushed tomato) and all the toppings you want for one fixed price. It was like going to subway sandwich to make an order but for yummy, hot and crispy pizza. It was fun, delicious and the service was fantastic! This will be my new go-to pizza place since they serve whole wheat.
Report Abuse
Posted pics but didn't follow up with a review.....OOOOPS!

Anywho, when I check out most pizza places for the first time, I almost use their White Pizza as a test. Some people love the concept here, and they pile everything but the kitchen sink onto their personal creation.

For me, I like my pies simple and straightforward. Less is more IMO when i comes to pizza. No more than three toppings, any more than that, your tastebuds will be confused!

So I get my white pizza and I gotta say I wasn't a fan of the alfredo sauce on my pizza.
Linguini Alfredo? Yes. White pizza with alfredo?...meh...Least I can say I've been here, done that, but with places like Rocco's, Novecento, and Settebello, I'd rather pay for their white pies which I feel are more enjoyable. ALOHA!!!
We came here on a Thursday..half off beer! I'm not a fan of Italian beer but since it was cheap, why not?

The people here are friendly and chill. They didn't intimidate noobs like me and I didn't feel rushed trying to figure out what I want on my pizza. They have a lot of options for toppings, crust and sauces. When I was finally done watching the guys making pizza, I was ready. We got a white pizza with bacon and a create-your-own pizza with pesto sauce. In a few minutes, our pizzas were ready!

Pesto Sauce Pizza:
The crust was crisp, light and not bland. Pesto sauce was great and just how I want pesto to be. For my toppings, I chose Italian sausage, pepperoni, mozzarella and mushrooms. 4/5

White Pizza:
Chicken, Alfredo sauce, ricotta, mozzarella, onion, garlic, oregano and fresh basil. We added bacon to this. This was just yummy. Creamy ricotta, freshness from the basil, tender chicken pieces and not-so-overpowering flavors from the onion and garlic. 4/5

Each pizza was less than $10 and could feed 1.5 people or 1 Cathy. Where you find your half a person is your own dilemma. We saved room for dessert.  I saw jars of Nutella so I had to have it. 

S'mores Pizza:
Dessert pizza with a thin crust, Nutella and marshmallows. I've had dessert pizza with Nutella from another pizza place but they skimped out on Nutella. Custom Built slathers a good layer of Nutella, tops it with lots of marshmallows then puts the crust back in the oven. When it comes out, you get hot toasted, melted ooey-gooey goodness from the marshmallows and that delightful taste of chocolate and hazelnut. 5/5
Quality pizza with fresh toppings & great service ! I love coming here , I typically get the Margarita pizza & add roasted garlic ,but it's always great no matter what type of pizza you order....
I love the idea of a build your own pizza!! I added garlic, chicken, and pesto along with other toppings. I'm just confused why it had no flavor and was so bland. I was excited about this place when I heard of the concept but the taste is lacking big time. On a positive note the employees are very friendly, patient, and nice. I couldn't decide what to get and they did not rush me at all.
A log like a subway concept only good! Watch your pizza being made, you pick the toppings and the flash bake in a wood fired stone oven. Generous and Friendly. I had a group of 15 and we never felt under served or rushed.

Could use some decorations.
This is a pretty cool little spot! If you haven't been here before, the staff will explain that it is basically a Subway but with pizza. They have a couple different doughs to choose from, including gluten free. The topping selection is pretty extensive and if you're not up for creating your own, they have a few pre-customized pizza options too.

The pizzas are a small 8" size but can probably be shared depending on the amount of toppings you pick. My wife had a buffalo chicken and my son built a pepperoni, chicken and olive pizza. I also built my own with spicy diavola sauce, sausage, meatballs, onions and sun dried tomatoes topped with mozzarella strips. The flavors are awesome and they cook the pizzas almost perfectly. 

My only complaint was they were a tad stingy with the meats. I guess that's somewhat expected for the price. By the way, the price is great, most pizzas are just under $10 for unlimited toppings. They also run some good specials throughout the week. CBP is a solid pizza joint with good food, decent prices and the staff is friendly. We'll definitely come back!
I love me some pizza, and Las Vegas has no shortage of pizza joints.  Everywhere you go here, you're not far away from some Italian pie.  Pizza Hut on the left...pizza!  Little Caesar's on the right...pizza, pizza!  Grimaldi's down the street...pizza, pizza, pizza!  CPK across the street along with Sammy's next to it...pizzzzaaaaa.  Yes, we in America are infatuated with anything on baked dough.  Other countries only dream about having so much bread around!  

When Custom Built Pizza came to be, I thought of it as a great concept.  It's like Subway, for pizza!  Build it how I want it!  My way!  Execution, ah, good but not great for me.

For us, Custom Built Pizza is a bit out of our way since we live darn near across town from where this place is in the SW.  We made the trek because I purchased a few Groupons back then for what basically was a buy one get one free deal.  Value for sure.  

Place is nice enough, room for small families, and can handle a nice lunch rush crowd.  We ended up going for dinner.  Each pizza averages about $9 each for an 8-inch personal pizza.  And each pizza can be loaded with any of the toppings that are available on the fixings line.  Wish I knew about their lunch special for $7, might have got more bang-for-the-buck on our Groupons.  Oh well.

Custom Built Pizza starts just like a Subway or Chipotle type factory line restaurant.  So don't go in and just sit down waiting for a menu!  It's not like a regular pizza joint.  You choose your dough - usually regular, whole wheat, or gluten-free.  You choose your sauce - marinara, alfredo, pesto, BBQ, or their spicy diavolo.  They you choose your toppings - there's lots available; pepperoni, chicken, sausage, ham, lots of veggie, and different cheeses.  Last I remember the toppings were very fresh, veggies looked fresh sliced and cut.  After that, it's off to the oven for a quick cook!  Seriously, your pizza will be done usually in under 10 minutes since they are of the thin crust style.  Which I happen to like very much.

Our family of four was on the table eating in less than 20 minutes.  The kids liked their pizzas, but who knows what they really tasted like because they threw almost half the list of ingredients on their pies!  Kids.  I thinks the entire process of building something of their own creation appealed to the Frankenstein in them.

I on the other hand wasn't totally convinced.  My pizza was pretty good, and the toppings were excellent.  What I wasn't fond of was the crust.  As we all know, a great pizza is built on a foundation of crust.  Bad crust = Bad pizza.  I won't go so far as saying the crust was bad, it just wasn't what I was expecting.  It was a bit bland.  I'm thinking a bit of salt would have helped?  The crust on my pizza just didn't have much taste.  And I wished it was a bit more done too, I like seeing the little black parts on the bottom of my crust.  Totally adds to the taste and texture.  Good pizza, but for what you pay it should be a tad more refined I think.  Nothing that can't be adjusted.

Another reason why I'm in the 3-star zone on Custom Built Pizza?  No Coca-Cola!  Pepsi!  Really, Coca-Cola just sounds better saying it in Italian!  But I understand with the soda wars now, getting a restaurant to choose a side comes down to what is a better deal.  

Friendly folks working, and couldn't be more accommodating.  I even asked for arugula to be placed on my pizza AFTER baking and was met with no resistance.  I'm sure this place is very popular for the lunch crowd, and for the gym-goers at the LVAC right across the way for a post-workout meal.  

I would go back if I was in the area, but not entirely sure if I would drive to Custom Built Pizza on a craving whim.  There's just so many other pizza joints near me!
This place is great. I love the quick service and fresh ingredients you can choose from. Crust is delicious and I noticed they have gluten free ones too! May try that next time.
This place is awesome!! Build your own pizza with tons of topping options to choose from. Then cooked in a wood fired stone oven. The pizza is the same price if you get one topping or ten, which I dig. The toppings ranged from normal to unique and the pizza was excellent! 

The decor is casual so its a good place to bring kids but I believe they serve wine and beer as well. The staff was really friendly and gave both of my kids an extra root beer in the bottle. We will be back for sure.
A Subway concept...but for pizza!

I wish I could be more creative with my pizzas...but I'm not.  I'm a pepperoni and cheese kind of girl.  So when I tried Custom Built Pizza, I needed  little help...which the gentleman behind the counter kindly offered.

I got a regular crust pizza with half spicy diavolo sauce and half garlic tomato sauce.  The spicy diavolo was pretty spicy...not cry your eyes out spicy, but like a 7 at a Thai or Indian restaurant spicy.  It was good!

Pepperoni and mozarella were fresh.  I added pineapples for fun and that was good too.

Next time I will try their pre-set pizzas instead of trying to make my own.  They look really good too.

I will definitely return!
I had a very enjoyable experience here! The pizza is delicious yet very affordable, and you can be in and out within thirty minutes so it makes for a great quick meal. Service was great and the workers very friendly and excited to have us. I will definitely be returning!
Found this place via my Yelpers.  Hubby decided he wanted pizza.  We have totally different taste when it comes to pizza, so for us this was the perfect place to check out.  Although I was a little leary because of the last pizzeria place we tried!  I just wanted to know I was going to get some good pizza!  My husband said, com'on, live a little!  So as soon as we walked in, we were greeted.  I didn't get the guys name, but I know he's from Carolina.   He asked us if we had been here before.  We hadn't, so he explained how it all worked.  There are several different sauces!  I went for the spicy.  You can calm it down if you like, by having him mix it!  I didn't need that!  Then you get to choose your cheese! or several cheeses!  I did Mozzarella and another one.  Then they have the toppings!  I did a lot of toppings, they even have sun dried tomatoes and sauteed onions and a I think it was a fried eggplant!  I passed on the eggplant!  My 11 inch pizza was so heavy I had to use a fork, because all my toppings kept falling off.  I love this place and I love the concept! And it's only $10.00, 2 people can eat this pizza, and add a salad for $2.00 (I think)  Is a fabulous deal!  I don't mind driving 30 miles to get a good pizza!   We will be back!  Ohhhh, I forgot to tell you!  The guy for Carolina, washed his hands at least 3 times while he prepared just my pizza!  I thought that was awesome!
Still love it here!

Went for a late B-day lunch. The lunch special (M-F $8.45 pizza and drink) is a steal in my opinion, especially since my pizza can easily cover lunch and dinner for me.

I still really love the crust, and have not found a pizza place out here that I like any better. My usual is regular crust, regular tomato sauce mixed with the spicy sauce half and half, shredded mozzarella, mushrooms, olives, and pineapple. Super yummy. 

Just a tip though, if you try to eat it super hot out of the oven, all your toppings will fall right off the crust, give it a few minutes to cool down and they stick, lol, or like my husband does, refuse to wait and scoop all your toppings up after they slide off!
Awesome pizza and great friendly workers.
Service was fast and friendly, restaurant was clean and toppings were fresh.

I tried the gluten free pizza crust with daiya cheese, house made meatballs, sausage, onions, and peppers. I was happy to have a gluten and dairy free option, it's great to see pizza joints offering this.

My pizza was a bit bland, even with all the toppings.

The gluten free crust is not bad, but it's no great either. I make better at home. It is thin, but they don't get it very crispy and it tastes like it needs some salt and a brushing of olive oil to give it some flavor. If they could season and pre-bake the crust to crisp it up it would be much better.

The meatballs and sausage were very greasy. After baking, oil from them was running all over my pizza.

Daiya cheese is awesome, but I wish they would put a bit more on there. Some parts of my pizza did not have any cheese at all.

They charge extra for both the GF crust and daiya cheese. All the other toppings are included in the standard pizza price. I'm not sure what the rationale is behind this. You can load up a standard pizza with all kinds of meats and veggies, but if you want daiya cheese and just one or two toppings, it will cost you extra.

The concept here is interesting, but I think it falls a bit short of the mark.
My first thought was that the pizzas were a little small for the price, but these are some yummy pizzas.

We got a ham and pineapple on white crust, bbq chicken on honey wheat, white pizza, and a smores pizza.

The bbq is delicious and my husband took a bite of the smores pizza and said it was worth every penny.  The kids ate a little bit of each pizza and seemed to enjoy it a lot.  

I would definitely come back here and spend $9.45 on a smaller pizza rather than $10 on a large Pizza Hut pizza next time we want pizza for dinner.
My coworker has been wanting to try this place, so when I found myself in the neighborhood and craving pizza, I decided to give it a shot. Basically, it's like the Chipotle of Pizza. I really liked that you could pretty much put whatever you want on your pizza. I was greeted on arrival, but found the service a tiny bit slow, as there was only one (later 2) people making pizzas. My total came to just over $10 for a single pizza. I feel this is a good value. The ingredients were fresh, and the pizza was very good except for the fact the crust was soggy on the bottom. I'm sure this is fixable though. Overall, pretty good. I'm sure I'll be back.
Really enjoyed this place. I typically am not a fan of thin crust but this was delicious. And I put just about EVERYTHING on my pizza. No extra charge!!! :-D 

I was hesitant to ask for extra items because I didn't want a hidden fee. But there was none :-). Definitely worth an encore visit :-)
Custom Built is one of my favorite go-to places to eat!

Quick, reasonably priced, custom pizzas that are tasty! Choose your own dough, sauce, cheese, and toppings. You just can't go wrong here! I frequent CB enough to know that both their service and food are always consistent.

They've got comfy booths, and pizza-colored surroundings! Lol... Just try this place out for yourself!
Food was delicious! We got the white pizza and smores pizza.  Both were delicious.   I called to ask if they could accommodate two soccer teams that day and they obliged and saved all seating for us and added more tables and chairs.
I have been wanting to try this place since I heard about it on the radio...we had the lunch special, create your own pizza for $6.95...the staff was awesome and were excited to tell us the easiest way to order.  Our first pizza came out before were done with the third pizza...absolutely amazing!  We loved it!!! We mixed the pesto and white sauce...mmmmmm.  We will be back!
Doesn't get much better than this. This is real Vera Pizza Napoletana. The ingredients are top shelf, and the wood fired oven is the real deal. It cooks the pizza perfectly at 900 degrees, as is required for VPN style pizza. The prices are excellent, and the casual pizza parlor type atmosphere is nice. You would normally pay nearly twice as much to get this kind of pizza in Las Vegas from the other VPN style pizza places. If you want great VPN pizza without breaking the bank, this is the only place you need to visit in LV. 

One must understand that this pizza is the opposite of commercial pizza. This pizza is exactly how it is made in Naples, Italy. It is a very simple and delicate flavor starting with the dough that takes 24 hours to rise naturally, without chemicals. The dough is very light and has a subtle natural flavor. They use Caputo flour from Italy. The tomato sauce is simply crushed tomatoes with a little bit of seasoning. The mozzarella is fresh and delicious. They have dozens of toppings, but I would recommend the plain margherita so you can savor the flavors of simple ingredients. Loading it up with toppings completely masks the essential ingredients; dough, tomato, cheese.  Pizza was never meant to be a casserole, so try to enjoy the pizza for what it was meant to be.

Lastly, you need to eat it hot out of the oven for the maximum enjoyment. I would not recommend this type of pizza for take out. It's very thin and cools very quickly. 

This place has truly duplicated genuine Italian wood fired pizza at its best.  Enjoy.
I am not crazy about pizza, but I really did love this place!!! Its a family owned spot from what I can tell which makes me like it a little bit more.
I love that you can make your own pizza just how you like it and there are no hidden charges for each additional item you pick like most places. Their prices are set and the menu is simple, you get your dough and ask for what you want and how much of it you want. I loved it I would definitely go back!! 
I got a great pizza just how I wanted it and for only $10, and they even have wine by the glass or even the bottle what more can you as for?? 
 The staff was friendly, its definitely a casual place great for kids and families that was a minor downer for me too many kids around but I can see why... other than that I would for sure go there when the crave kicks in for pizza!
Went here for lunch because the place came highly recommended. Well the place is nice, decorations are not over the top and the booths were comfy. Ordered a breakfast pizza. The girl behind the counter (she must have been new) asked how to make the pizza. No problem I'm all about team work, well her co worker tell her the menus right there. Ya jerk much? I wanted a good pizza but the poor girl is just looking around like help me. So finally I'm guessing the manger came to help her out. Got a Cesar salad along with my pizza. Well the pizza is ok, the crust is just lacking some flavor, and the ricotta cheese was just bland. Also the salads must be pre made early in the day because the croutons were SOGGY!!! One thing I hate, soft soggy croutons on a salad. Not fresh in my book. Customer service is a mere meh at best.  Pizza and salad well they did not wow me. Sorry I'd rather go to Sammy's and have better food and service.
Really great pizza. I loved the gluten free crust option AND dairy free cheese. You have no idea how hard it is to find this until you can't have the regular stuff anymore.
My 2 year old had "cheese" pizza for the first time ever today. She was so happy, she ate half an 11" pizza herself. 
GF crust is an extra $2 & DF cheese is an extra $2.50, so in the end you're spending more than you would to make it yourself (by a lot), but the convenience factor is worth it.
Staff is friendly, dining area is clean. I like that our pizza was made away from the regular flour as well.
For 2 pizzas and 2 drinks we spend around $30. So basically no more or less than going out to eat anywhere else.
We will be back!
The next best thing to come to fast casual.  Build your own pizza before your very eyes and it's ready in less than 10 minutes.  Go hungry and eat at the restaurant.  It's made fresh and meant to be eaten as such, not the same the second time around.
Bumping this up to 5 stars.  My second time here is almost 2 years after Custom Built opened, woops!  That shows you how often I go to the west side.  My friend Nicole B.'s birthday is Tuesday and she gets married next weekend, so I decided to chill with her while her husband-to-be had his bachelor party which included Eric R.'s presence.  NIcole B. wanted pizza - she was interested in trying something new.  I suggested Custom Built - she got the groupon and we walked around the North Premium Outlets for 3 hours in preparation for dinner!

When we arrived, there was no wait which was great because we were starving.  I ordered the regular crust, spicy diavola sauce and a few dabs of pistachio pesto, ricotta, buffalo and shredded mozzarella...and then here comes the veggies!  Fresh tomatoes, artichokes, jalapenos, caramelized onions, eggplant...then I added chicken.  They added a fried egg on top after cooking the pizza, then I asked for the toppings that are added after the pizza is cooked: fresh spinach, basil, green onions, cilantro, and sundried tomatoes.  It was truly a work of art.  It was cut into 8 slices this time rather than 4 like when I first got here.  Nicole B. ordered the honey wheat crust for hers and she really liked it.  I got a Mexican coke and we ordered the s'mores pizza.  Since it was Nicole's birthday, it was "on the house"!  The staff here was SOOOOO nice!

When our pizzas came out hot and delicious, I was so excited.  Mine held up.  I do like the thicker crust because it allows for tons of toppings.  At Project Pie the crust was thinner and fewer toppings were recommended because the crust got wet while cooking.  This is not the case here.  We polished off our entire pizzas (no easy feat, seriously) and then chatted for awhile before asking the staff to fire up our dessert.  When it arrived, our mini pizza was delivered smelling amazing.  It was smeared with nutella and marshmallows that had a nice brown color on top.  It was heavenly.  I really am impressed and am somewhat relieved this is on the other side of town or I may be eating here too often.  Luckily, we still have a groupon so hopefully Eric R. and I will be back soon!  However, this was great for a girls night out!
Staff: 5
Food: 4
Value: 3 (used groupon but have to go with menu pricing)

Very cool concept, the groupon made it a great deal and the pizza was pretty good and done in no time at all. Definitely worth consideration if you are in a lunch time crunch and want some pizza.

Went at around 3pm and both girls behind the counter were friendly, informative and helpful, allowing you to taste a couple ingredients you may be unfamiliar with beforehand and offering suggestions such as mixing the diablo sauce with regular sauce to put out the fire...great tip!

I got one crazy pizza mixed with a ton of ingredients and one Margherita pizza to go. The sauce was good on the margherita but just not enough cheese...I know the cheese is the most expensive part of the pizza but if you are charging almost $9 menu price for a small margherita, I'd almost rather pay $12 and go to Settebello's for an insanely good margherita that's considerably larger...or with pizza hut and dominoes always at war with each other offering 50% discount online coupon codes you can get a dominoes artisan pizza for take out almost anytime for around $7...perhaps not quite as good, but more bang for your buck.

If I didn't have the groupon, I would say $20 is a bit steep for two small pizzas. 

The pizza industry is insanely competitive these days and just to be in the restaurant business in Las Vegas to begin with, you better have something magical.

If everyone is coming in with groupons and you have to give groupon 50% of the $7 they used to purchase it...just lower your price $1.50 and you'll have a lot of repeat business with an even better profit margin without having to rely on groupon.

TIP: Text 24587 on your phone while you are there and a coupon pops up on your phone for a free soda with your order (Man, I'm killing these guys).

I know I did some complaining on my 4 star review but the pizza was "good" and the service was great.

2 Pizzas and a soda for $12 ($7 groupon +$5 extra) was a great deal for a good lunch, I'm just not sure I'd come back and pay full price.
Our first time here tonight. The staff were really friendly; the pizzas were yummy and only took a few minutes to bake. I love wood fired baked pizzas. They're very generous on the toppings(you customize/load up each pizza with as many/as much toppings as you like). The only minor issue I experienced with my pizza was it got a little soggy after my first slice (maybe because of the extra sauce?). Next time, I'll just get regular sauce or a request it to be baked a little longer.
My first experience with a totally customized pizza. I bought the Groupon special based on all the great reviews for this place, thinking I couldn't go wrong with a pizza I make myself - Loved it. This place has a great concept and very friendly, approachable staff. The chef asked if it was my first time ordering, and let his helper know, they both were exceptional people! I tend to be pretty shy about ordering food and especially so when I am at a place by myself, picking up dinner for me and my husband... No need to feel nervous entering here!

I ordered the honey wheat dough with a 50/50 blend of tomato and bbq sauce for the base... Odd choice to experiment with but holy wow amazing taste! Toppings? With 27 fresh and tasty ones to build on your delicious platform, it's fun to choose. I got sweet caramelized onions, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, spinach, chicken, and a drizzle of olive oil... They have seven cheese choices and seven dough choices, too. So many flavor combination possibilities!

I ate my whole pizza in one sitting because it was too tasty to ignore and place in my refrigerator.

I will for sure go back to use my other Groupon for here very soon!
Hands down best pizza in town!!!!!!!!!
I had never heard of Custom Built Pizza even though they are across the street from the gym I go to regularly.

I received an offer from Groupon and that was my introduction to Custom Built Pizza.

My husband and I went on a Tuesday afternoon. It was not too busy and we were able to order from the extremely personable Chef Moe and enjoy some conversation with him. He listened carefully and made our pizzas right in front of us.

I ordered a traditional crust with buffalo sauce, mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese topped with chicken. Moe covered the entire surface of my pizza with chicken! (see photo). My husband ordered a traditional crust with tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and pepperoni.

Moe put our pizzas into the oven, which has an actual little fire inside in the corner (as opposed to a gas oven), and thanked us for coming in.

We moved down towards the register and selected drinks. There are bottled drinks and fountain drinks to choose from plus they have a liquor license with beer or wine.
We sat ourselves and watched Moe continue to make pizzas for other guests.

The dining area is spacious and very clean. The volume of the television was not too loud. It was easy to hold a conversation with the ambient sounds around us. 

When our pizzas were ready, Moe himself delivered them to our table. It took less than 10 minutes for these fresh, made to order pizzas to be delivered to us.

The first bite of my pizza will always be my favorite. The flavors from the buffalo sauce and chicken blended perfectly. The pizza crust was nice and thick with a good crunch when bitten into. Just delicious!

The pepperoni on my husband's pizza was thick cut and the tomato sauce was flavorful.

Neither pizza was greasy or soggy and they were a perfect size for a hungry adult. I was barely able to finish the whole thing but I didn't want to bring just one piece home. That would have been a tease.

The young lady from the cash register came over to check on us and asked if we needed anything.

We were very satisfied with our meal and will absolutely return in the future. There were dessert option pizzas but we were too full to try them on this visit.

I wish I had known about Custom Built Artisan Pizzas sooner but now that I have tried them, I will not forget them.

Thank you, Moe! Looking forward to seeing you again soon!
Wow!!! Been here twice now. First time was my wife and myself, second time 7 of us in the family. Couldn't wait to show the others what we had found. For a total of 9 different , custom made pizzas. Every person said theirs was delicious. Perfectly cooked, just the right size for one person (maybe one slice too big!).
Two words; unlimited toppings.  Everything here is great.  I can't think of one negative thing to say.  Can't beat the price, quality, and quantity.
The prices are reasonable, the pizza is tasty, and staff is friendly. I've tried all three crusts: original, honey whole wheat, and gluten free. They're all tasty, but I'm excited to say gluten free is the best! It's $2 extra for GF, but well worth it. Try the greek chicken specialty pizza on gluten free dough... Mmmm... Homemade chicken sausage!
Service is friendly, toppings and dough are fresh and tasty, and the orders come out extremely fast due to that 900 fire oven. In the future I'll have to aim for their lunch special  even though I'm a little sad that they'd choose to serve Pepsi products but then not have Cherry Pepsi. I'll be back anyway.
How can you go wrong with all you can pick toppings on a pizza?  We had a groupon which gave us $14 worth of food for $7, the only catch was we had to eat the pizza there.   They have several options for every part of your pie (crust, sauce, veg, meat, cheese).  I believe each pizza costs around $9 with cheaper options for cheese or 1 topping pizzas.  It would be a crime only getting one topping at this place.  You don't go to U-Swirl to get vanilla yogurt with a single cherry on top!  

I ordered the regular crust with Buffalo sauce, probably won't get this sauce again as it is really just a hot sauce, but it would make for a create topping.  Spicy Diavoli (sp) is a better option.  Then I loaded up on 4 different cheese options before adding mushrooms and every meat they had besides meatballs.  (chicken, pepperoni, sausage, bacon, etc...)  The pizza takes 5 minutes or so to cook in their ovens.  The young woman making my pizza was super friendly as was the gentlemen in charge of shipping the pies in and out of the oven.  The pizza is of good size and most mortals probably would be looking for a box half way through.  They also have beer/wine/non-alcoholic beverage options.  2 pizzas and drinks with the Groupoon came to just under $10....great deal.

The only slight suggestion for improvement that I would have is to somehow change their beverage area setup as to not have the door for behind the counter blocking the iced tea and lid section when open.  They also happened to be out of sun dried tomatoes on this particular visit.  Overall though a great place to pig out on a budget.
Tired of compromise? Fear no more, for CBP is here! Walk into a warm and inviting place, and no, this is NOT your ordinary pizza joint. Split a pizza with a loved one, or enjoy a 6-slicer personalized pizza all to yourself. Choose from a variety of sauces-meat and meatless for all you vegetarians put there, from different cheeses, veggies, and of course, meats. All for one low price of 9 and some change, unless you want special crust ($1-$3 more) or a real, sugar cane coke from the drink cooler. And of course, come back and try out new pizza combos, or, stick to the yummy usual :)
This place is just awesome.. You can't say you don't like your pizza, because it's made to order!  Fresh ingredients, 3 different types of crust. The employees are always smiling,  & very friendly... Absolutely love this place!!!
I'm a health freak and my husband knows that. So naturally I was surprised when he suggested we go to a pizza place. He said, "Trust me, it's different." seeing as how I trust him enough to let him go to strip clubs whenever he has to go to bachelor party, I thought I might as well trust him on this one.

We entered the well lit, clean, welcoming place. We were greeted by a bubbly gal named Andrea. Since I'd never been there, she pointed me over to her colleague Stephen who would take care of us. Boy, did Stephen er Steven know his stuff! He explained to us that we get to custom build our own pizza and patiently answered all our questions on toppings. I ended up getting honey wheat crust with half plain marinara and half spicy red sauce (they explained to me they could do that after letting me try the hot sauce and it was too hot). I added mozzarella, artichokes, red onions, green onions, spinach, and cilantro. 

We sat down and waited only like 10 minutes for a freshly made pizza. It was sooo tasty! And our service was incredible. If you're the manager of this place, and you're reading this, you need to recognize these two! I though Steven had to be the manager!

Overall great experience, well worth the price, and I can't think of anything I would change.
Great service, everyone was super nice. The food was really good and the price was amazingly cheap for the size of the pizza I got. I love that they have vegan cheese! If they had Gardien or Tofurky fake meats that would be the only thing to make it even better, for me at least. I will be back at least every week or so.
Custom Built Pizza is just what the name implies: a place where you can customize your pizza pies! (Maybe this should be their new tagline, it even rhymes.)

In any case, in addition to creating your own, they do have a few featured specialty pizzas, and on my visit last night, I opted to simply make alterations to their Greek Chicken Sausage pizza- Spicy Diavola, mozzarella and Feta cheese, chicken fennel sausage, sweet onions, roasted garlic, Kalamata olives and rosemary olive oil.
I tried the spicy diavola (SPICY is not an understatement!) and asked to mix it with the crushed tomatoes to tone it down a bit, then switched out the olives for gorgonzola cheese, and added a few pepperoni on top.  I also added on a Caprese salad with fresh mozzarella as a healthy "side" though it's an entre size.

Ladies in store were starting to clean up for the evening, but were friendly and full of smiles when last-minute customers came in, walking us through the process and making suggestions. Pizza was out fast, took it to go, stopped by the condiments section first to add crushed red peppers, parm, and a sprinkle of herbs.

Got home and enjoyed a bit of my pizza and salad for dinner, and finished it up for brunch this morning. The pizza itself was spectacular: the crust wasn't too thin or too thick but still managed to have a good chew, the ingredients were fresh and flavorful- particularly the rosemary olive oil, onions and garlic, and the combination of feta and gorgonzola cheese! All quality here, no skimping!

I've been to other Chipotle-style make-your-own pizza chains, but this is the one I've been most impressed with: the service, the quality ingredients that didn't cut corners, and the portion sizes for the price were all a happy surprise!
10 dirty fingernails 

At the recommendation of some friends we gave this place a shot. 

Please note that my review is not for the pizza because we hadn't even gotten that far in the process. 

Upon entering, we were greeted and instructed to file behind some other customers who had just placed their order. Assuming our place in this Subway'esq line, I eagerly watched a man begin forming a beautiful roll of pizza dough, into the flat palate ready to accept all the wonderful ingredients. As I was watching, I was paying close attention to his form as I've always wanted to hand toss a pizza in the air like you see in the movies. As I stared through the sneeze guard glass, i really focused on the mans hands kneading until I caught the terrible glimpse of his fingernails.

People, this wasn't a single dirty nail. It was 8 fingers and two thumbs worth of "I dug my way to work" dirty. As if you played blackjack all night and the grim from the table felt accumulated in all your nails.

We lasted 2 minutes in the place. Super bummed because I love pizza.
Eight inches of yummy personal pizza. Or eleven inches. Whoops, I forgot. But either way, it's the perfect size! As a pizza lover, I was shocked I couldn't finish the whole pizza.

So you simply walk in, go to the opposite side of the cashier, and start building your pizza! Choose a crust & get your own party started. Pick a sauce(s), cheese(s) & topping(s). You can pretty much do half & half.. the friendly pizza maker assured me I'm the boss and who doesn't love being in charge right? Hah.

I opted for Crushed Tomato Sauce, Asiago Cheese, Pineapple, Bacon and Sun Dried Tomatoes on Original Crust. The boyfriend chose Crushed Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella Cheese, Pepperoni, Tomato & Onion on Original Crust. 

I love the brick-ovenesque crust and toppings were tasty and they were generous with them as well. I loved the service. Very friendly people. One of the pizza makers/servers was a young kid too. I'm assuming it's the owner's son? Family-oriented place! Oh & price was pretty inexpensive-- about $10 or so? Depends really on what you get. But they have daily specials so just check them out.

I will definitely be back. Already thinking of my future toppings. :)
All the toppings you want from one set price? Fantastic! 
And It's healthy!
I have been waiting for something like this to come Vegas! This spot is just proper and done right. If you like making your own personal pizza and gluten free. This is the spot!
So this place is a little far from me, however it was recommended because of my new gluten free lifestyle I have now had to endure. I must say though, their pizza is delicious. Even though the gluten free dough comes frozen it is still thin and crispy the way that I like it. But really it was not about the dough for me. Their options are incredible. I tried their pistachio pesto sauce and I just melted in my seat it was so tasty. I mixed it in with a little of their tomato sauce too and it just tasted like homemade sauce. So fresh. I also added chicken, olives, and I think one more thing but I am not sure at the moment. I am a pretty simple person when it comes to pizza. Their cheese options too, where just amazing. Of course what pizza joint doesn't have mozzarella, but here they also have Gorgonzola, asiago, and others. The staff was really nice, explaining the process to us. It was a good experience. The only qualm I have is that two 11" pizzas a water cup and a drink was almost $30 and I really have not decided if it is worth that. I would definitely say share a pizza with someone, but if you want your own then by all means. I will be back when I have the time to travel to that side of town again.
I love love love this pizza place. Pizza is my life source! If I had to choose a Last Supper it would be pizza and it would probably be from custom-built. Chipotle style choose your own toppings, sauce, etc. and they cook it for you in their super hot oven (like 800 degrees...that's the BEST way to make pizza!!). It's quick, delicious, and hits the spot every time. Definitely some of the best pizza in Vegas
seriously the best pizza in Vegas.   I'm in here at least once every two weeks (maybe more lol). I love this place and highly recommend it and they have great options for vegan and gluten free and you choose all your toppings, sauce, crust #yum
Nom. Nom. Nom. Awesome every time.  Great staff.  Friendly owner.  Love this place.  Went for the first time on a Groupon, now a frequent diner.
Loooove this place. Vegan and gf options for your pickiest family members and this family-run business even lets kids play with a little dough.

Fun and delicious. 

Coming from an italian family, this pizza tastes RIGHT.
Pretty good! It was nice that this wasn't a sit down. Just order and then seat yourself. I ordered the white pizza. I was very sad that they didn't have the herb ricotta spread that it says it was supposed to have. Ricotta on a white pizza is like one of the key ingredients for a white pizza. The guy that made our pizzas made it seem like they never have the ricotta. Anyways got Alfredo sauce on it instead it was not the same but all and all good pizza. Well cooked and nice and I crisp!
My 1st time here was because of a Groupon. That got us in the door but the friendly staff, quick service & yummy pizza dough has gotten us back to Custom Built Pizza. There are specialty pizzas or you can build your own (think Subway or Chipotle). None of the toppings are an additional charge, even when you add something to the specialty pizzas. Our favorite pizza was created by accident, when we ordered the eggplant parm specialty but they were out so we had to settle for the sauteed eggplant. Yowsas!, it came out crispy & melty in my mouthy! The last time we went, we had the actual eggplant parm & it didn't hold a candle to the sauteed. A true testament to their fast, friendly service was when we went in right behind a childrens t-ball team & all their parents. It was chaotic but the 4 people working handled it like champs. They were frazzled but still greeted everyone, assured us we wouldn't have to wait long & did so with sincere smiles. It's also worth highlighting the dessert pizza... wait for it... s' mores! Nutella & marshmallows.
It's not that I'm 9 months pregnant that I was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is THAT good! First time trying it but will be back again (soon I hope)! Very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had I mentioned that?). Many thumbs up CBP!!!
VEGAN- and GLUTEN-FREE-FRIENDLY!!! This place is GREAT!! The concept is much like Chipotle, except with pizza. You choose your crust (original, whole wheat, or gluten-free), pick your sauce (three different kinds of red sauce, pistachio pesto, alfredo, and bbq), then your toppings. I'm so pleased they offer vegan mozzarella cheese (Daiya, I think). She piled on tons of it and when it came out it was just perfect, gooey and stretchy. It's a little extra for the vegan cheese (and also for gluten-free crust) but it's so worth it for obvious reasons!! Costs just slightly more than a frozen vegan pizza from Whole Foods, but it's so much better - there's nothing like hot, fresh pizza right out of the oven!
I found Custom Built on my way home from my hair salon in the middle of a severe pizza craving. It's not anywhere near where I lived, so I made it a point to stop here every time I went back to the salon. The Subway of pizza ... and the quality isn't lacking.

Pick your size, pick your crust, pick your cheese/toppings/extras/whatever the hell you want on the pizza. I admit, there may be a few of the "odd toppings" missing from the counter, but for the most part you'll find a variety of toppings you want and like. The pesto sauce is awesome, and you can split the pizza in half, if you prefer different sauces/combinations. Plenty of vegetarian/vegan options (win!), and definitely the same if you're feeling carnivorous. Prepared and cooked to perfection right in front of you. Service is friendly, and I've never waited more than 10 minutes (for a single pizza).
Custom Built is just up the road from my office and is one of my favorite lunch spots.  It's hard not to love good pizza and these guys have some of the best in Las Vegas.  Great crust and I love the concept of picking out my toppings and sauce.  I take friends here for lunch or dinner all the time and everyone thinks it's a great idea.   The owners should franchise this model and open them all over the country!
Best kept secret in Las Vegas for artisan style pizza!
Tucked away in a shopping center across from Target, next time you are shopping stop in and order a pizza!!!

You pick your crust, sauce, cheeses, veggies and meats. Great variety of options, so yummy.
I ordered the diavolo (spicy tomato sauce, no joke), mozzarella, pepperoni, mushroom and jalapeno. So good. Couldn't finish it so ate leftovers the next day. The sauce was even better the next day.

My husband created his own BBQ chicken pizza, fantastic as well.

Great for kids as they can really get into creating their own pizza with all the toppings to choose from :) 

Staff super friendly and help with topping suggestions if you aren't sure what to get. Their specialty pizzas really good too.

Help get the word out so that they make enough money to stay in business!!! Tell EVERYONE you know to try it out.
Good service, good pizza, and a good location!

I do wish this place was a little closer to me since they have a $6.95 lunch special for a personal size pizza with anything on it. Great deal!

Everyone working here was really cool!
I came to here after trying a place called pieology in california. Its very much like a chipotle style choose how you want to make you own meal style place. Their pizza isnt as good in my opinion as the california doppelgnger but it is still really good and really reasonably cheap! Their sauces range from pesto to garlic to spicy to bbq to simple and clean tomato sauce, and their workers are always extremely nice and welcoming every time I come in. This place is definitely underrated, if youre in the area and want some fresh cooked pizza come here. I personally like mixing the garlic, pineapple, and ham. It sounds strange but is really good! And as a bonus, its right off the 215 and plenty of seating inside.
If you don't like your pizza, you will have no one to blame but yourself! With two dough options, multiple sauces, and then soooo many toppings to choose from, you can go back again and again and never order the same thing twice. 

There's salad, desert, and wine to top it all off. It's super kid friendly and the employees are really nice and keep the restaurant clean. 

It's perfect for a quick lunch or a casual dinner. You'll never feel rushed out or in the way. Just a tasty and chill pizza joint.
This place is excellent. I really enjoyed the minted peas and different types of hummus. The food is always very fresh and the staff is really friendly. Definitely try this place out.
What's not to love about this new gem in Tempe? It's located in the cove at Mill&5th, which keeps the noise level down, and has a great covered patio for eating/conversing/reading/relaxing etc. The staff is super helpful and friendly (I had no idea what to get the first time I went, but one of the owners kindly explained all that was being offered that day and what other people had recommended). Oh, and the food is amazing too. The menu changes daily and the food is fresh, bright, and light on both palate and wallet. For a special treat stop by on Taco Thursdays for a unique take on an old favorite. 
 
Also I've left plenty of restaurants feeling good, because I just ate a really tasty meal, but it's rare for me to leave a restaurant feeling good about the restaurant itself. The people that run Desert Roots Kitchen care about what they're feeding their customers and it shows.

*Update*
I need to say something about the vegan baked goods at Desert Roots. I've had some bad experiences with animal friendly baked items in the past (see overly dry and tough), but the cookies, brownies, muffins and dessert bread at Desert Roots are excellent. All the baked stuff is very moist with the right amount of chew vs. crumbliness. Also, like the rest of the menu it seems like new treats are whipped up every week, but there are some additional mainstays, like the oh-so-amazing apple oat bars,  that remain in the lineup.
Vegan cafe with great soy parfaits? CHECK
I Will be a freshmen at ASU next year and have been mapping out my common food destinations. This is one of them! I walked in to order today with my lovely girlfriend and had the most pleasant dinning experience. I was welcomed by friendly staff and healthy options. I opted for the wrap for $8.50. Definitely a good choice. I did so because I saw a ready burrito there and it looked scrumptious. 
I was given some very distressing information. 
"Im sorry but we are out of Mexican rice", said the man at the counter.
My heart sank. This was it. Its all over. We should of settled for the place downtown!
But wait, a light shines.
"Why don't you just tell me what you want in it and ill make it for you in the wrap?"
There is a God after all! and he is hiding in my completed wrap of purple pepper, basil, Orzo mixed with coconut lentil soup and fresh green vegetables.
This went so well with the alternating bites of my girlfriends delicious soy parfait (3.50) with homemade granola sweetened with honey and fresh fruit. 
Top it off with one of their amazing home made brownies and you've got yourself the right way to start your day.
Being a recent vegetarian, I'm always looking for new diggs to eat.  I saw Desert Roots popup on HappyCow, and thought I'd give it a try.  Overall, a cute little down-to-earth deli on Mill, with a small but tasty made-from-scratch menu which changes daily.  No in-house seating, but there is a decent outdoor seating area; there are cooling misters, but in the summer you may want to just grab-n-go.

I had the Thai wrap with honey mustard potato salad, and I wasn't disappointed.  The wrap was loaded with rice, beans, greens, and a touch of peanut sauce.  The potato salad was not your run-of-the-mill either, with tasty bits of carrot and celery mixed in.

Since the website is still under construction, I was told to check them out on Facebook for the current menu:  https://www.facebook.com/DesertRootsKitchen 

Overall, a win for us vegetarians/vegans, with gluten and dairy free choices as well.  Thumbs up!
Setting: day time, Mill Avenue. We're hungry. The situation is all too familiar. Where should we eat? I don't know, do we want sh*tty pizza or a sh*tty burger or some sh*tty Mexican food?

Enter: Desert Roots Kitchen, the tiny, unassuming kitchen of fresh awesome... now, I never have to have this conversation again.

With offerings like huge wraps, awesome dolmas, cous cous salads, noodle dishes, greens, fresh fruit, granola and yogurt parfaits, and baked goods like brownies, cookies and bars, it's reassuring to know that most everything is vegan (even the white chocolate chips in the cookies and the soy yogurt they have available for parfaits) but not particularly surprising. It's all very simple, natural food. No Tofurky isht. Not up in here.

The staff is friendly, helpful, enthusiastic, and most importantly, willing to let you sample things. I ended up with the vegan parfait for a anti-whopping fee of 3.50... the same price as Nami's! Except, Desert Roots uses fresh, seasonal fruit instead if a scoop of frozen berries, gives you about twice as much soy yogurt (but if only they had coconut milk yogurt...), and their lightly honey-sweetened homemade granola actually keeps breakfast nutritious, rather than turning it into a total sugar bomb. I'll definitely be ordering the parfait on da regular.

While we're on the subject of carbs, I'd love to see some additional grainless menu items, because as of now, it's entirely carb-based. I enjoy the idea of pasta and cous cous as much as the next person, but I'd rather not eat much of it, let alone make it my meal. Also, stuffing a flour-based wrap with grains is not on my bucket list. Plus, if I get dessert (and I am getting dessert, damn it), that's flour on rice on flour. Yikes. Hook me up with some vegetable/nut/legume-centric dishes and I'll be an ecstatic camper in the future. Keep the good stuff coming, y'all, keep it coming.
Some of the healthiest and tastiest food on Mill Ave. I love the selection of food and how often it changes. Breakfast or lunch, it's a great place to go. 

The staff always greets you with a smile and is more than happy to tell you what they have..what it is..and what its made of. Their wraps, muffins, tropical couscous, and soups are so tasty. 

They have great low-cost coffee too! Forget the chains...Eat & Drink local.
Good stuff. Had lots of food to choose from, and I like how the menu changes daily. I had a spinach wrap with curried rice and lentils with mixed greens and hummus. It was damn good. I will definitely be back here again, can't wait to try breakfast.
This place is great. They have healthier options on Mill, that change daily. I had half a chipotle wrap and a bean salad with sweet potato that were both delicious. They're newly opened, welcoming and nice. Also, the outside patio is within that little courtyard and is a nice place to sit outside when its cool enough.
I had a wrap and it was the best thing I have every had. I have to admit that I was a little nervous to try this place because I'm not a vegan but it was so awesome. The owner are super friendly. I can't wait to go back :D
From the moment I decided to take a vacation day off from work today I have been planning my schedule around stopping in here for lunch. Since moving to Tempe a few months ago, I am constantly on the lookout for new vegan/vegetarian spots. However, due to their very limited hours, I have never had a chance to make a visit to Desert Roots Kitchen until today.

I didn't immediately notice the restaurant from Mill Avenue because it is tucked away in a little square right behind the big store-fronts on the main sidewalk. Phew! This quaint, quiet location is totally befitting of their style of restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised at how calm the environment was considering its proximity to Mill Avenue in the middle of a school day. The front of the store has some patio seating where customers were easily able to sit undisturbed and read or chat over their meals. 

Upon entering, the staff was responsive and very positive. I told them it was my first visit and they explained the menu and encouraged me to sample the food before ordering anything. ...Don't mind if I do!! 

Everything I tasted was delicious, fresh, and made from scratch that same day. I ended up getting the Fresh Veggie & Kale Wrap with Lentils and their Garden Herb Spread. It came with a side of fruit, and the size of the wrap was very generous... I'm saving half of it for lunch tomorrow.

It was delicious. The flavors came together very well, and just thinking about those ingredients gives me a nice healthy feeling... a feeling that you don't frequently have after dining on the normal ice cream/burger/pizza fare served up at almost every other one of the restaurants on Mill. I'm incredibly happy with this new health-conscious, vegetarian-friendly addition to a shopping district that was in such desperate need of it.

Now go check it out!!
Healthiest lunch option on Mill! Great vegetarian and gluten-free selection. The staff is SO friendly. You can tell how much pride they take in their food, and they help you in making your selection. You can also taste everything before ordering it. Love this place!!
I recently stumbled upon this amazing little healthy spot. I ordered a custom wrap and added cilatro pablano humus, quinoa salad, corn salad, wild rice with squash and mixed greens. It was so good I ate the other half that I was gonna save for dinner. Menu changes daily with the veggies that are available and posted on fb. I would eat here every day if I were close enough.
Being a Vegetarian for a long time, my husband and I are always looking for a great place to eat and were so lucky to find this jewell!   After walking mill avenue and not finding anything exciting, we came across Desert Roots Kitchen.  This is a top notch vegan restaurant.  I asked as I entered for a menu, which they said we don't have one our selection changes daily!.  The choices were fantastic and the owner wonderful!.  After we received our food, they came out to make sure that everything was going well.   

Be aware that this restaurant is tucked away, so look closely for it...you will not be disappointed.
This little place is hidden amongst the hip streets of Tempe, Az, but when you find it it is a great spot to eat local grown and organic food. I went there while playing some dates in AZ and was relieved to find this spot cuz it was in the shade with misters on the patio. The people were very nice and knowledgeable about the food. The food itself was fresh and delicious. I had some kind of a veggie wrap with quinoa that came with a side of shell pesto pasta. This place is great and i am going back when I am in town again
Celebrate: there's a great vegetarian breakfast and lunch spot on Mill Avenue, Desert Roots Kitchen, and it offers up a rotating menu of tasty veg-friendly items with local ingredients for peeps who love eating healthily.

The cafe, which has been open for about the past 5 months, is hidden in the plaza off of 5th St. and features a great case of vegetarian dishes, such as pasta salad, pumpkin pudding and dolmas. The spot also serves coffee and breakfast items and a changing daily special, which I got when I went there recently--the pinto bean wrap, with brown rice and peppers.

The joint is order-at-the-counter, and there's a little patio outside where you can nosh. Getting my food was super-quick, and the staff was very friendly. Most meals cost only around $10, and you can build your own meal with a variety of sides, an option I loved since everything looked so good. My pasta salad was really tasty, and the wrap packed a protein punch and was really filling. While the spot doesn't currently serve dinner, the manager I talked to said she anticipated dinner hours in the near-future.
A rotating menu consisting of A wrap of the day and many "sides" which are really dishes in themselves. 

It had been some time since I had venture to this little courtyard hidden away from the hustle and bustle of mill. I was glad to see a small shop brining it back to life. There is a covered patio with a few chairs and inside a counter to order at. (this means summer time may be a problem)

The are a few options including a wrap 1/2 wrap with a side two sides or just many sides. Again the sides are well crafted dishes in their own right and not just chips. 

I tried 1/2 of a warrior wrap which was filled with pinto beans and cactus in a green tortilla. It was pretty good which is high praise as I am not a wrap fan. The real star was the peanut and bok choy salad I had with my dish. Rich and great texture. 

I was also pleased with the prices, $6.50 for a 1/2 wrap and a side is a bargain compared to other local organic veg places. 

If the weather is nice, you can't go wrong by trying this place out.
Amazing! You come up to this place and you know it is special. Run by a very nice group of women and they make different items each day. I had the three item plate with Kale and Peanut salad, curry and coconut brown rice and pinto beans with squash, and then my friends and I split some oat and apple bars that were delicious. 

You can try anything you want out of the cold deli counter and prices were reasonable for food that is not only good for you but made from scratch. I love this place, can't wait to go back!
I hate to be the party pooper but as someone who is a healthy cooking fanatic and always on the search for a lighter choice when I'm on the go, this place doesn't put me off the charts on my wow-meter. The portions are plentiful which is very nice considering the price. The ingredients do seem fresh as well and I very much like seeing the open kitchen. The staff has always been friendly, but when it comes to taste, texture and "health" I think there is room for improvement.

Most of the salads I have tried, whether potato, pasta or legume based, have been grossly overdressed. The adjective that comes to mind is "gloppy." The chana masala chickpeas had a pool of oil sitting in the middle and the batch was overly salted. The thai peanut vegetables were overly coated with a viscous dressing, though the flavor was decent. Each time I see a beautiful creation and order it, my lips feel coated chapstick after a few bites. The wraps have good flavor, but I don't see the point of stuffing them with rice. Carbs and carbs don't feel healthy to me when coated in a coconut sauce. To be fair, the chili I had last week was fantastic. Earlier this week however, when it was 60-some degrees outside, they had no soup. Seems like an odd special to be missing when the season finally turns.

I think there is terrific potential and I hope Desert Roots fares well. Local food that is fresh made, open and honest, is what I live to support. There is absolutely no doubt that this humble cafe provides better choices than most of the options on Mill. But I can't sing praises quite yet. A few tweaks to thin out the sauce, adjust the seasonings and maybe some better carb/protein combos and I'll be a regular.
I work in downtown Tempe, so among all the places to eat within walking distance, this is by far one of the best in the Mill Ave District. It's a comparable price point to the other healthier locations but I appreciate the creativity put into the daily rotating menu and the quaint courtyard to eat in, away from the street. If you need it to go, you've got it within 5 minutes. My kind of place!
Finally, real food close to ASU. First time here and the food is exquisite. I had the "Sonoran Bean & Roasted Veggie Wrap" with a side of " Spinach Olive & Oregano Pasta." The meal was delicious as well as filling. I can see myself spending lots of time on the delightful patio in the future.
Tried this out for the first time today. Loved it. A quaint place with a nice and friendly staff. I was apprehensive that portions would be super small, and that I would leave hungry. This was not the case. Very generous portions and at a great price. You have to love eating super healthy, being full, for around $8.50 or under. 

The food is delicious. It is made fresh each day, and all day long. The other thing that was great is there was a big line when I arrived, and I thought that it being a small business, that it would take forever. I had my food right away.

I highly recommend this place. 

Simple, tasty, great service, inexpensive, and a cozy atmosphere.
I'm not a vegetarian, but this place is excellent.  

This space used to be the "In Season Deli", another great establishement of 28 years.  However, Desert Roots has picked up where ISD left off.

The menu changes daily and is always fresh.  Although their are some things I like more than others- everything has at worst been good, and at best- been amazing.  

A locally owned gem among the commercialism of what is now Mill Ave.
I was here recently with a few of my friends. Beware: It can be difficult to find this place, as it's a bit hidden away from the main street. Fortunately, one of my friends knew exactly where he was going.

This place is a tiny store with no indoor seating. You go in, there's a menu and a glass case full of their (changed daily!) food selection, and you order and pay right there. Water is in a dispenser in the front, and they have glasses for you to serve yourself. At the end of your meal, you just quickly bus your own plates.

In terms of service, the ladies working here are great! They're friendly, helpful, conversational, and very generous with the samples. Any questions, feel free to ask them and be enlightened!

For food, most of my friends got wraps (custom and the wrap of the day), whereas I had just eaten, so I settled for a small hummus plate with pita bread. Despite being a small, I still got what I thought was a big serving for a very good price (around $5). Extremely good, and I liked their selection of hummus!

In general, if you're in the Tempe area and are craving some healthy vegan food, make the effort to find Desert Roots. I definitely want to make a return trip already.
I was looking for a light healthy meal after cheating last night. I found Desert Roots on Yelp and decided to try something new. I ordered the plate which was 3 choices for $8.50. I got the chana masala, dolmades, and pasta salad. All dishes were very good and flavorful, along with being Vegan so I didn't have to worry about dietary issues. The portion size was very generous, a very good value for the money. They also offer samples that you can try, before deciding on what to order. I would definitely come back.
Very, very good.  We found it by accident, but what a great find!  The young women behind the counter were super friendly and super helpful. generous with samples.  The vegan food choices were cooked professionally and were absolutely delicious.  Please take the time to visit this sweet, little restaurant.  We hope the folks who have started this place do very well for many years.
My new favorite restaurant in Tempe!  Nice to have healthy food for a reasonable price.  I've eaten here multiple times and have never had any thing but the best.  All vegetarian and freshly made food.  The only problem is that I can never decide what to get because there's so many wonderful options.  I end up getting the 3 sides meal.  Lots of wonderful things done with lentils, kale, and awesome wraps to boot.  I've suggested a recipe book, but they inform me that everything is created from the fly and nothing is written down, great unique combinations of flavors.

Keep up the good work!
After riding my bike from Central Phoenix to Mill Ave and forgetting to eat breakfast I was ready to mow down.

Fate and Yelp were merciful; after entering  "vegan" into the search field Desert Roots Kitchen appeared on the map not 100 feet away.

I thoroughly enjoyed their wrap, omg! Their generous servings had me full and ready for another workout.
a-ma-zing!
Fresh food, wonderful crew and a great vibe.
Luv luv luv Desert Roots! The owner Lesley is truly and entrepreneur and is going places. It's tough to find delectible vegan food that you crave! My recommendation is to sample it all because there are just too many choices from mild to spicy. The atmosphere is always upbeat. Be patient if newbies are in line, remember...you were once one too!
My first visit... Couldn't decide so I opted for the 3 sides.  I kinda figured it would be too much food but I was hungry and I couldn't eliminate one!  Since the menu is constantly changing, why recommend a particular dish?  It was all good.  My belly was happy and so was my palette.  Looking forward to my next stop in at this cute little deli with a cute little patio in the Mill Avenue Shops... Right where I used to work at a thrift shop when I was in high school.
LOVED this little whole in the wall place.  You have to know what you are looking for to find it.  I had the 3 sides meal of a peanut rice dish, cucumber salad and roasted pear quinoa.  SO tasty - reasonably priced and the owner was LOVELY!  I will go back any time I can when in Tempe.  

Felt GREAT after eating lunch there....
I SO want to give this place 5 stars.  Friendly, delicious and great prices.  

But...I just can't do 5 stars for a vegan restaurant where the employees hang out outside smoking.  Because now when I order buffalo hummus or yummy grape leave dolmas, I can't help but wonder if the employee just lit up on her break, and grabbed my tahini with nicotine-stained-smokey fingers.  Yuk.  Smoking + cooking?  It's a deal-breaker. Smoking + cooking at a vegan restaurant? Seems like an SNL skit.
This place is a breath of fresh air in Tempe, litterally! Their food is not only all vegan, but it's fresh and amazing.... Everything is made  from scratch and with love. They allow the ingredients to shine, not covering up the beautiful grains and veggies with "chi'kn" replacements....believe me, vegan food does not have to mimic carnivore food in order to be delicious.

Everyday the menu is slightly different (actually, a good indication that their ingredients are indeed fresh and real) so, it's always a surprise to see what you are going to get. I have to say though, pesto day (whateverdays they decide to make it) is my absolute favorite...(maybe they can give me the recipe?? :D  ) Each day there is a different wrap made that you can combine with the wonderful variety of side dishes they make. Or, you can just make a full plate out of the side dishes. The people there are also wonderful, you can tell they put a lot of love in their food! Always smiling and happy to serve you, I never get tired of going here!
I've been on a solid health kick lately and have plenty of options when i'm home, but traveling for business always puts a dent in my otherwise healthy lifestyle.  Such is the case this weekend, but Desert Roots Kitchen has entered the picture and saved me.

The food is exceptionally fresh, natural and simply feels good the instant it enters the body.  The women that run the place are WONDERFUL - so friendly and radiant.  I absolutely LOVE this place and will be back in A few months... on business, but now with a healthy ace up my sleeve...

NOTE - they are only open on weekdays and close at 4(ish)
This place is awesome! I'm the farthest thing from from a vegan/vegetarian, but really enjoyed the wrap of the day I ordered (red lentil tabouli I think) and the 2 sides that came with it.

The open kitchen is great and everything is super-fresh and originates locally. This is a great lunch option in the Mill area.
This place is a real desert gem. I am an avid meat eater and I don't even miss the meat when I'm having lunch here... makes me think I could actually survive as a vegan. The owner really knows what she is doing! She's wicked smart with the veggies - especially cooking kale and using great spice combinations. 
 
I always get the dolmas with tahini, and if they have it, the kale salad (there are several variations) it never disappoints. The best option is to get the lunch plate with 3 items. It's almost too much food for me, but I can never just stop at 2 items. You are allowed to taste a few items if you can't make up your mind, my favorite special item was the apple slaw - so fresh and tasty.   

On top of all of this tasty food, I can't imagine a place that has better customer service. The first time we went in my fiance wanted some fruit with granola and even though it wasn't on the set menu for the day, the owner made something up special for us and it was the tastiest fruit medley I've ever had - ripe, glorious fruit with freshly made granola. YUM.  

I honestly have no criticisms... this place is great. My ASU co-workers all agree this is the best spot for a lunch date. I hope it doesn't ever change (unless they open dinner service, which would make my life totally complete).
Vegan food at its best. I had a Mediterranean wrap that was healthy and delicious. Thanks Ladies (and any dudes?) for bringing healthy, sustainable food to Tempe. If you guys were in New York I would eat here every day!
Hmm.  I got a private response from Sally M. at Desert Roots. Here it is:

Judgey 
"I found your review very judgmental. Do you mind when your server who serves you meats or alcohol offensive if they smoke? Cigarettes, although not the healthiest thing on the planet, are not made from dead animals, or GMOs.
Eating a vegan diet, for some, has more to do with a cruelty-free way of living, rather than a health choice." - Sally M.

Dear Sally M., 
The issue is not that I am judging you for smoking.  I assure you I do not care one lick of an iota if you smoke.  It's that you smoked right outside your restaurant, then waltzed back in and immediately went to serve up some hummus.  My issue is that this is unsanitary, and whether you're serving a veggie wrap or a ribeye smothered in extra GMO meat sauce, just plain gross.  

Rebecca
I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, but I love great tasting food! It's my favorite place on Mill Ave for lunch. Desert Roots Kitchen has a delicious rotating menu. Get a full plate. The kale salads are delicious. My favorite dish is a garbanzo bean, peanuts, and dates (sometimes they change the legume or nut, but it's always served with dates). The staff is friendly. If you're in a hurry, don't go right at noon.
the only reason they don't get 5 stars is because there isn't any bacon here. 

had no idea this place was a vegan/vegetarian or whatever label you want to call it. 

Delicious! is what i rather call it. They have soups, menu is ever changing, can't get bored with that. Right around noon is when they get their rush, before/after that there isn't to much of a wait.

It's like walking into the deli section with out all the deli. There needs to be more places like this. Try the soups.
This place is fantastic. Five stars for being the only hippy food in the college district.
I had the tahini brown rice pilaf, red and green quinoa, and the peanut-date curry thing. It was all awesome,  I thought it was a little pricy for what it was-- other restaurants like this serve three salad plates for 6 or 7 dollars-- but no matter, I loved it and I'll definitely be back.
Hands down my favorite restaurant on Mill Ave. The food is fresh, local and made right in front of you. The ladies that work there have a friendly demeanor and are extremely helpful. The menu changes everyday which provides nice variety, although I have had favorites that I wish I could have on a regular basis. I've never had a wrap that I didn't enjoy. It's a hidden gem and is only open during typical business hours which is sad if I'm having a desert roots craving over the weekend or evening. There is hardly any seating area, and it's all outside so be prepared to eat standing up or at another location.
Amazingly delicious food. I'm not exaggerating. Also, super friendly people. I'm gonna be sad that I live 12 hours away from this place.
This place is fresh. With a combination of a wrap & an item(s) of your choice, you're assured enough choice for your dose of variety.
The service was good. The attendant explained everything right in front of everything.
The smoothie was a bit costly though. 

But overall, this place is a very healthy option for a meal.
Love it! Fresh, vegan, yummy! Nice outdoor sitting area, quiet, great prices. You won't be disappointed! Cute little place, a new fave!
Desert Roots is a great little place for a fast lunch.  Since everything is vegan it's one of the best choices in Tempe for something healthy.  Everything I have tried has been really good and satisfying.  The salads and hummus are always fresh and server up deli style from the case. So it's really quick to stop in eat on the patio and head back about your day.  The staff is exceptionally nice and helpful giving you suggestions of things to try and what they have for the day.  It's a little hard to find at first since it's in a back nook off the street, but well worth it once you know here it is.

If you are curious about vegan food or just want something not fried for lunch this is pretty much the best place on Mill.
I loved the food. Healthy and delicious.
I am sooooo happy to have found this place!  I dragged my fella here after noticing it while shopping on Mill.  We both enjoyed the plate special.  It was a vegetarian wrap filled with black beans, quinoa and other veggies.   It was really flavorful!  The 2 sides we picked was some asian inspired noodles...not really something I would pick again, but I just didn't like the spices.  And a massaged kale salad that blew my socks off!  My hubby got one bite of that before I devoured it.  So fresh and delicious. 

Verdict: As a dedicated carnivore this is my new favorite place when I feel like being a tourist vegetarian!
Tough to find. It's off the street, down an alley/walkway. Can't comment on the food because they were closed for the week.
Awesome place- my go to spot in Tempe
Fresh, local and organic and delicious to boot!
I've been wanting to try this place for a while since it's a vegan/vegetarian restaurant. The food felt healthy, light, and tasted delicious.

I love that they make the food fresh every day and have whatever is left in a case so you can see what people liked and was popular or maybe wasn't as popular, but you get the sense that everything is good because there's hardly anything left!

Good sign that all the food is good.

So I tried the full plate with a lentil and spinach wrap and the kale salad.
I'm mostly skeptical about kale salads because they are often very acidic in order to take away the sharp green bitter taste of the kale. I actually like the green taste of kale, so I really appreciated that this salad wasn't acidic. It was hearty and savory.

The wrap was so tasty. I loved the lentil mixture wrapped in spinach and cabbage and then held together with a wheat tortilla. So good, healthy, satisfying.

I would love to try this place again and see what else they serve.
 It felt very community oriented but you have to sit outside if you want to "dine in." I guess it could be cool to take the food to go since you really don't have to wait to get your food. 

Can't wait to go back.
Great food! I'm not Vegan, but greatly enjoy the food here, as well as the people who help run it. Great atmosphere and tucked away so your not on a busy street eating. I try to make it here as much as I can. I especially like that they support local farming and business'!
Total hidden gem.  The food is amazing and for someone who is not vegan or vegetarian, there are so many options!  Can't wait to go back and try more!
For me, I have a palette that enjoys the more flavorful of what DRK has to offer. So I ask them for the more flavorful items, they help me decide, and...buonissime!
Everything great, makes veggies a welcome surprise.  What a great patio and friendly staff.
I originally wrote the review below on the DRK Facebook page in early February 2013 soon after eating here for the first time. 

Fast forward 14 months and I'm more impressed and happier than ever. The "always changing, always delicious" daily selections that Leslie and team produce never fail to please.  

Fabulous flavors, incredibly fast and friendly service -- and entirely vegan.  My week isn't complete without my two regular visits to DRK.  That said -- even if you're not vegan or vegetarian -- I challenge you to give them a try. You will not be disappointed (and your body will be very happy with you)!  

Original review:
Thrilled to have found a place like yours so close to ASU.  Vegan food that's delicious and local -- with fast and super friendly service.  Not to mention the relaxed outdoor patio seating.  Perfect for my break between classes. I'll be back!
So..the food was VERY good. I really needed to take two stars off for the service. Most of the people there were extremely nice and friendly, but there was one woman who was putting the food together that was so incredibly rude to me. 

The couple before me sampled a couple of foods and the woman was very polite to them, even cracking jokes. She gave them a ton of food and sent them merrily on their way. When it got to my turn, she took her sweet time putting ~15 signs in front of the food and ignoring me, asking me to wait multiple times when I hadn't said anything and was just staring from her to the menu. Then, when she finally decided she was ready for my order, she was really rude and seemed like she was so much better than me. Honestly, all I wanted to do was eat brunch in between my classes and I got that with a side of rude service.

Anyways, on to the food. It is SO good and VERY filling. I got the burrito/wrap thing with cauliflower, quinoa and lettuce. It was delicious and I felt so healthy afterwards. I also got their iced green tea which was also really refreshing. I don't really like tortillas, so next time, I think I'm just going to get the plate where you can get a combination of different things. 

Everything they make is really good and they seem to be passionate about the food and their restaurant. With the exception of this one woman, I really enjoyed Desert Roots Kitchen.
Best meal we've had during our week long vacation.  The wrap was great, potato salad - fantastic, and side of kale - mmm mmm.  We'll be back.
They don't have a huge selection, but what they have is delicious. Got a full wrap (hummus with a lot of veggies) and a side (kale salad) for $10. The staff was very friendly. A tasty, healthy meal that's easy on your wallet... Love it!
Love this place! I feel like I am getting a healthy home cooked meal every time I come here. I love how the menu changes all the time and there is so much variety' Wish there was a location in Scottsdale.
This place is walking distance from my office and I had been curious for sometime. My boss and I went for lunch the other day and it was awesome! We both had a beet salad with almonds, and a kale salad. Great place,  will definitely be returning.
The place certainly lives up to its reviews. I am in town for a triathlon with my teammates and I am the only one that is vegetarian. My carnivorous teammates were raving about the food once we started eating! I would recommend this place to anyone and wish there was a vegan place like this on our college campus.  Unfortunately the website was very vague as far as what was on the daily menu, but I enjoyed the surprise and everything I had in my wrap was delicious.
I wish I had found this place sooner! I've been in Tempe for over a year now and eat out frequently for work, and this is my favorite place! The menu changes daily, and you can choose your own combination of a wrap/half wrap and/or an abundance of sides. The first time I went I didn't know how it all worked and the workers were patient, friendly, and kept giving me spoonfuls of food as they made it to try! Everything was so good and I was thrilled as a vegetarian to have some options in Tempe. My non-vegetarian friends loved it too. You can't go wrong with the amazing food but the quality customer service on top of it all just adds to this place's greatness.
Strong menu selections, albeit few and constantly changing. If you thought you would have never enjoyed eating vegan, think again! Give this awesome place a try!
This place is great. I've absolutely loved everything that I have tried here. The place is hidden so you really have to look for it. It's off Mill but you need to park around the Silvermine/Fuzzys/cafe Boa parking lot and then walk around to find it. I have lived here since 2006, been on Mill a million times, and still had never seen the courtyard this place is in until I went looking for it. Love the blueberry tea! And they let you try samples which is really cool, that way you can test out some of the inventive menu items before you order them. The staff is so nice and welcoming and the menu is super creative, fun, healthy, and delicious. I've recommended this place to so many people and will continue to do so. Well priced too !
I hired Jim to do a dinner party for me at home for 10 people and he was beyond amazing!  He gave me some excellent suggestions for what to serve, did all of the grocery shopping, cooked an amazing meal, my guests kept going into the kitchen to watch him cook and to learn some valuable cooking techniques. He prepared Pasta Alla Chitarra with classic Bolongese Ragu, and beautifully roasted local seasonal vegetables, home made Garlic Bread with an Italian Tort cake for dessert.   The price was very reasonable. My kitchen was spotless by the time he left.  I have already referred him to 3 of my friends and am planning another dinner party where I will be using him for in September.
Just tried your gluten free almond cookies...they were so yummy.   You are ao talented!
We had such a wonderful evening dining at our friends home last night! Chef James truly outdid himself! Our food was absolutely incredible, and he is so pleasant to have in your home while entertaining friends!! Our hosts travel quite a bit with work, so having a chef come and fix such wonderful cuisine in the privacy of their own home was really ideal!!! My husband and I can't wait to do the same thing...Chef James would be the only guy we would call!!!!
Pei Wei is not your typical Chinese restaurant, in fact, they view and market themselves as a Asian Bistro.  So depending on your tastes, you will either enjoy their version of your favorite dish, or not.

We came here last night and ordered a bunch of our favorite dishes and left feeling that there was a new choice in the Northsight corridor. 

The area, for those not familiar with the Raintree exit from 101, is a mixture of Kohls, Walmart, Costco, Whole Food, et cetera; along with some quick food options like NYPD, Paradise Bakery, Al's Beef, Luke's, Asian Island and more.

We came around five-forty or so, and found the seating area full, but with some openings.  Two couples were ahead of us in line, but they had three cashier stations taking orders, so our wait was short.

The three of us ordered, a bowl of the Hot & Sour soup for $4.95; six Pork Egg Rolls for $7.25 to share; a Spicy Korean (Chicken) with noodles for $8.25; Mongolian Chicken with rice for $8.25 and a soft drink for $1.85.  The damage came to $30.55, plus tax.

Now, I've eaten Asian food all over the world and I've never had a Spicy Korean (see photo) before last night. I know my Korean friends and relations would not recognize it as Korean. There is no Bulgogie or Kimchi served at Pei Wei, though the noodles might remind you of Kalgooksoo.  But, the dish was good.  Four star good, as the review indicates.

The Mongolian dish (see photo) is similar to the Garlic and Scallions dish you would find in most Szechuan restaurants.  It's as good as any we've had before. 

The Hot and Sour soup is also a winner and is easily recognizable. What  does  Pei Wei not serve?  Well, General Tao's chicken, pan fried dumplings, the afore mentioned Korean dishes, dim sun, and Pho of any kind.  I could go on.

The food is good, if you look past the name and accept the general Asian-ness of what is being offered. 

One shout-out to Adrian, who acted as the dinning room Server/Clearer. He was great and very responsive in getting additional items for us!

Enjoy!
Nice place to get a quick meal.  My ginger broccoli steak was good.  I like the updated decor at this new location.
Wow pei Wei used to be one of my favorite places to eat. Since then prices have gone up and quality has gone WAY down! My friend accurately described the food as tasting like soap. I literally couldn't finish my meal because it tasted gross and I wasn't totally sure the chicken was thoroughly cooked. On top of that the staff is very depressing and unfriendly. Can't wait for this place to close and be replaced with a good restaurant.
Mongolian Beef  enough said.
When I moved to Phoenix, Pei Wei was one of the first restaurants I went to and one of my go to places for Asian food. However, over the past 7 years, I have found other places I enjoy and would rather dine at. The food is standard and tastes good, but it isn't fantastic. I like that they are doing lunch specials now, so that helps since the portions can be exceedingly large and not great the next day. This location opened up close to work, so it's easily accessible, which is a plus. We came here a few weeks after the grand opening, but it seemed that all the kinks weren't worked out. While waiting in line, there was only one gal on the register and she was ignoring us in favor of folks who just walked in for Take Away. Finally, a Take Away Customer said to her "Aren't you going to help them? They were here first." She glanced at us, then back to the customer and shook her head no before sighing and finally asking us for our order. Not sure what that was about, but I think they need more employees on the registers, especially at lunch time.
What can I say about Pei Wei.  I am kinda pissed that they moved from Fountain Hills to the new location.  The old location was closer to my house.  The new building is very nice though, and it was designed for speed.  They have lots of people working, and lots of registers.  The food at all Pei Wei locations is the same as far as I know.  I really like their food and the concept.
I didn't think I could be so turned off from a place I was so looking forward to.  Let me first say I'm a fan of Pei Wei but not this location.  The newness of this location has me expecting some serious wait times and I am okay with that.  What I am NOT okay with is the girl taking my order who is so wonderfully adorned with hickies the size of silver dollars all of her neck and also the attitude that I am bothering her by having her take my order AKA her JOB! Apparently there was a 45 minute "to go" wait that she decided to not tell me about when ordering (the restaurant itself was relatively empty so I would not have come upon this conclusion otherwise).  When I asked after 20 minutes of waiting where my food was, I was laughed at and told my someone who just got done blowing their nose and NOT washing their hands that it would be another 20-25 minutes. Appalled and disgusted.  This location and Pei Wei in general might lose my years of business because of poor management.  Don't waste your time.
Great lunch spot. They operate with a sense of urgency. The food quality is always high. The have the fancy coke machine. Stop reading go there for lunch.
I have a love/hate relationship with the Pei Wei chain. Before this place opened I would go to the Gainey Ranch location because I love their patio and when the food was right it was all good relaxing on the patio. But I discovered that they were inconsistent where sometimes I would like their food and other times I wouldn't like it. 

So the wife thought it would be a good idea to abandon our normal Chinese place to try Pei Wei during their first week of operation. They had about 10 cooks woking up a storm and unfortunately I drew the short straw when it came to picking the cook to make my dinner. The meat was tough and inedible. I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore. 

Luckily I was able to crawl back to our Chinese place and let them know that they didn't have to worry about Pei Wei taking away any of their customers.
Been to two of their locations ........ The closed Fountain Hills ...... Which was terrible.

                 AND This One ........ Which Thus Far Is .........TERIFFIC

The staff at the ordering counter were competent and loudly repeated back your order to avoid errors.

The food quality ....... was outstanding.
The Taste .......... of our chicken dish was Delicious.
The Other Entree .......... was a Steak dish which was also Enjoyed.
Great prices for the food. Love the online ordering
The food was good. Excellent egg rolls, wonderful hot and sour soup, good pad Thai. However, service was slow and the noise level was harsh. We would get take out from her but would not come back to eat here.
I've only been here once so my review is probably not worth much but I thought the food was really salty. That's probably why I haven't been back since. 

The restaurant is nice though, service is good, and easy to find.
I'm pretty sure this pei wei was built for the good employees of Vanguard.

Went here for a quick lunch with sister, the place was busy which was nice. The only thing that wasn't nice was how incredibly loud it was inside. I could barely hear my sister talking from across the table, but I could definitely hear all the financial complaints from fellow financial service employees.

The food left a bit to be desired. O ordered my usual orange peel chicken, but what I ended up with was something along the lines of orange peel and vegetables. Maybe 4 pieces of chicken. Really?

The service was quick, but not friendly. The drink station was a mess. Probably won't be re visiting.
Great Chinese chicken salad. Good value for the money.
Except for the awkward and somewhat confusing "Order upon entry" setup they have, very impressed with the food quality / taste and beverage selection... A tad noisy due to the open layout, but nothing to prevent me from returning for another round of Asian deliciousness!
I visited Pei Wei for the first time last Sunday.  We told the cashier it was our first time visiting and she was very helpful.
I loved the fountain drink machine.  The carbonation was good and they have pretty much any kind of soda you could want, including some I didn't even know existed.
I ordered a combo plate which was a smaller portion and included a starter.  I went with the Hot and Sour soup which is normally a favorite of mine, and we started with some Crab Wontons.
The flavor of the soup was good, but the consistency was much too thick for my palette, almost like a gravy vs a soup.  I would not order it again.
The crab wontons were good, had a lot of crab flavor and were presented sitting in a chili type of sweet and sour sauce.  I enjoyed them but some people might now like the wontons swimming in that sauce.
My mongolian beef was delicious, and my boyfriend ordered a thai coconut chicken which also had a great flavor.  
With the exception of the soup, all the rest of our food was fresh and very flavorful.  I also felt that the value for the money was superb.  I will definitely be going back there.
Unlike other reviewers, I always had a great meal and experience at the Fountain Hills location.  However, this location is TERRIBLE!!  The ordering set up stinks, people try to cut in front of you and the staff doesn't care.  Our food all came out at different times.  The Server had a very uncaring attitude.  The rice wasn't cooked all the way.  I was not happy and thinking twice about ever coming back.
We now drive from fountain hills to Raintree Pei Wei...yes it is often crowded but having eaten at Pei Wei at least 200 times the food is consistently greAt!  We love the Mongolian Beef, the spicy chicken salad which has loads of chicken, the lettuce wraps, and the teriyaki bowls.
I really enjoyed Pei Wei. It is owned by the same ppl who own P.F.Changs- just not as pricey. I got a honey chicken dish and white rice. It was great! Can't wait to go back.
This was my first visit to this location that just opened up. Upon walking in, you can tell this restaurant is new as it is oh so clean. The decor is awesome and the atmosphere is great! Above the registers the menu is projected on large, easy to read screens. 

As for the food, I ordered the broccoli & ginger tofu w/ brown rice. I couldn't believe how delicious it was. It was the perfect sized portion and left me satisfied. Bravo to the chefs at this location! 

The place was immaculate!
I get take out from here 2-3 times a month and it's always right. I've never had a problem. 

Today was the first time I placed the order in store, usually it's done online. I expected a horrible wait but I was in and out in 10 min with my lunch. 


Awesome food and awesome service!
Love the soda machine. The egg rolls are pretty good too. Mostly this place is mediocre with the coolest soda machine ever. 
Plenty of the kids who work the register are inept too.
This evening my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some takeout on our way home from Christmas shopping. We walked in the takeout door into a chaotic mess. After 10 minutes of waiting in "line," we were finally greeted at the register. I say "line" because it was really more of a cluster of customers being randomly waited on by one of four confused Pei Wei employees.  While attempting to place our order, I repeated "chicken" about four times because the young man questioned what kind of protein I wanted in my "kung pao chicken." Um, chicken in my kung pao chicken please. When my boyfriend attempted to order his spicy Korean steak, the young man spaced out and could not comprehend "steak." "Steak? What do you mean, steak?" A young woman walked over and scolded, er, showed him how to enter the entree. "He wants steak!" Young man: "He didn't specify that!" Young woman to my boyfriend: "It helps if you order backwards from the order of the menu." After the awkwardness settled, the two employees then parted ways from the register and left us unable to complete our order. They both continued to wait on other patrons in the "line" and completely ignored my question of "Um, can we complete our order?" We stood there as I glared at any employee who even slightly made eye contact. Still nothing. We left. The restaurant business is too competitive for this location to operate in such a terrible way.
Everyone here was really nice. I got the Thai Dynamite with steamed chicken. The flavors were good, after adding a bit of the spicy red sauce. The only problem was that the chicken was definitely undercooked. Luckily I noticed this right away so I just threw the chicken pieces into a dry fry pan and cooked them a bit longer. Not something you really want to be bothering with when you get convenience takeout. That said, I would go back, but just ask them to cook the protein longer.
Great Chinese food. Great atmosphere and good portions. I'm so glad there is one up north now in the rain tree/101 shopping center hell.
This particular location is pretty busy most of the time.  It is located within a shopping complex that in itself is busy regularly as well.  We stopped here for dinner before seeing a movie in the area, and although there was a line, it moved pretty quickly.

I had the Mongolian Beef - which is my typical order when we come here.  We also tried out the pot stickers, which were not as good as the ones at PF Changs.  Probably wouldn't order those again, but the spring rolls are a good substitute. The beef was cooked well and we enjoyed the extra sauce the server brought over to us.

Overall: B+
Busy location, but with friendly staff and pretty quick food service it's not a bad stop off.
First time here.  They have light choices & you can customize your dish!  Lots of spicy sauce  & protein choices!  Something for everyone in your group!  I ordered steamed veggies with tofu and brown rice and it was not only delicious but healthy too!  The veggies were cooked just right, still crunchy and yet soft enough???  The broccoli sauce that accompanied the veggies had some broccoli stalks and light and not too salty, slight thickened and browned with soy sauce.  For what I paid, around $8.00, I had a nice hearty healthy meal and I could eat only half of it so I will eat it again tomorrow for lunch!
We go to the Grayhawk location every week and they do a better job cooking and have better customer service! We had to visit this location for convenience and we're extremely disappointed in the way our food tasted. Not sure why there is a huge discrepancy in the taste between the two locations but I'll drive an extra 15 minutes for better tasting food! Also, sat down on the bench with my toddler and the cushion was sliding out to the point where we would fall out of our seats! When I mentioned it to the bus girl she said it's because they use it as storage and someone probably hadn't closed it correctly! Um OK. Lol
Great convenient location for my favorite Asian food. The food is generally good the only thing negative I have to say is sometimes the tofu can come out soggy but most of the time it is crisp and delicious. My favorite dish is the sesame chicken with fried rice. The staff here is always friendly and they have freestyle coca cola machines at this location! Would recommend for anyone looking for fast, fresh, and tasty Asian food.
The food at Pei Wei is very good, especially for the money spent; this restaurant lacks acoustics within the restaurant, very difficult to have a conversation. Con: tables are never cleaned and set up properly!  Food gets a FIVE; Cleanliness gets a ONE.
Being owned by PF Chang's, I was really expecting to be wowed. Unfortunately this was not the case. I ordered the Spicy Korean Chicken, a cup of Hot and Sour Soup, and a drink. While the food was cooked perfectly there really was no flavor at all. The soup tasted like a beef broth made with buillion cubes without a single hint of sour or spice. The Spicy Korean Chicken was moist, but unless your idea of spicy is black pepper your out of luck. Yes, I know you can add some spice after the fact but when you order something spicy you expect SOME form of heat. Overall, it was not worth my $12 for lunch. I will give it another shot as I know this may have been a one off, but right now I'd rather eat at Panda Express.
I absolutely love Pei Wei but tonight I ordered a salad & a children's meal over the phone at 6:03 & I literally didn't have my salad in hand until 7:04... The place was crazy busy and everyone seemed so frazzled! It seems that when you cant get anyone's attention, they are most likely understaffed..  
While waiting outside with my son for about 30 minutes I learned from another angry guest waiting that they had a coupon out that expires today.. Cool, I get it, but please staff accordingly at times like this.. A lot of people seemed very very frustrated and if they hadn't already paid, people talked about how they would've just left (I may have too considering I order take out because I have a two year old & it is usually more convenient, but in this case I waited over 30 minutes after it should have already been done)..
I love your place, so Im just trying to give management some feedback on how the night was tonight.
Wait was far too long. After about 25 minutes they brought out the food, not only was it cold and undercooked but it was the wrong order. Won't be going back.
Never had a bad meal at Pei Wei. If you like spicy, ask for extra spicy. More spicy? Ask for extra, extra spicy.

I recommend the mandarin kung pow.  Get a spring roll with sweet chili sauce too.

They are very accompanying with special requests. Always tasty!
We've been here a few times for an early lunch or an early dinner before heading to a movie. Decent location for the chain with the typical offerings. The parking lot here can be a little tricky with it being inside of a fairly busy complex - so I recommend coming here at off times instead of trying to be a part of the lunch rush. 

The staff is always friendly and the food comes out hot and as ordered each time. They seem to be able to keep up with the rushes by keeping the tables clean and ready for the next guest, which is always nice. A fair number of people seem to get to-go from here, which may be due to all of the local businesses in the area and people wanting to take their meals back to the office, which means that there are almost always seats available in the main area, despite the number of cars outside.  

Definitely a place we'll hit up again for a quick bite.
Who needs to "yelp" Pei Wei, right?  Right.  However, this review is about this particular location.  I work right down the street and have experienced this store so many different ways now that I had to write a review.  Our company has pre-ordered off of the catering menu here; a large and complicated order - but everything was perfect.  I've come into this store with "free meal" coupons, pre-ordered online and picked up food, etc., and received professional, friendly, really outstanding service every time.  How many other restaurants call you to see how your order was today?  I find their staff very sharp and helpful.  Yes, they do get extremely busy at this location, but I have yet to see any staff members look frazzled or unprepared.  They are really on top of it here.  This is a five star Pei Wei, if that makes sense. :)
I haven't been to Pei Wei in a couple years and it sounded good. We came during the lunch rush and it was crazy!

After 20 minutes in line we were able to order our food. The woman behind the counter could hardly hear us. I felt like I was screaming my order at her. After placing our order we found a place to sit down. With how busy it was the tables were being cleared very fast which was nice.

The food took quite awhile to come out and after standing in line for so long I was about to eat the silverware and napkins sitting in front of me. 

If you want to have a conversation during your meal I suggest you bring an old fashioned ear trumpet horn so your companion can shout into one end and you can listen on the other end. It was LOUD in there. 

I ordered the Mongolian Steak with brown rice. I really liked the brown rice. The meat was a little chewy and heavy on the sauce. 

Overall I would like to try more items off their menu, however I think I will call ahead and pick up.
I really enjoy Pei Wei and will continue to eat here. I find it is better to stick with what you like when ordering however. I went for lunch over the weekend, and my girlfriend and I both tried something new. We were both disappointed with our meals, especially because they were both too heavy on the sauce. The staff was friendly and the food came out quick. I still plan to attend and stick with the healthy options they offer on the menu.
Wide variety of Asian styles.  Service experience at this location varies widely during lunch.  Food is consistent.  Patio great during day, impossible at dusk.
I like to eat here every now and then. The Mongolian beef is one of my favorites. Prices are reasonable.
A lot of people working, but seemed no one was in charge.  Place only had 5 sets of customers, yet took forever to get our meals.  Staff used rags to wipe tables to hold our plates.  One employee kept wiping her nose with her finger over and over.  I wonder if she has a food handlers card.
The positives:  Clean, courteous staff, food tastes good (independent of temperature)

The negative:  My rice is always room temperature.  I order the Mongolian Beef and my rice always comes room temperature yet the Mongolian Beef is very hot.  This isn't just a one-time occurrence, but an every-time occurrence.  I complained once and their response was just to give us a free coupon (that my wife lost) for some lettuce wraps.  I know the issue is that they put the rice on the plate early and wait for the Mongolian Beef to cook.  They need to put the rice on the plate when the Mongolian Beef is ready, not several minutes before.  I've told them this but they don't adjust their process.

My wife likes eating here because she orders something that isn't screwed up every time.
Well, if you liked this place when it was Picazzo's then you'll like it now.  Pretty much everything is the same - the setting, menu (still using local, organic ingredients), gluten free options, etc.

AND they still have the Puttanesca pizza!!  (Just found out that "Spaghetti alla puttanesca"  literally translates to "whore's style spaghetti" in Italian...)

This place actually switched ownership and continued under the Picazzo's name for about 9 months before the name change to Buon Gusto.

Decent beer selection with Santan Brewing on tap, which is cool, wish they also had Four Peaks....


This next part is from my 12 YO son, who drafted it on my phone while at the restaurant.
He was pretty happy after having some cheese bread, pizza and the chocolate brownie with vanilla bean ice cream  : )

Vary Nice menu. Good service with nice waiters and waitresses.
Smells amazing and fresh. Locally sourced organic ingredients.  BEST FOOD IN TEMPE!!
check out our previous reviews under Picazzo's -- Tempe. Same basic menu, same great pizza. A few snags on the service/take out side that never got fixed during the transition, but is still one of our fave hangouts, and even nicer that I can take my gluten free friends and we each get to enjoy.

however, still take issue with the name of the puttanesca pizza. still my fave flavor, but given that puttanesca is anchovies, garlic, tomato, capers and olives, it has very little resemblance to this artichoke, feta, olive slice.
Nice weather, we gotta sit outdoors!  My friends are already here and waiting.  The server must have been looking out, she came out to greet the new people.  She took our drink orders quick.  The menu looks the same as Picazzo's.  I get my usual, 2 slice of pepperoni.  The pizza is good, thin crust, a little soggier than I would like it.  This place is a good alternative for one of my friend that has a gluten allergy.
Had an amazing Dinner at Buon Gusto this evening.  The Spinach dip is amazing--and GLUTEN Free!!!! The Pizza is always perfect and the new Chocolate Tart was out of this world.  This is one of your favorite places--Great food--Outstanding Service always makes it a hit!!!
The best restaurant for gluten free.  I feel "normal" when I eat there.  The pizza is great, the gluten free flatbreat and garlic bread are also both really really good.  My roommate who is not gluten intolerant also really enjoys eating there with me.  Appetizers are half priced at happy hour, and the wings, caprese, spinach dip, are my favorites, but there's a lot more.  But the best part is actually having the option of gluten free pasta.  I've been going there since it opened as picazzos, it was good, Buon Gusto is so much better.
Buon Gusto has been one of our "go to" places since before they got their new name.  I especially like the kale salad, not something you can get just anywhere.  Their pizza is great, with a wide variety of toppings.  You can't go wrong with the caramelized onion and fennel sausage.  Service is always good.
Great food, not super heavy like most Italian foods,. There are plenty of healthy options as well as traditional items. Service was great, and they have a great happy hour with 1/2 price apps and low priced drinks. San Tan beers available too.
GLUTEN FREE PARADISE!   This place doesn't have just small a gluten free menu...it literally can substitute almost anything on the menu into G-Free.  From what I could tell the ravioli and lasagna were the only two things I couldn't accommodate.  Nice ambiance, the food was pretty good, and it was clean, which is an important factor for me.  The food came out very quickly as well, however it was lunch time and not very busy.  I will definitely be back...if not for anything then the fact that for a change I can look at an entire menu!
I'm always looking for a new spot for lunch and I pass this place nearly every day on my way to work so I thought "why not?" Upon entering the restaurant I was immediately greeted by a hostess. I chose to sit at the bar since I was dinning alone. The restaurant is very clean, modern and inviting- honestly it was much nicer than what I was expecting. I love places that pay attention to detail (the ceiling had very ornate molded tiles!). Initially, I ordered the "medium" Italian Chopped Salad as my lunch entre but the server alerted me that the portions were very huge since they were meant to be shared so instead I got the "small" portion for $6.95.  Let me tell you the "small" was more than enough for me! The salad itself was well dressed and perfectly balanced, I enjoyed every bite (I wish I had a breadstick to compliment it!). I can't wait to go back to try their pizzas and pastas.  The service was a little slow, but you can expect a quality meal.
This is our favorite local restaurant!! Delicious, healthy, guilt-free yet still yummy, dinner!! We love it here. Great service is a definite bonus!!

My husband and daughter are gluten-free and the GF pizza and pasta here is the best we've found in our area. The crutons, meatballs, and breadsticks are all a bonus! The "regular" pizza is good too.

The salads? They're wonderful!! And organic!! Huge portion too. I love the Berry one and the Chopped Italian!! Yum!

And dessert? A GF cookie baked and served warm w. ice cream? YAY!!
It really is the same as Picazzo -- Really good happy hour and GREAT for the gluten free population and the people who love them...
Buon Gusto Gourmet Pizzas & Salads is what remains from the falling out with the Picazzo's chain.  The devotion to local, organic foods remains.  Frequent deals arriving in my inbox remain.  But my two favorite pizzas are dead.  I don't know if they were nixed by Picazzo's or Buon Gusto, but I loved those pizzas.  The first casualty was called something like the Chipotle Barbacoa.  It is the best pizza I have ever had.  It had barbacoa meat on top with some sort of cheese sauce that may have involved chipotles.  It was topped with jalapenos.  This pizza was actually spicy.  Not restaurant spicy, but actually spicy.  The next casualty was originally called That's Italian and then later renamed Spicy Italian.  It consisted of the combination of pepperoni and salami.  And it had this delicious tapenade with olives and carrots.  That's right, carrots.  I told my dad that the tapenade had carrots, and he didn't believe it.  He still had trouble believing it when I pointed out the carrots to him on our next visit.  May they rest in peace.  At this point, I'm just not excited by what remains on the menu.  Everything is good.  My daughter gets her usual mushroom and cheese pizza.  On our last visit, my wife confided to me that her favorite pizza was also deceased, and she is also no longer excited about Buon Gusto.  Now I know why we go less frequently.
Remarkable pizza and salad. We visited from San Antonio, TX and my in-laws recommended Buon Gusto. All 7 of us went, 4 adults and 3 kids and the kids all said it was the best pizza they have ever had. It was very good pizza. Service was great. All fresh, organic and the right temperature.
Great food and service. My friend and I decided to try this place after all the great reviews. We had the spinach and artichoke dip, the pear and Gorgonzola salad and the puttanesca pizza. Everything was delicious!
THE BEST GF PIZZA in TOWN! We have been taking out  their GF pizza for 3 years! Since my little boy has been diagnosed with Celiac Buon Gusto formerly Picazzos has been a life saver. We like the staff, they are all friendly and very caring. 

We order their GF pizza at least once-twice a week.

Their regular pizza is good too. Their salads are goo, the broccolini is great.  They use very fresh ingredients. The food is a bit pricey but you can taste the quality. 

The only thing they could improve is the GF noodles. My son will not eat their GF noodles, they just need a better one. 

Their food is overall very good quality and tasty. Everything is organic so it's a bit more expensive but worth it. 

The portions are just right, not super big but not too small. 

The place itself is nice enough and the staff is super!

I just love them for going the extra mile to always accommodate my son. My son has Celiac and Autism so it's really hard to find food he loves. We love that we have something good/healthy so close to home. 

I recommend them to all of my friends w/ Celiac or allergies.
I have been in USA for 13 years. I can guarantee you that this place has the BEST
pizza I have ever eaten! If you are new here. Definitely try the "Every bit of everything" pizza.

If you order a medium up size pizza you can have them split the pizza into two gourmet choices. 

Aside from Pizza, definitely try out the Kale salad. It's to kill for! 
Their salad portion is huge. A small salad is totally enough to split for two people as appetizer. So don't over order it! Trust me on this one!
I like that the menu offers a variety of organic options. The pizza was better than most but still doesn't make it on my top 10. The service was fine but not great and I went in during a very slow time with my six year old. From where we were sitting we could see the bartender kissing a female patron, which I found very unprofessional. Overall it was neither very good nor very bad.
Great service, and good food. They have one of the best gluten free menus that i have yet to see!!! A little pricey however.  If you're an onion lover, they have terrific caramelized onions.
Best place for pizza as a dairy free, gluten free person. The one time my mother and I had an issue with service - our waitress forgot to bring buffalo sauce until after we finished eating and we couldn't find her while we were eating - we received a free dessert without asking. They are very quick with take-out too. And their happy hour is amazing!
What can I say . . . but this place ROCKS . . . Went for lunch with a co-worker after we decided we wanted a healthy lunch.  For being healthy . . . it sure was good.

First . . . we were greeted as soon as we walk in the door and taken to a table . . . our waitress followed shortly and took our drink order, and asked if we had any questions about the menu.

She returned with our drinks and look our order after explaining the different pizza crust.

Second . . . the salad arrived . . . I ordered the Greeek Salad and I was perfect . . . about three quarters of the way through my salad the pizza arrived . . . Nonna's Favorite . . . perfectly timed . . . first bite . . . wishing I had now ordered a larger pizza . . . it was out of this world . . . and who knew that a gluten-free crust would be so tasty.

I will definately be back . . . after all . . . I have 44 co-workers . . . and if I bring them one at a time . . . that means . . . at least 43 more trips . . . YEAH.
Gluten Free is what I have to be!

I used to come here when it was part of Picazzo's....it has changed a little bit but the food and service remain good.  I love their pizza crust which seems just as it was before the name change!  Best crust ever!

The Pasta is good as well.  And my niece ate eggplant, which if you knew her you would agree was a challenge to get her to do and she LOVED it!

The open faced sandwich I had was okay but really needs a top piece of gf bread but otherwise I am always happy here.  It's my gluten free go to on the south end!

Very clean building!
Very good pizza. The garlic crust is fabulous. We also had a meatball appetizer, which had amazing sauce!
I am not a fan of the taste of the gluten free bread but everything else is just fabulous!
Buon Gusto has closed as of August 31, 2013.  It has been announce that it will reopen a Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen in early October.
After they changed back to Picazzos Pizza, their prices went up, the service went down and the food is not the same. So sad, as we used to love this place. Specially my son with Celiac. :(
Very impressed with the new Proof Canteen.  Excellent menu, fair prices and good service.  My wife and I both enjoyed our choices for dinner. The only negative was that it was very noisy during the dinner hour.
How refreshing to have a good old fashioned American style restaurant in the area!  From traditional milkshake making machines to a soda jerk station & drink menus inside of a license plate jacket...the focus is definitely on an American theme. I ordered a Shrimp Pop' Boy sandwich which included more than enough shrimp on a delightfully fresh baguette & a mixed green salad.  The wait staff is still clearly learning the ropes, but very service oriented & eager to please.  Hubby ordered the pulled pork sandwich & requested gluten free bread with hand cut fries.  He almost licked his plate!  The French fries were to die for...wish I had ordered them instead of the mixed green salad!  OK, the prices are a little higher than some place like Red Robin, but they use the freshest, locally made ingredients & make their own ice cream, which isn't full of stabilizers & other crap. Plus, it IS part of the Four Seasons resort, so one would expect the the prices & quality to be higher, both successfully accomplished!  I was given a sample of their home made peppermint patty, which is used in some of their desserts...I thought I had died & gone to heaven!  The chocolate was divine & the filling was lovely & creamy.  I suggested they just add a plate of those to their menu, for folks who were too full to consume a milkshake...hope they do!  I will definitely be back & am anxious to try the lobster roll!
Remarkable updated and cool. 
Delicious foods (save room for dessert) dozens of craft beers loads of TV's for sports fans but best of all Four Seasons Service. Try it. It's an amazing evolution from the prior Grill.
Subpar! Feels like a Cracker Barrel that serves dinner. Not worth $. Menu was POORLY executed! Sounded good on paper (& that's a stretch) tasted horrid!  I would expect better from a Four Seasons...
Although a chilly evening, patio dining was perfectly comfortable with electric heaters strategically placed in the ceiling above. Oversized scarves/wraps were available if necessary. Love that extra touch! 

Appetizers:  Fried Green Tomatoes w/ Crab Remoulade and BBQ Rib Bites. The tomatoes were heirloom which I think stood up well to the cornmeal and frying. The flavors were great, but I think the portion size was a little on the skimpy side. Definitely wasn't large enough to share alone. The rib bites were served in a small cast iron skillet. These babies were fall-off-the-bone tender and very flavorful. I had to hold back to save room for dinner! 

Dinner: I ordered the Chicken And Waffles w/ Bacon Brittle, Peach Bourbon Syrup, Cayenne Maple Butter. 

Let me just say...I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to chicken and waffles...and Chef Jesse got it right on the money!! If you prefer BONELESS fried chicken on a BELGIAN waffle...go elsewhere for the Gringo version. But if you want an AUTHENTIC Southern preparation and flavors with an updated twist, this is the place!

The chicken had a substantial, crispy batter and the meat was juicy and tender on the inside. It was served on top of a large, thin & tender waffle. But what made this dish extra special (can I underline extra special?) was the bacon brittle garnish and the cayenne maple butter. The cayenne butter replaced the hot sauce that I would have normally requested. It was buttery, spicy and perfectly balanced to the sweet bourbon syrup. And since I was going all out- I ordered the ham hock southern greens on the side. They were smokey, tender and very flavorful. I would have preferred a TAD bit of pot liquor though. "Pot liquor" is the seasoned liquid left after boiling greens. Otherwise, I was impressed Chef Jesse! Very impressed! 

My colleague ordered the Blackened Salmon with Mixed Greens and Crispy Grit Croutons. In case you don't know what grits are, its just hominy. Sister to polenta. How cool of the Chef to make croutons out of it. Wow! I didn't try this dish personally, but let's just say he practically licked the plate. 

Wine: Try the 2009 Iconoclast Cabernet. Great value by the bottle and incredibly smooth. 

Desert: Spiked Root Beer Float. To my surprise, it was served with big nut-less brownie bites on top. Took me back to being a kid! 

I thought the atmosphere was warm and inviting...buzzing even. It was family and group friendly. The server's uniforms were attractive and the service was very friendly. 

Enjoy!
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out last Sunday. We had been up to Four Seasons before to check out the view and get some drinks, and we liked it, so when we heard about Proof opening there, we wanted to go check it out. We liked it except for the prices. They had a great bottle selection, and an ok tap list (although I was disappointed the beer I ordered on tap had been replace with something else). My boyfriend was impressed that they had Pappy Van Winkle available. The food was really yummy, and we were able to order a Monte Cristo for brunch and split it and it was plenty of food. They even split it on two plates for us (great presentation!). However, we couldn't believe that when we ordered their donut holes - we only got 3 donut holes for $8! What a rip-off. Good food, decent beer selection, but definitely overpriced for what you get. Also, parking was very confusing. It's quite a hike if you park in the lot, but you can valet and I think we accidentally parked in the valet lot.
Nobody is sadder than I am to say "so-so", or as Yelp so eloquently puts it, Meh. Had an early lunch there; few vegetarian items to choose from on the cheesy menu (everything has some cutesy name). The veggie sandwich came on unbilled, unmentioned rye bread. Yuck! My husband's meat burger came with bacon, which was mentioned on the menu, but the surprise was that the bacon was breaded (think fried green tomatoes, or tempura). Weird. However, the chips that came with the sandwich were great. Yes, the best part of my Four Seasons lunch was the chips. Also, my chair was stained with red wine (and again, I was there at lunch, so this must have happened last night), yuck, and the server was all about the hard upsell.  Wouldn't go back, and am pleased that at least I got to use a gift card instead of our own hard earned cash.
Went to Proof in the Four Seasons last night for the first time. It is billed as a "canteen" with comfort food from America. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. Great selection of craft beers. The menu is most eclectic with selections that include AZ Gumbo, Beer Can Chicken, and Chicken and Waffles. While the food is interesting some of the mixtures seemed forced.
Epic about sums it up. This is the more casual restaurant at The Four Seasons resort. The views of Pinnacle Peak are unmatched and the food is also incredible. The burger is simply off the charts. but then again, with deep fried Nueske bacon and bourbon molasses carmelized onions how can you wrong?
I liked it.  The breakfast buffet is awesome and the blood mary isn't to shabby either.  If you're in the area go check it out, it has a nice selection of food, a great bar and an unbeatable ambiance courtesy of the surrounding mesas and beautiful desert landscaping.

The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I think it's a bit over priced.  I understand it's at the Four Seasons but even so, the food itself is pricey.
This restaurant is awesome. We live in the neighborhood  and go there 2x weekly. The food is delicious....service is really great..we're regulars of course And they treat us that way!  Try the ginger mule drink and you'll have 2 or 3! We've had everything on the menu and you can't go wrong.  We take guests all the time and they love the patio and views.  The old restaurant here was bad...very bad, but Proof is a hit.
Bacon Carmel Spiced Popcorn and Chicken & Waffles (split it)...simply awesome!  And John behind the bar knows his stuff and feel free to let him choose your flavors.
An awesome kid friendly atmosphere, amazingly friendly and considerate staff and delicious food to boot make this place a wonderful edition to this beautiful resort!

My husband, one year old, and I are vacationing here for my birthday and last night we had a scrumptious birthday dinner with a special dish prepared by Chef Jesse for my vegan husband which was divine!

If you want a relaxing, upscale atmosphere with accommodating staff and great food definitely come here!
Great kids menu!
Great service, great food with wonderful ambiance. We have eaten breakfast and dinner there several times. If you let them know you are local you can get a frequent flyer card. On your 5th visit you get a free entry. Can't go wrong. For breakfast,  try the chocolate bacon waffles. They are to die for! Dinner we have had the meatloaf which is great. The burgers are terrific and  a definite yes! on the chicken and waffles. If you order the duck fat French fries make sure you are sharing with a huge group. Delicious but so filling because you have to save room for their desserts made with home made ice cream.
Had a wonderful Friday night meal seated at the corner of the lower patio overlooking the resort, mountains, and city lights to the south. The service was spot on, very helpful, and I plan on returning many times in the future
I see why people who are not staying at the hotel come here to eat.  The food is very tasty as are the Moscow Mules.  The cheesesteak is very tasty.  The onion rings have to much breading for me, but to hers int he party liked them.  Got a side of the BBQ blue-cheese which was pretty fantastic.  They also have a pretty stealer beer menu, mostly local, but good. Tried my wife's burger, just a standard Burger, but one the the best I have ever had.  Service was friendly and very accommodating.  Look forward to returning next time I am in Scottsdale.
My family and I celebrated my birthday here based off the recommendation of a friend and from reading these reviews.  We all started off with the lavender Moscow Mules and that got the evening off to a great start.  Everyone seemed to love their meal.  My wife is very health conscious and had the wedge salad and Seafood Coioppino and loved it.  I had the beer can chicken and thought it was great.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  I think the best meal out of the group was the chicken and waffles.  You could smell it from across the room and it was DELICIOUS!  They even included some maple bacon brittle that blew me away.  We all finished off with "Mom's Cheesecake" and of course it was awesome too.

The decor of the place was really cool.  Lots of antiques and it is kind of set up like a an old fashioned soda shop.  The crowd was a mix of young and old and there were even a couple of families with small kids there as well.  The place wasn't at all "stuffy" and the staff was always friendly and willing to help.  

We'll definitely be back!
While searching for a wedding venue, my fiance and I had lunch and later returned to grab drinks under the stars.  The views capture the best of Arizona -- bright stars, shadows of cacti, serenity, and the red/orange/yellow sky.  

I thoroughly enjoyed the GRILLED PEAR & ARUGULA SALAD.  "A quercia prosciutto crisps" .... amazing addition to the salad.
Very well done restaurant in an appropriate, non-corny Western theme. 

They have a very attractive breakfast/brunch menu selection. I, personally, had a fried egg and Turkey Sausage (which was amaze-balls). Try the freshly-squeezed OJ Mimosa - I promise it won't disappoint!

Service couldn't had been any better - staff was quick and courteous!

Only draw-back was the cloudy weather yesterday which compromised the spectacular view from patio.

Great place to take out-of-town guests.
Visited Proof for a weekend breakfast for something new. The experience was a huge disappointment. I have to say the staff was attentive and very polite, but that's where anything good ended. The brunch buffet was recommended and wasn't on the menu, so we tried it. The buffet turned out to be what I might expect at Denny's, but not quite that good. A crowed omelette station and the normal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, with a couple other items. I had an omelette with bacon and sausage. All were mediocre at best. The biggest disappointment was when I got the check. $71. For two buffets that could be gotten anywhere for under twenty dollars. After I picked myself off the floor and paid the bill, I vowed to scratch Proof off the list from any future visits.
Come for the food, but stay for her hospitality.
If you live in the area and haven't been to Proof yet, you are missing out big time. The space is fun and relaxed, the staff is incredible, and the food is absolutely AMAZING. The chicken and waffles were by far the best I have ever had. EVER. The chicken was extremely juicy throughout, and had an incredible flavor. The dish is served with peach bourbon syrup, cayenne maple butter and.... Bacon Brittle!! This is definitely the standard by which all future chicken and waffles will be held. If you are dining in the evening, definitely grab a seat outside. The sunsets here are fantastic, and definitely add to the whole experience. In my opinion, what really makes or breaks any restaurant is the staff. And I must say that this place has the right staff to really round out the whole dining experience. If you come by Proof, please ask for Abrielle. She is by far the best restaurant staff member I have ever had the privilege of  encountering. She has an amazing and welcoming personality that wins you over at 'hello'.  I hope the team at Proof realizes how fantastic Abrielle is. Don't miss out on Proof!

P.S.
Try the BBQ bites. Tender BBQ ribs in a house made Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce!!! Game changer!
Wow...was this place well done - I would like to hire this designer because they hit the nail on the head!

I could hang out at Proof every single day...beautiful inside and a nice patio too.  The pretzels were to die for and the drinks were amazing.  We checked out the menu and definitely want to come back and dine here as well.

The bartender was amazing and made the visit even more enjoyable - thanks for a great experience!
We went to Proof to have dinner. I cannot express how good the service, food and desserts were. My husband had their burger, We Have the Best Burger with a side of onion rings, I had their Chicken and Waffles and our son had mac and cheese, fries, fresh fruit (kids under 4 eat free with a paying adult!!!). Let me tell you, this was SO GOOD. Everything was just above and beyond good. The chicken was fried perfectly, the waffles were a good contrast to the saltiness of the chicken, the mac and cheese was delectable, the fries were seasoned to perfection, onion rings were yummy (a little too much batter) and my husband finished his burger without a sound, so I'm assuming he loved it! 

We also had dessert at their ice cream parlor. They make their own ice creams and baked goods!!! Again we were impressed! 

Our waitress was so gracious and kind, I wish I had gotten her name! Also, the manager came up to our table various times and talked to our son, asking him abt his Cars, knew the names of Lightening McQueen and Mater!
An enticing picture of chicken and waffles with bacon brittle in Phoenix Magazine craft-fully drew me into this Proof Canteen. To my dismay, however, the chicken and waffles are unavailable at breakfast or brunch. It's a dinner menu item!! I was so distraught. I didn't know what to do...

The cute waitress calmed my fears and suggested still getting their signature chocolate bacon brittle waffles OR the huevos rancheros. Well, you didn't have to ask me twice, huevos rancheros always wins me over in the end. Served in a cast iron skillet, and spicy to perfection, my tastes were definitely satiated. What is spicy to "perfection," you ask? In my book, since we all have different tolerances for how hot food can be, I would describe it as right to the point when your tongue "begs for mercy," the burning stops and a small sip of water cools just enough to take another bite.

My friend, who is on that Paleo diet, ordered a make your own omelet and with a side of asparagus which she thoroughly enjoyed. The more hilarious part is she could not resist the temptation to order a side of blue corn meal pancakes with ricotta mixed in the batter topped with blueberries and lemon zest peels. She could not help but also enjoy an official Proof Bloody Mary along with me. It wasn't hard to convince her that it'd be a great Tom Thumb Trailhead hike post workout meal. 

Perhaps it'll become our tradition to come here after every hike! I wonder if I could convince Proof to make chicken and waffles a breakfast item as well if we go there enough...
Yum yum yum!!!!  Love this restaurant. Great beers on tap-great drinks and the food is fantastic!! 
If chef Jesse is working there is a secret menu item he will make for you if you ask nicely--fried pickles and they are to die for! 
We had 3 unbelievable entrees---the meatloaf, the chicken and waffles and the burger. All three were so different but melt in your mouth delicious. I would order any one of those entrees again in a heart beat!
We were too full for dessert but I'm sure that it would have been wonderful.
We came here for Restaurant Week and this was by far my most favorite one we tried (out of four). We were a party of two and were seated at the corner table on the patio so it felt very romantic!

We had the grilled cheese & tomato soup appetizer as well as the pretzel knots, which were both great! The spicy cheese sauce that came with the pretzel knots should be put in a gallon bottle and sold individually for people to take home!

Our entrees were also delicious...roasted chicken and some sort of pork (can't remember what the boy had). My mashed potatoes were creamy but I wasn't a huge fan of the gravy.

The desserts we chose were Death by Chocolate banana split and the Every Berry We Carry pie. I think the banana split was decent. I guess I want more of a traditional banana split as opposed to what they provided. I also wasn't a HUGE fan of the berry pie but I think that's because there was some sort of odd ice cream on top, possibly with basil in it and basil is pretty awful in my opinion.

We'll definitely be back for the chicken and waffles!!
Been there twice. Great food but buy the wine by the bottle.
Recently discovered this place when we dropped in for lunch.  It's tucked away in the middle of the Four Seasons Resort and has indoor/outdoor seating options.  In the bar area, there's a full size shuffleboard game....I haven't seen one of those in years.

Since the weather was awesome, we decided to sit outside.  Once we settled into our seats, we ordered:

Pretzel Knots, $5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQ#tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQ

Spinach Artichoke Dip, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQeg#cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQeg

Potato Bacon Chowder
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuA#k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuA

Rueben, $19
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUw#0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWw#6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWw

The Pretzel Knots and Spinach Artichoke Dip arrived first.  The Pretzel Knots are amazing!  They came out warm and fresh and have a nice Queso Dip to compliment it.  

The Spinach Artichoke Dip was bland...disappointing.  The hard, cruton-like sticks that came with the Dip were very salty...perhaps that's why it tasted so bland to me?

The Potato Bacon Chowder was outstanding.....rich and creamy, it hit the spot.

For the grand finale, the Rueben came out....and boy was it good!  My colleague ordered the same thing, except he got Onion Rings and I got Fries as a side dish.  The Onion Rings are thick and juicy....and sweet, very good.  The Fries were very good too.

Service here was outstanding....what you'd expect for a 5 Diamond resort.

Return Factor - 91%
We had friends in town for the weekend and decided to take them to Proof for dinner and drinks since our first experience there had been so great. The second time did not disappoint! 

We started with a round of appetizers that included the pretzels with cheese, fried green tomatoes and the off-menu fried pickles. GET THE PICKLES!!! 

For our main courses 2 of us shared the lobster roll with the most amazing onion rings, 2 others shared the beer can chicken, a burger with fried bacon! was enjoyed by another and lastly one ordered the chicken and waffles that comes with candied bacon brittle, house made hot sauce that was so good I wish they bottled and sold it and a syrup that he said was also very good. 

We couldn't leave without ordering a few desserts to share. The table ordered the turtle cheesecake, the cookies and cream shake and a scoop of salted caramel ice cream. The turtle cheesecake and shake were awesome and the ice cream was very creamy and tasted great. 

The chef came out as we were finishing to ask us what we thought of our meal. He was so nice and genuinely wanted to know how our experience was. 

We will be taking all of our out of town guests here to experience the fun, laid back atmosphere, delicious food, excellent service and amazing views!
Proof is a great place to see and be seen if you're in the pretty people club.
I'm not. 
So chances are, if someone's looking at me, it's because I remind them of a family member who spent time in the joint, or, they're in the early stages of cancer and their life's priorities are so fucked-up and they'd bargain with God to trade my looks for their cancer.

If I'M STARING at the pretty people, I try to be furtive, but almost always get caught since they're pretty and used to being gawked at...their homely-radar typically set to high alert.

So I visit Proof and order the Coor's Banquet, eat their beer-battered onion rings, and a chocolate sundae. I had a burger too and in the end, spent a half week's pay in the process.
Then I ordered up a few more beers and spent my Saturday wondering how I got hit by the ugly train as a kid while these folks were molded right out  of the pages of Vogue or Esquire. Sucks.
I found solace with the goofy looking  Bell Captain who looked like a French policeman with his little gendarme hat. 

The surroundings are beautiful from the patio, the people are fashionistas, and the ambiance in the bar is superb. The servers are so polite, they made me uncomfortable...like they were up to something sneaky. No-one is that polite. Ever.

When you've had enough misery from staring at the women patrons whom you know you simply repulse, you'll go across the street to Greasewood where you'll fit in with folks of your own ilk.

I fit in at Proof like O.J.'s glove.
First time here. Restaurant reincarnation from a former family restaurant at the Four Seasons Troon. 
Ordered 4 beer samplers which unfortunately came we'll after our appetizer pretzel knots were consumed - I assume the wait staff were overwhelmed by the Saturday crowd but replacement knots were brought for us as appeasement.
The meals: lobster roll, hamburger, salmon were excellent. Remember this is not a cheap place to eat so expect to drop some coin. 
The waiter, named Tony felt so bad about the delay in our drinks, he provided us milkshakes which truly exemplified the $5 milkshakes talked about in Pulp Fiction - they were delicious. He also packed us up to go with hot chocolate chip cookies - fantastic, I will be back.
I have been chef for 20 years and I only write reviews if a place is really good or really bad. This was both. Decor and waitstaff were good, but I can not get past the food poisoning we all got. It was the only meal we all shared upon arriving in Arizona on different flights, times, and airlines. We all had dinner together and the next day were were all extremely ill from top to bottom. Called the restaurant and was given the run around... as if I don't work in the industry and know how food poisoning occurs. We all had the same symptoms, sick at the same time, and were layed up for an entire day of my vacation. I would expect more from a four seasons...no compensation made and a memorable experience.
3 stars  because the food was pretty good.  Could have been 4-5 stars, but had to knock them for the prices .... way over priced!  Too bad, since it's in the neighborhood, we would love to be regulars but won't be back.  We were there for lunch.  Salads and sandwiches were $16-$19.  $16 gets you a brat or a veggie sandwich.  Lobster roll ... $29.  I have had lobster rolls all over the country and have never paid $29 for one.  Then there's the $4.75 for sodas .... ridiculous.  By the time all was said and done, it ended up to be about $30/person for lunch.  As I said the food was really good, but not good enough to warrant those prices.  The place was practically empty too, so it will be interesting to see if  they make it.
Amazing food. Went two nights in a row and was extremely pleased both times. This is definitely the best place to eat at the four seasons and maybe Arizona!!! Make sure you get the pretzel knots!
A really unique and comfortable restaurant with food to match. 

The decor is different and original. The service is terrific. The food is comfort food with a twist. 

Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns, to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes. 

Wonderful, different and appetizing menu choices, not your run of the mill fare. 

I imagine lunch and dinner are as much fun. Worth a trip back for another meal. 

Four Seasons hit the nail on the head with this one. Job well done.
Even though I was not staying here ( I wanted to though!), I had an incredible experience at Proof.
-so well decorated that I just had to take it all in!
-comfy decor, like being in one of my friend's homes, but they don't have a bar that big.
-Fantastic menu. Wanted the huevos rancheros but decided I wanted to still fit in my size 6 pants, so ordered the salmon with mini bagels, vine ripened tomatoes and herbed cream cheese. enough for 2 but I don't share very well, so ate it all.
-incredibly attentive service.

You can't beat The Four Seasons for excellent hospitality and Proof is a place I wish was in my back yard. So many great menu items. 
Look forward to returning and having breakfast/lunch/dinner and a Bloody Mary and then going to the pool and having a cold Corona!
This place is wonderful and relaxing due more for the setting than the food. We purposely went on Father's Day because my husband loves their chocolate bacon waffles and to our dismay they are no longer on the menu. When he asked the waitress she offered to see if they could still make them for him and they did! We sat outside on the patio which is nestled in between the Pinnacle Peak mountain range. Absolutely beautiful and so peaceful. The food and coffee is good but it is pricey. The bill for 4 people with tip was almost $100.00. If you live in the area ask for the frequent flyer card which gives you a 5th entree at no charge.
Fantastic breakfast and not overpriced! The English breakfast with poached egg on English muffin with crab hollandaise sauce is incredible! The breakfast buffet (all u want) is great with bacon that is moist, smoky , and flavorful. Omelets to order with the freshest vegetables. Don't pass this place up if you are in the neighborhood.
I was waffling between 3 and 4. The food is absolutely delicious, and the service is exceptional. It's the prices that are just a bit hard to take. You definitely pay for the convenience of on-resort dining. My husband and I are staying at the resort and have been here twice, once for a meal and once for a snack. Happy hour for the snack was great. Our server was friendly and helpful. We got the two buck popcorn bucket, which I liked and my husband didn't. We also get pretzel knots and sundaes. The pretzel knots are soooo good. The sundaes were yummy too. For dinner later in the day, my husband got the burger and I got the salmon. The burger was especially delicious. It really is a good burger. The salmon was moist and perfectly cooked and seasoned, too. Our server was friendly and helpful. The only thing to complain about is the prices. But again, I guess you pay for the convenience, and I still really like it here. Yummy.
Came to Scottsdale for the 4th of July weekend. Third night here and couldn't find a really good spot to brag about. We thought proof would be a top notch little hidden place, I'm sad to say this place was disappointed us as well. We orders some beers and the sun devil mule, which were great. The butcher board was fabulous. As we go on with the entrees we were left disappointed. We tried the "exceptional" waffle and chicken. The chicken was too salty and tasted like old chicken. The waffle was not tasty, it came out soggy and fell flat. We then order the super food salad with steak. The salad was okay although the dressing was too runny. The steak was okay was nicely spiced. We then ended the night with some ice cream, they claimed was hand crafted. The ice cream tasted like store brought ice cream. The service was 5 stars too bad the quality of the food fell short. Really thought this place was going to be a hit.
Wonderful place for drinks, the view and vibe. He food was not good! The only item that we order and enjoyed was the cheese and meat plate. The chicken and waffles was a joke, looked like it was made 2 days ago and reheated for us. The waffle was not even as good as a frozen waffle you get at the market. The blueberry salad was horrible and the steak that accompanied it was not delicious. We then ordered ice cream, which according to the waiter is handmade. Well actually it tasted just like Dreyers ice cream from the market. 

This restaurant is a joke and I am surprised that the Four Seasons management maintains a restaurant like this on the property. 

Come here for drinks and the view but don't expect great dinning.
I was walking around the neighborhood and saw this place was open in the old Barber Shop.  (What happened to Savory?)  Yay!  So I went in.  The display case was very tempting, but I am the world's biggest cherry fan, so I got a cherry galette -- a little bit larger than the cherry danish at La Brioche -- and a Salted Caramel Poptart.  There were also chocolate/peanut poptarts, Brown sugar/cinnamon poptarts, and hazelnut.  And a whole lot of savory pies -- but I'm a fruit pie type of guy -- and a nice looking gluten free chocolate cream pie on a nut crust.  I have the feeling that any pie you requested could be made.

The Cherry galette was delicious.  The tartness of the cherries shone through (I've lost count about the number of overly sweetened tart cherry pies I've had) beautifully and the crust was buttery and flaky -- but it didn't fall apart while you ate it, so it's not too flaky if you know what I mean.  Just right!

I'm sorry they're not open before I go to work.  These would be perfect for something to take into the office.  The poptarts would go over very well -- the salted caramel was a nice combo of sweet and salty.

I eagerly await peach season.  Fresh peach pie is second to none -- except maybe sour cherries! -- in my opinion.
I paid 25 dollars for a lemon meringue pie.  It looked great!  We went to serve it and the lemon filling inside spilled out everywhere like milk.  Whoa!  We tasted it, and the flavor was really good, but no one was expecting a watery pie with meringue on top for 25 bucks.  Yikes!      

Of course, if no one was worried about the appearances at all, we could have just used a straw to slurp up all the runny insides.
Allow me to re-introduce myself!  

My original lemon meringue pie was runny, and I should have mentioned it straight away to Humble, but I didn't.  Instead I just complained about it on Yelp.  Despite this lapse in judgement, the folks at Humble contacted me saying this was most likely the fault of a malfunctioning oven and that they would like to make me a new one free of charge.  I took them up on this offer and the second one was outstanding in every way.  It held together as expected, and it tasted fantastic.  They also gave me a 25 dollar gift certificate to use for next time!    

Their customer service went above and beyond, and I could tell they really, REALLY wanted to make it right.  This was wonderfully refreshing, especially nowadays where most consumers are made to feel like just another number.  

Thank you ladies, your pies are wonderful, and so are you!
I just died & went to mini pie heaven.  Stopped in for the first time today, recommended by friends who live in the neighborhood. What took me so long?  I'm usually in a hurry when driving past & the lack of parking was a bit of a negative to me.  After getting two sweet pies (blueberry thyme goat cheese & sour cherry galette) to go, I can say the parking will no longer be an issue for me... I'd walk (okay, run 'cuz I need those pies in my mouth faster) blocks in order to get my fix in the future.  I meant to save one of the pies for later... well, that didn't happen.  Can't wait to stop in again & try the savory pies.  I've heard the chicken pot pies are phenomenal.
I have now tried five different varieties of Humble's creations.  Each one was outstanding. I live in the neighborhood and will return again, and again.  The crusts are sublime and the fillings magnificent.  Some have noted that they are "pricey."  I say that perfection is worth it; every penny.  I am a baker myself, my mother was a wonderful baker, and I have patronized fine bakeries in other parts of the country and the world.  Humble is right up there with the best.
Very pricy for not much food. That being said, the pies are great. Wish the hours were a little better, I would go more if so.
We stumbled in with four college students and another teenager (and a pair of foodie parents) this afternoon for a little something for the sweettooth... What a great surprise! We'll be back... Yum!  Loved the customer service, too.
To eat humble pie means to apologize and to face humiliation for a serious error. Yet, contrary to what the idiom implies, eating humble pie courtesy of Humble will not cause humiliation. In fact, the only potential error in this scenario would stem from one's failure to bask in the deliciousness that is Humble. For within the close confines of this corner bakeshop rests a highly concentrated aroma of caramelized sugar and autumnal spices heartily injected with a dose of bonafide love. It's just like grandma's house.

The bakery also engages pie fans with its deliciously enervating Facebook posts. While these viral announcements are most certainly not in your body's best interest, these guys offer true therapy for the soul. Not much can brighten the day more than reading rapturous descriptions of the bakery's daily menu, laden with pictorial representations of their latest sugary concoctions.

The name Humble serves as a sincere embodiment of the way in which sisters and co-owners of the pie shop -- Shelly Cross and Jill Long -- run their business. Devoted to the concept of extracting bold flavors out of a modest set of ingredients, Humble expertly resembles the degree of humility and delicious subtlety that its name implies. With an admirable dedication to locally-sourced, farm-fresh ingredients, Humble offers pies that are both estimable for their divine flavor profiles and dedication to the sustainable food movement. With a tantalizing menu of sweet and savory pies that rotates based on local availability, each week delivers a wonderfully unforeseen array of seasonally-inspired pie varieties.

Humble pies thankfully come in more than nine shapes and sizes, which allow for great versatility for customers and their various events. Free-form slab pies and large rustic tarts offer copious amounts of sugary goodness, while the rustic pinch pies and tiny pie bites are perfection in terms of indulgence for one. Regardless of size, Humble blurs the line between sweet and savory by making pies that gloriously meld both of these two distinct taste classes. Most recently, their menu has incorporated the wondrous tastes of fall with the classic sweet flavors of pumpkin, apple, rustic plum, salted honey, pecan and cardamom sweet potato, as well as the more savory flavors with bacon leek potato quiche, chicken pot pie, rosemary grape and goat cheese pasty.

A fair amount of new flavor developments can also be found on the menu, specifically in the form of a delightful maple glazed sweet potato goat cheese galette. An indulgently flaky brandied apricot and brie hand pie as well as an innovative creamy chocolate tart in a parmesan walnut crust join these tasty concoctions. In spite of the ever-changing pie varieties at Humble, the selection is not complete without the nearly unfailing presence of one of the shop's best sellers: the chocolate peanut butter pie. A classic fixation of all two-legged beings who are fortunate enough to not have a peanut allergy, chocolate and peanut butter are the perfect dessert partners-in-crime. Their compatibility beats that of peanut butter and jelly any day, and Humble's version of the classic duo certainly proves it.

Humble is excellence on all levels. Their minimalistic approach to the art of pie craft combined with constant development of their weekly menu is commendable. Eat Humble pie and be humbled by its sheer deliciousness.
Love this place.  I have been searching for somewhere that made pies as good as my dad's and these people nailed it.  For me it is all in the crust and their crust is very flaky.  We stopped in on a Saturday and the shop is cute and cozy.  Just a little random trivia...it used to be a barbershop years ago.  I had a sweet potato cardamom tart and took a Fall Apple tart home with me.  Both were delicious.  I will definitely go back to try the savory pies, but I have found my new go to place for pie when the craving hits.
This little shop is awesome - their pies are delicious. They have really interesting flavors and the best pie crust I've had. My current favorite is bourbon blueberry.
My family and I made a trip to Humble a couple of Saturdays ago.  Everything in the case looked so good...we basically got one of everything! ;) Okay, not really, but we did get four things for two adults!  My favorite was the mini key-lime pie. I was expecting the crust to be hard, but it was a perfect flaky pastry crust. We also had two hand pies - one blueberry bourbon (my least favorite, but still excellent) and one apple ginger raspberry (so good!). My second favorite item was a mini sour cherry pie, which was so fresh and tart.  My husband I were pretty much fighting over the cherry pie!  My only sadness was that none of the savory pies were vegetarian friendly that day, so I didn't get one - but I will be back to check out their selection!  The guy working was incredibly friendly and helpful - the whole experience was fantastic. Go there! Now!
I live right around the corner, and I am ashamed to say that I just went in for the second time.  My mom and I stopped in and got a rhubarb, raspberry and ginger crescent pie thing (I forgot what they're called!) and a caramel filled mini pie with chocolate on top.  They were amazing!  We heated them up a little bit and they were SO GOOD.  Definitely going to make this a new weekly trip.  Thanks!
I drive by this place everyday on my way to and from work and always sit at the stoplight tempted to go in. But i'm always in a rush to get to work or tired on my way home. But! One day I parked the car and finally made it in. The interior is a cute space with some seats available. 

I ended up getting one savory and one sweet pie. The bacon Swiss and leek savory and blueberry bourbon pie.

I appreciate that they use an all butter crust. It tasted homemade and I mean that in the good sense. The bacon Swiss and leek was very good. Blueberry bourbon was not overly sugary so I got to enjoy the flavors. 

These pies are a little bit on the pricier side for me so I would only go there as a special treat. But I will definitely stop by sometime again.
Great taste, but if you eat them on-site and want them warm, they microwave them, which as anyone who's ever microwaved pie knows is less than ideal. Free (hot) coffee for students and free wifi is a nice touch, so if they had a toaster oven for in-house pies this would be a 5-star review. Also note: they add tax to price if you eat on-site but take it out of listed price if you get food to go.
Why isn't this even listed on yelp?
Tupiniquium is a little friendly green hut at the corner of teviot and the royal mile, which offers fresh and healthy food and gluten free crepes.

Rehearsing at Adam house in Chamber street, I had 30 minutes to grab lunch on the go between rehearsals and the actual performance. I wanted something light, but packed with energy. It also needed to be gluten free... After seeing the nearby prices of sushi, I went for Tupiniquium. I remembered coming here once for a Romeo and Juliet crepe, reminiscent of my travels in Brazil (curd cheese with guava jam!) and it had been really excellent.

Yesterday I went for the margherita: Goats cheese, basil, sundried tomatoes, pecans, spinach, jalepenos. Everything was extremely fresh, and the gluten free crepe was just amazing. My boyfriend was determined to go for chips, but quickly developed a craving for a savoury crepe, as he saw mine being made. The guy who serves is always really friendly, and offers daily deals such as 2 nutella crepes. There were 3 juices on the menu, which were made there on the spot, as well as Brazilian cheese bread, guarana (a delicious energy drink which is more popular than coke in Brazil) and Brazilian feijoada. He makes an amazing use of space, and I can see myself returning here regularly to buy food when at uni. 

The crepe itself was absolutely delicious. It made the perfect pre-show dinner and for 4, wasn't bad, considering the quality of the ingredients. I will be back.
Is this the hardest business name to spell on Yelp and find in search? Tu-pin-iq-ui-um. Phew.

The name might be long but the place itself is very wee. It's not 'blink and you'll miss it' and it's right there, but I think it's so obviously there that people don't realise.

At the top of Middle Meadow Walk and the Quartermile, before you turn right to George Square or go straight ahead towards George IV Bridge, there's a little police box stuffed full of fresh fruit and vegetables, with wheatgrass growing on the roof, and somehow squeezed inside a griddle to make fresh, buckwheat (gluten free) pancakes. It's a little square of Brazil right at the top of the Meadows.

They have some fruit and smoothie options, although when I requested one not on the menu (just a combination of avocado, carrots, peppers, apples etc.) they were more than happy to make it. They have lots of vegetables in their juices and smoothies, more available than I've seen elsewhere, which I really like.

I haven't tried their crepes but having just bucked wheat, it turns out I CAN eat buckwheat as it's not actaully gluten-containing-wheat (confusing much?) So all their food is suitable for coeliac folk :) And the crepes look amazing too, with meat and cheese, or fruit and chocolate concoctions. More of a Brazillian than French theme (as is often the way with crepes) with many meaty fillings.

I can't wait to get a crepe then toddle along to the Meadows and sit in the sun enjoying it, maybe with an avocado smoothie on the side. This wee box is packed full of health and Brazillian sunshine, and shouldn't be so often over looked.
A great place for lunch...
A touch of Brazil in Edina...
Must go for the stew!
Great quick lunch option...
Everything is fresh, homemade...
Family owned and ran.
A great pit-stop if you are looking for something quick to eat.

I had passed the kiosk tons of times whilst heading down middle meadow walk. It does Brazilian crepes, sweet and savoury and they are gluten free. It's usually open all day at least during the week and prices range from about 3-5.

On the way to book group, I was starving after a busy day at work and figured I should have something savoury before tea and cake. My crepe was ready in a couple of minutes, well wrapped up in a paper plate and paper towel which is perfect as there is nothing worse when the bottom literally falls out of a crepe and you end up covered in filling. I opted for mozzarella, sundried tomato and basil and it was lovely. There was a decent amount of all the fillings and some salad too which made me feel vaguely healthy. No spillage at all as it stayed well wrapped as I munched my way across Edinburgh Uni.

I'll definitely pop back here when I am in the area and looking for something to eat. The girl who served me was lovely, handing me a menu when I was trying to see what was posted up. The kiosk is tiny but the space is well used - all fresh items are stored in the fridge and two hot plates means crepes can be made two at a time so I suspect if there was a queue, you wouldn't wait long.
The best crepe in town. Filled with curried chicken, avocado, a sprinkling of cheese, sweet jalapenos, and so crispy and light.

I've had juice and smoothies from this Brazillian kiosk before, and have wanted a crepe for so long. But for some reason it was always shut when I passed (Sundays mainly). Not on Monday though, oh no. I was walking home, thinking of what I could buy from Sainsburys for my lunch, when - lo! A savoury, GLUTEN FREE, crepe! Yes!

The curried chicken is plainly described on the menu, but comes with a big punch of flavour. Lots of chunky bits of chicken, with a coconut-y style, African-tasting curry. Peppers, big chunks of avocado, not too much cheese so that it's stodgy, but enough to really make it tasty.

I passed a personal trainer who I know from PureGym (we're weights pals) on the way home with it in my hand. He stopped and immediately told me he had cancelled his lunch plans to get one of those. Look at the photos I've uploaded. They don't do it justice, but you can see just how big and overflowing with flavour it was.

Get one of these in you, you won't regret it!
Pir-piri Chicken Wrap with avocado, spinach, chilli sauce and cheese! Nom nom nom nom nom!!!

Great place for a bite on the run, friendly service, fresh produce......tasty!!
I visited this place expecting to give it a 4/5 rating at least. I mean, how can you mess up a chicken n cheese crepe packed with the taste of Brazil?

We'll, here's how - 'cause this kiosk pulled it off.

Step 1: be thrifty with the food, and lay the crepe out so it looks it's got more food in it than it actually does.

Step 2: claim to bring the taste of Brazil to your customers, then give them the same old filling that they will get in any sandwich place in town.

Step 3: charge obviously more than the crepe's worth...

...et voila!
 
Now, don't get me wrong. The crepe does not taste bad at all. I had the chicken something (not the curried chicken, the other one) which was nice and juicy and I downed it in a matter of minutes. It probably is the best salty crepe in town, but in a town famous for its lack of decent creperies, that doesn't say much. 

Plus, my half-empty crepe cost almost as much as some of the biggest chicken wraps in the vicinity, which are incidentally packed with twice as much grub. As much as I enjoyed the thing, I couldn't overlook this.
Been eying this place for a while so ahead of an evening halloween ghost story lecture I popped by to check out the crepes you all  have been reviewing. 

A friendly guy  behind the counter greeted me with a smile with playing playing south american music on his guitar this kinda made my day. 

Options are juice, coffee, soft drinks and a daily list of crepes.  I opted for a chicken and cheese crepe which by the sounds of it was what Nik B had. It was pretty good for street food if I am honest and I recieved plenty of food for the 4.50. The chicken wasnt the tastiest of fillings but I  asked the kiosk fella to make it spicy so this won me over a bit more.

In short: good portionfor the price, great service but was just lacking something to push this place to a 4 star for me. Going to head back for the curry option at some point when I am in need of a quick meal.
It's pretty difficult to find gluten free food on the go, and I've all too often had to settle for the emergency food groups of chocolate and crisps to fill the hole. As anyone with dietary problems will agree, it's a bloody godsend when somewhere safe and tasty appears.

I discovered this place after they'd been open for about six months, asked tentatively about the sign that offered gluten free crepes and came close to tears when told that EVERYTHING they do is GF. Since then I've been back regularly, and have never once been disappointed (except occasionally on horrible winter days when they might not be open). 

The couple who run the box are about the nicest people you'll meet in this country, two eternally jolly Brazilians who seem to have bottled their native sunshine to spread happiness to their customers. If you have an awkward request they'll always do what they can to help, whether it's not having the avocado, asking to pick something up later, or thinking about other dietary needs.

The crepes are lovely, and it always amazes me how much they can cram into them. I'm more of a savoury person so tend to go for a meaty filling rather than something sweet but both have at different times delighted my mouth and filled up my belly. 

On Saturdays there is Feijoada, a Brazilian stew of meat and beans, served with rice and greens. I can't count how many times it's been just what I need on a miserable Edinburgh day - assuming it's not all been gobbled up by the queues of Brazilians who come out specially or it.

They also make an astonishing selection of fresh juices, often tailored to your mood, and I've seen many customers making faces of exquisite surprise when they take their first sip.

They make their own chilli sauce, which is lovely and flavoursome rather than just spicy (say yes if they offer some!), and also Brazilian style cheese balls - GF of course -  which you can even buy frozen to take home for later. 

Oh, and if you work nearby they even deliver at lunchtime!
Another day, another city and so I found myself in Edinburgh this weekend for a conference. 
As always, G has an encyclopaedic knowledge of little-known food places and highly recommended we try this little place out - and I'm glad we did!
Don't get me wrong this isn't the cheapest food outlet in the world, but there's a level of enjoyment from seeing your food cooked fresh in front of you. I had the chicken crepe and at 4.50 it was the perfect size to kill off the hunger pangs without giving me post-lunch lethargy.
Lovely fresh food cooked in front of you, for less than a high street takeaway meal. I'll have that!
Tupiniquim is THE place for crepes in Edinburgh.

I ventured to this place on a cold, rainy February's day, wanting to try something new. When I arrived there were probably at least 6 people waiting outside so there was a queue. I thought it was a good sign, people queuing for something delicious. 

Tupiniquim is based in a small police box just on the edges of Meadows and a cheerful Brazilian took my order almost immediately. They have a list of daily pancakes with some interesting fillings such as steak pancake, marguerita and chicken curry piri piri. Also sweet options are available e.g. lemon & sugar. I decided to try the chicken curry piri piri one.

It was at least 10 minutes wait for my crepe, but boy was it worth it! The filling was generous and in addition to chicken there was spinach, avocado, peppers and cheese plus additional jalapenos (optional). I really enjoyed it and next time I want to try out the sweet 'Monkey Delight' that consists of bananas, chocolate and nuts. 

I paid 4.80 for my crepe, quite happily as it beats an ordinary sandwich any day.
GO THERE. Gluten free deliciousness. I was so impressed. And they made it dairy free too (by using an almond milk mixture and replacing cheese with pumpkin). Fresh ingredients and really tasty crepe to hold it all together. Do yourself a flavour. I had chicken curry one, partner had sausage. We both loved it and will be going back tomorrow!
So great to have neighborhood people with a great BBQ joint.  The food was awesome, the brisket sooo tender and tasty, love the baked beans and the homemade chocolate cookies to top it off!  Highly recommend it if your looking for homemade BBQ with love!
Way.  This BBQ is absolutely perfect.  Not cloyingly sweet or fakey-smoked, this is the real deal for great, cared-for barbeque.  Picked up the "Whole Lotta Love" with pork, chicken, BBQ beans and green chile mac 'n cheese for dinner on my way home from work tonight - my husband, always judiciously guarded in his praise, said, "I don't know how they could have done it any better than this!".  (For context, I'm a little jealous.)   And a local restaurant that home-cooks with organic and locally-grown ingredients?  My advocacy and taste buds are blissed-out.
Just finished a delicious meal of pulled pork, brisket and ribs.  The meat was incredible and everything smelled so good.  I wanted to pull my car over and eat it all.  I would definitely come here again.
I'm a fan of supporting local businesses so I've been eyeing this place since it opened.  We decided to try it tonight for dinner & we were not disappointed.  The ambiance is a bit lacking but the food & friendly service more than compensate for that!

We ordered 2 of the "sampler" meals: one had all the different meats & came with cornbread.  We added a side of coleslaw.  All of the meats were super tender & juicy, not too saucy.  The coleslaw is made mayo free & is not your typical slaw.  I wasn't a fan but my boyfriend loved it!  It has kale, broccoli, cabbage, etc.  The owner brought us samples of most of the sides to let us try before choosing.  The southwest creamed corn was one of my favs but I opted for the bbq beans & macaroni with my meal.  My platter was 2 ribs, 2 meats, 2 sides.  Both came with cornbread (with a twist).  It looks like the bread is baked into a loaf then sliced & grilled - so tasty!
My son ordered the rib kids meal with fries.  All kids meals are served with an organic all natural juice pouch.

The prices are in line with your typical bbq joint but I'm most impressed that the food is homemade.  

We had a chance to chat with the owner & he shared a bit of his vision with us.  He said he's trying to create something unique in the area to break up the monotony of burgers, Mexican, and pizza available while keeping in mind food allergies that have become more & more common.  The rubs/spices are MSG free & the sauce is made with brown sugar, no corn syrup or colorings.

Overall we really enjoyed this place & will definitely be back!  You won't be disappointed.
Not only really good BBQ, but a FULL menu of AWESOME BBQ / western FOOD!! By 'food' i mean actual food, not all the chemical filled BS you get served everywhere else in this state. I talked to the owner for a few & he's a good guy. He is committed to serving natural & organic food that not only tastes AMAZING, but is actually good for your body as well. He picked this location not because it would be good for his pockets, but because the neighborhood he grew up in needs a healthy alternative. Healthy BBQ? YEP, and it's GLORIOUS!

I had the spicy pulled pork sandwich combo. The pork was amazing, the bun was perfect for that type of sandwich, & the fries were amazing too. VERY well seasoned. I also tired their lemonade. ...came out of the kitchen in a pitcher & tasted like my grandma made it. SO good! Service was very good too.

I read the reviews mentioning a lack of ambiance, and to be honest, it was a little plain inside. BUT, it was very clean & after trying their FOOD, I'm happy they put most of the effort in to their food. The tables are solid, the seating is not cramped, & there's plenty of room for large groups. For a start-up restaurant, he did it right. 

Go try their food, you'll be back again & again.
Very good, I had the sampler sliders with cole slaw. Meat was tender and had a little kick to it. I will be going again.
We drive by this place a couple of times per week and decided to stop by after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.   The owners of the restaurant are very nice people and told us their story.  The food is cooked fresh daily and they buy fresh, local ingredients.  We ordered the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw, BBQ Beans, and Mac & Cheese to have dinner at home.  They allowed us to sample the BBQ Beans and Mac & Cheese.  WOW!  I must say, my wife, my daughter, and myself were pleasantly surprised by the taste!  They were awesome!  We arrived home and tasted the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw and Corn Bread.  The seasoning and taste were really good.  This is some of the best BBQ we've had in a long time.  They gave us their special spread for the Corn Bread and it was very good.  We'll be eating here a couple of times per week!
Had the chance to stop here for lunch today. The owner is very cool and showed me the goods cooking in the kitchen. I felt like Guy from the food network! Everything was fresh and the beef brisket sandwich was delicious! Highly recommended!
Owner is a great guy. I had the pulled pork sandwich it was okay but the bbq sauce seemed a bit to spicy.  I will go back and try something else.
Darn good potato salad. Best potato salad ever!  Onion rings were awesome too. Downside is that they were out of a lot things when we went in, like beans and chicken.  We had the pork which was good, The ribs were a little fatty though.  Barbecue sauce was good.  It's all a little on the spicy side so if you don't mind spicy barbecue.  Additionally,  they need a window cleaner and a couple big photos to detract from the paint color.  But I think this place has a great potential if they can keep it stocked so the customers are happy.
Loved: The interesting Cole Slaw and the potato saled.  Cool ingredients and a lighter dressing.

Liked:  The owner's attitude and the pride he clearly has in his food.  You can tell he is living out his dream.  The BBQ chicken and the Pulled Pork are in this category as well.

Room for Improvement:  They should add a third sauce that is less spicy than their regular sauce.  Good flavor just too hot to get a good amount on the meat to enjoy.  Also, it would be nice to see some meat options that arent shredded like sliced pork and brisket, or maybe a half chicken.  A cold beer would be nice too, so a liquor license would help.  Or maybe they could encourage brown bagging?
Food and service were both fantastic!  Hubby and I will be back.  Love that it's so close and don't have to drive all the way to Gilbert for great BBQ!  Had the pull pork, brisket, creamed corn and yummy Mac and cheese!
I've driven by this place many times, finally decided to try it out .Excellent BBQ, had the brisket delicious. Make sure you upgrade your side to the bacon cheese fries, homemade and tasty.
Wow...these ribs are obviously a labor of love. Extremely meaty...super tender and moist. Great spice to the rub. This is a small store...your classic local spot and clearly the owners passionate. The ribs are 5 star...the only reason the whole rating is not 5 star is the fries, while perfectly seasoned and hand cut, were not crisp...onion rings and coleslaw were outstanding though. Will be one of my regular spots from now on
Best BBQ I've ever put in my piehole!  I had the pulled pork sandwich and I didn't even bother with the sauces he brought to our table.  It was moist and JUICY and scrumptious.  I also had the cheesy bacon french fries, which were yummy and a little zingy.  My husband had ribs and they literally fell off the bone, also very moist and flavorful.  He also had the sausage which he said was *REALLY* good.  His sides were BBQ beans which he said were the best he's ever had and also had the green chile mac & cheese...and it was even better than MY OWN.  I could have seriously made a meal out of it and stole half of his.

It's just a little hole in the wall type of place, but the owner is SUPER nice and fun to talk to.  We can't wait to go back and try their cornbread, which they ran out of.  Apparently it's so yummy, that someone came in and bought two of the three loaves they made that day!!
best BBQ I have had in my life!!!!!!! i have tried everything on the menu and I loved it all.....and gained 10 pounds
The BF and I stopped in here after seeing the ratings on yelp. We're from LA so aren't familiar with the area, but were very happy to have found this place. Had the pulled pork with cream of corn and cole slaw - both sides unconventional but very tasty! The original spice isn't very spicy at all, so don't know what that one reviewer is complaining about. 

The owner was super nice and friendly. Not only did he allow our dogs (a pit/lab and a retriever/lab) to hang out in the patio while we ate, he even was kind enough to give us some treats for them! Super friendly guy. Heard he's getting beer in the place soon too, so look out for that. And they do events! 

Will definitely be visiting again when I'm back on town.
Another great take out dinner from HEK Yeah. Love the brisket and their cole slaw is amazing! I'm so glad we live so close to your restaurant!!
Food takes quite a while to come out :\ 

small small portions for a bbq place and quite pricey. The similar place i have been to definitely crush this place in taste and quantity.

If you are craving bbq and don't want to go to a sit down place and you are in the area, sure why not. Support the mom and pops. But it isn't a first on my list.
I wanted to try this place based on the reviews posted on yelp. It looked like it would be a good place for some BBQ, and sure enough it was. To start the owner gave is a few samples of the sides to try out.  The BBQ beans and Cream orn were both excellent. I decided to go with the sampler for the main meal.  A wise choice on my part, being that every single meat product was on that plate of awesomeness. I also got 3 sides including BBQ Beans, Green Chile Mac and Fries. Don't worry people I had a few friends to assist in eating all the food. My compadres got a main dish themselves I'm sure of equal awesomeness. I would highly recommend this place to anyone because who doesn't love local flavor and good eats!  Thanks Hek Yeah BBQ!!! I will surely be back to explore other items from your menu.
Great food!  A true local business.  Walk in hungry, walk out bursting!!!  Love it.  Also used their catering and the entire party was raving about the BBQ.  Highly recommend for just about any occasion!
Excellent food. Nice owners. Service a bit slow, but worth the wait. Coleslaw outstanding, cornbread very good, and the links very good. Ask for mustard sauce.
4.25

Pros: 
good meat 
good flavor pork
good hand cut fries
good lemonade
sauces were good
awesome staff (family owned and run)


Cons: 
location is meh
size of pulled pork (meat)
the bun was meh
the price is a bit much

While I say the price was a bit much you def get quality over quantity here. The homemade aspect of everything they do shows.
A definite hidden GEM!  Loved this place!  Owner and his wife there and run it.  All stuff made from scratch.  Uses the healthiest ingredients he can find and he will tell you them if you have any allergies.  Makes his own BBQ sauces.  
Had the special, a half beef and half pulled pork burger.  Fries were hand cut.  Awesomely seasoned.  Definitely worth your while to find this place as it's kind of in no-mans's land (Cave Creek south of Greenway).  But worth the trip!
This place is a hidden gem! It's a family run/owned (husband and wife) restaurant and I believe everything is organic and local. The pulled pork is superb!  It's super moist and has the perfect amount of BBQ sauce. I also tried the potato salad and green chile Mac which were awesome. The owners are very friendly and laid back. The place needs a major decor makeover as they have random tables and chairs and wall art they probably got from grandmas basement. This place could use some major marketing as I would hate for this place to fail. There aren't many place like this in north Phoenix let alone in the neighborhood of cave creek and greenway. Try this place and spread the word because this place is too good and the owners work too hard for this place to fail.
My new favorite BBQ in phoenix. The sides put it over the competition. Really crunchy and very lightly dressed coleslaw and baked beans with texture and flavor.
Pretty tasty bbq for sure, but the service was pretty slow (but did seem like they also had a catering gig at the same time).  Tender pork, good flavor and a sauce with gentle spice.  Good fries, the Mac and Cheese was just ok thou.  Good review on the coleslaw from table mate.  The sweet sauce seems to have more spice vs. their original.  We'll be back for sure to a nice family owned place.
As a transplanted Texan I've been looking for good BBQ for years!  At long last,  I've found it!  It's my new go to place!
In the area from Northern California and wanted a good BBQ.  Not familiar with the area, did a quick Google check and found this spot. I look for local places when I travel as they tend to be pretty good and this was no exception.   Had the 1 meat plate which was the perfect serving size for a late dinner; pulled brisket with cole-slaw & bbq beans.  Meat done just right (delicious), cole-slaw uniquely constructed with kale, broccoli, and pumpkin seeds along with the usual ingredients (delicious) and the beans were as good as any I've had (delicious) ... definitely made in house.  The owner was very friendly and you could tell that this is his passion.

If you want fancy decor and standard fare, this is not your place.  This is for folks who enjoy good, quality food created pretty much from scratch, a friendly vibe, and a reasonable price.  I'll be back when I am in town.
We stopped into this place for dinner tonight and were super impressed! Everything is made from scratch, fresh and delicious!  I ordered the smoked brisket and hubby ordered the pull pork. Both were delicious! I was especially impressed with their cole slaw as it was not your typical mayo based, bad for you disaster. Actually tasted very healthy!

We sat on the patio with our puppy and the owner gave her a smoked shoulder to chew. She devoured it! Wen we were leaving he brought her a big of frozen bones to take home! How nice!

We will be back! Had a yummy meal!
Loved the food here! For once I was able to eat BBQ and not go into a food coma feeling disgusting with myself from heavy foods. This place has all non-hormone meat and local/organic produce. The food is not so heavy either. For instance the cole slaw has grape seed oil and kale in it instead of only cabbage, mayonnaise and other fatty ingredients. The slaw was light and refreshing. The BBQ beans had some black beans in there and the mac and cheese was not overloaded. Good quality ingredients gave a delicious meal that actually gave me energy instead of slowing me down. Yum!
I have eaten here a few times, and when the subject of moving the weekly Car meet I attend was brought up - I thought of HEK Yeah first.

We all showed up at ~7:00 PM, 12 people and cars. 

This place closes at 8pm, but the owner Kenny stayed open later than usual to accommodate us. 

He even personally provided the "wait staff" and waited on us (usually this is a walk to the counter to order place.)

The food was awesome, and there was that moment of silence in the entire group that only comes when eating really, really good food.

Not many places would be happy to have a large group of car people take up their lot, stay after close, and have the owner be the waiter - but that was not true here! Kenny was friendly, joked around with us, and put up with the group without a single complaint!

I had the pulled brisket sandwich and southwest cream corn - and it was flavorful, nicely portioned, and fairly priced.

I don't see what other reviewers are complaining about as "expensive" here, the food here is well priced and fair proportioned. It is cheaper than my now second favorite BBQ place, and cheaper than most sit-down chains.
This was VERY good barbecue!  We split the "you can have it all" so that we could try all the meats and everything is cooked perfectly.  All their meats are juicy, flavorful, and tender.  I highly recommend and will be going back for sure!
Wow let me start with that !!!!! The ribs are amazing I mean tender juicy and the flavor really stand out. I've got to say that I will be back very soon. If  you want in on a quietly kept secret this is it. Don't let the outside fool ya because the fries the coleslaw and that delicious sweet tea are worth trying just once I promise you won't be disappointed. Please just give them a try.
Don't come here for the service or ambiance.  Come here if you want great flavors and really good bbq. The pulled pork is quite amazing and I'm not a pork fan. The beef brisket is really good but my favorite is all the sides. I love their green chili mac n cheese, baked beans, and coleslaw.  The coleslaw is not usual.  It has kale and raisins in it. Very good! The cons of this place is service can be slow and food can take a little longer to be served but this place is family owned and ran. So with a little patience in mind it's worth a trip to check out this hole in the wall bbq place!
Went here today to pick up some lunch. The owner was very friendly and gave me some recommendations since I had never been before. I got the pulled pork, shredded chicken, BBQ beans, and green beans with slivered almonds. All of it was delicious. The beans had a nice kick to them. I definitely recommend this place because they are a family run business, and the food is great.
Meh.  BBQ should not be bland; my pulled pork sandwich was. And lukewarm.  Hopefully it was a fluke; I won't be back.
Food was great and the meat was perfect. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the portion size for the family meal was a bit small and we ran out if food and sides.
The food was fantastic. The meat was very lean and the fries were nice and crispy. The service was a little slow but everyone we dealt with was extremely friendly.
Came here with a person with Celiac disease. Everything is gluten free. The coleslaw is hearty and interesting . The iced tea is strong. The ribs are perfect. Service is slow, but staff is charming.  Worth the wait! Highly recommend.
Very casual, very much a dive, warmer inside than outside @ 88 degrees, music playing in the background friendly staff, EXCELLENT BBQ and GREAT potato salad and fries! With that being said
3 pulled pork sandwiches, 3 sides, 3 drinks for 35.02 not including tip I'll let you decide?
Great food. This area needs more BBQ and this restaurant is gong to fill this need. Hubby and I both got pulled pork sandwiches. Sides were coleslaw, potato salad, beans, veggie of the day or green chili Mac and cheese. Family owned. Stop by and check it out.
HEK yah! After one visit I am sold. The quality of the food and the overall  taste were fantastic. It was a hit with the whole family. The kids meals were a bit too spicy, but my guess is that you can ask for the fries, for example, to have less pepper. They even had a good gluten free bun for my pulled pork sandwich!! The service was excellent. Local, family owned flavor, as well.
Have been looking for a good BBQ joint for a long time.  The Wife, son and his wife and I went in to try the place out.  Sat at the table for about 15 min before someone came over to take the drink order (there were two other tables being used).  About another 15min the drinks arrived (one was in a soda bottle and NOT opened).  
About another 15min went by and no one came to take our order.  I went to the counter, with the unopened bottle, and told the person behind the counter that I would like to pay for the two drinks and that we were leaving.  He tried to charge me over $8 for the two drinks.  I pointed out that I was returning the unopened bottle.  The price came down to $4.09.  I paid the bill and left.  At no time was I asked why were leaving or was told that they were sorry for the experience.  Truly shameful service.  I normally give places two tries but I am not so sure about this place.
Wandered in about 30 mins before they closed and was greeted with a warm welcome and slow blues on the radio.  Felt immediately comfortable.  Add this place to the Cave Creek Rd list of "divey on the outside and great food on the inside" spots.  One guy running the show cooking, taking orders and answering the phone but he was friendly and welcoming.  Pulled chicken sandwich had a smokey flavor I didn't expect and it was very welcome.  Vegetable of the day was sauteed brussels sprouts with almond and bacon.  Killed 2 huge mason jar lemonades.  I want to give this place 4 1/2 stars.  Drawbacks - no lunch specials on the weekend; no beer menu (he told me he's working on the liquor license) but also not byob; weird hours - closed at 8 on Friday and Saturday night and closed Sunday at 4.  Those changes would probably make it 5 stars.
Really good BBQ!!! The BBQ beans and coleslaw were so good! Got to try the ghost BBQ sauce if you like spicy.
Hek yeah this place is 1 minute from my house. I just ate there and have to say the best pulled pork I've ever had. I ordered online and did take out. While I was there they had me try their Ghost Pepper sauce, fantastic. I also had the fries which were also very good. We definitely be returning and telling all my friends about it.
The food is awesome but the delay is too long.  We waited 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get three BBQ sandwiches.
The food here rocks!!! Don't know what they're saying about the bad service the owner is real cool guy!!! Pulled pork with coleslaw on top and fries one of the best lunch love having a long time and I rarely pork!!! I highly recommend this place if you're wanting a good lunch or you want some catering for a party.
A friend recommended Body Food Kitchen a few months ago and I am so happy he did. I started with 2 meals a day a month ago and have never felt better. I feel healthy, I have more energy, my skin looks great, and I have so much more free time. I never realized how much time I spent shopping, preparing, and cooking meals before Body Food Kitchen. I love the convenience of Body Food Kitchen and the diverse menu options. The food is great: Healthy, clean, balanced and tasty. 

Another bonus is that the staff is great. They are always friendly and accommodating. I can't wait for my next delivery!
I don't usually write posts but I had to for BFK!!! Finally, I can go about my day without worrying what to eat or prepare to eat! The food they deliver is so fresh and delicious. I feel so satisfied after each meal! The prices are so affordable and the quality is also great! The salmon is my favorite! The site is also so easy to use! amazing all around!!!!
I order deliveries to LA and they always come on time. Customer service is great - staff is always courteous & helpful. Portions are sizable and balanced with good quality ingredients. There are several main portion/side item choices, which keeps dishes versatile & interesting. Prices are affordable, especially for the quality. I'm always really busy to cook, and since ordering meals I definitely go out to eat less and feel much healthier.
I've been looking for something like this for a while.. and i've tried many of these prepared meal programs.. but this one is the BEST.  I love the portion sizes and the freshness of each meal.. I can grab a pack and run off to work .. eat it there and i'm not feeling like I'm off my meal plan all the time.   I open it up and almost everyone is asking where i got it from.. the vegges are green and fresh... the meats are tasty and the package is easy to use.   I can't recommend it enough..  I am hoping this is an long and ongoing relationship I'll have with Body Food Kitchen.
Very fresh! Super impressed with the customer service and quality.
I was in town for a while and hate going out to eat all the time.  I had been to other cities that have the same concept, but body food has been, by far, the best.  In fact, I'm doing the national delivery now that i'm back home.  highly recommend to anyone looking to stay regimented with eating and are time restricted!
I'm an IFBB Pro Physique Bodybuilder and always on the endless pursuit for clean food and meal prep services. I stumbled across BFK and have been SO blown away by everything that they do.  Their customer service is unbeatable, the food is DELICIOUS and they ship ANYWHERE nationwide! That saves me SO much trouble when I travel to compete and can't be bothered to go shopping or schlepp my food around everywhere.  The quality of their food is top notch, their website is BEYOND EASY to navigate, their pricing is fair and competitive and their homemade protein brownies are quite possibly the BEST I have EVER had.

In conclusion, I really cannot say enough wonderful things about this company. I am so happy that I found them and only wish that I had discovered them earlier this year when I began my prep. 

Fresh and delicious clean food, completely prepped and delivered to my door anywhere in the US? AMAZING.

2 Very Enthusiastic Thumbs Up and 5+ Gold Stars for Body Food Kitchen! 

Thank you for making clean eating easy and thoughtless! :D
Lots of options for people for people with food allergies. Everything is gluten free, and they clearly list any other potential allergens on the labels. They also have quite a few vegan options. This location serves coffee, although I haven't yet tried it
I just went here and was so amazed, I had to post. This place opened up near my house, so I finally got a chance to go in. Not only were the employees super nice and helpful, I was wowed by the selection. I have to be gluten, peanut, and and dairy free, but I also like to stay soy free as well. Unless I make it myself, I usually don't eat it...which can be tiring. 

This place had such a great selection of items, including gluten, soy, dairy, nut, and egg free items. I tried a sample of the cinnamon sugar donut. It was really good. I almost bought it, but had already settled on chocolate chip cookies and cupcakes. The owner even let me try a cupcake...crazy! Both taste great!  Great service, great selection, great food - and they have sandwiches?
They have my all-time favorite bagel. I eat gluten sadly, but their bagel is still the best, even superior to gluten packed bagels. Its not too big, not too airy and missing substance, just right. They are so polite and always express their gratitude for my business.
I. Love. This. Place. I have been GF for about a year (not by choice). I was so glad to find them.  Best GF bagels I have tasted, Cheddar Jalapeno specifically. Recently I got to try some of their Maple Bacon Donuts, in all their mapley-bacony goodness!! Sandwiches are tasty. Awelicious bread is really delicious as are their awelicious buns. I love their cupcakes too! NUM! Everything I have tried is wonderful. Service is always very good. Several local eateries use their GF foods, like US Egg and Spinato's for example. More eateries are listed on their website. Did I mention that I love this place?
A great place to buy baked goods, including a wonderful assortment of bagels and breads, for those with food allergies. Sandwiches on menu could be improved a little. Everything I have purchased to use at home has been delicious!!
This place is awesome!  They really have a nice setup. Besides the food being amazing, the location is super cute! I always get a panini or salad but they have tons of sandwiches and subs, as well as an Italian Beef right from Chicago. My fiance goes crazy for the beef and the homemade meatball sandwich. You can tell that they use very fresh ingredients and the best quality food. The staff is superb as well! Great addition to the Northeast side. They are a favorite of mine and will definitely be a favorite of many soon!
The sandwiches are delicious. It really seems like great care is taken with the food. 

The hot sandwiches hit the grill for a few minutes, worth the wait. The veggie panini has a great garlicky flavor, and is served on soft toasty bread. With a mixed veggie medley & cheese, it sounded strange but is an unlikely winner.  I bet any other veggie sandwich combos they come up with would be stellar.

The cold egg salad sandwich is solid too. 

Nice service.
Delicious!  I had the turkey Panini and homemade potato leek soup.  So Good.  Super friendly staff and great, affordable menu.

Office outing for lunch today!
A little pricey, especially for chips and drinks, but the sandwiches are very tasty. They've added a couple of cheaper options like a patty melt that are fantastic. And free cookies!
I found this place via a google search for Italian Deli's in Madison last Friday and was very pleased with the results.  I had woke up that morning thinking about a good deli style Italian sandwich and this totally satisfied my craving.  While waiting for my sandwich I learned they also deliver within 5 miles and have Italian Beef sandwiches!  I move up here from Chicago 7 years ago and have been unsuccessfully looking for an authentic Italian Beef joint since.  So today, my fellow Chi-town transplants and I all ordered Italian Beef sandwiches and were really impressed.  This was not the typical Madison version Italian Beef sandwich (what we call French Dip in Chicago), but a real honest sloppy and savory Italian Beef.  If you live/work around the East Side of Madison and you haven't tried this place, you are missing out.  This has definitely been added to our short list of favorite lunch spots near work.

On a side note, one of my coworkers is gluten intolerant and found out that all of their stuff can be made gluten-free.  I think she was more excited than me :)
This was really good. We called ahead for 5 subs to go; everybody loved them. Even the little kiddies.  I Don't write yelp reviews very often, but these Sammies were outstanding!
Delicious!  I got a chicken bacon avocado panini and it was really good. My husband got their house sub ( we can't remember the name) but it was really good too. It is a little pricy at 8 or 9 per sandwich but they use quality ingredients so it's definitely worth it.  Oh and we got complimentary chocolate chip cookies and those were delicious too! Definitely going back but probably only for carryout as there are only a few seats available.
I've eaten here 3 times, and it's always been pretty good.  The sandwiches are pretty tasty. The soup is good. They give you free cookies. I had a pesto pasta salad that was also good. Nothing amazing, just solid food.

The staff is extremely nice. They cook everything fresh, so it does take a bit for them to cook your food. They do deliver, so that is a great option.
Someone recommended this place to me last week and I have been back 3 times since. I have had their philly cheesesteak, cheeseburger and their italian panini. All of them have been the best I have had. I am determined to have one of everything on their menu.
Great food that mostly seems to be made in house. The prepackaged house salad was surprisingly delicious! Excellent customer service and a willingness to customize dishes. You can add seasonal veggies to the pastas and can get a homemade chocolate chip cookie all for free! Will definitely be returning. Not sure how I managed to miss this gem for a whole year.
I ate at Crostini as I was passing through Madison to Chicago. The owner was very friendly and the panini pressed sandwiches were delicious. I split the farmer's market and turkey, spinach and artichoke paninis with a friend. Both were fresh and flavorful. They have gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Also, the jazz piano music playing in the background was a nice touch.
Best Chicago Italian Beef I have had outside Chicago. The owner recommended the Italian Beef. He was very friendly and helpful. The sandwich was perfectly crunchy and tasted fresh. Throw some fresh, homemade giardiniera on top and a free fresh baked cookie on the side. I'm sold.
Delicious- The service is great, the food is fantastic and they heve GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS! The Italian Beef rocks, and the turkey/ cranberry panini is also great. They serve San Pellegrino and other upmarket bevvies,, and then there's the free cookie.... Eaten here about a half dozen times. Try it, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Absolutely delicious!!!! I had the California chicken sandwich and added red onions.  This is an amazing sandwich and I could eat this every day.  Their broccoli cheese soup is great!  Fast and friendly service.  I will definitely be going back here over and over and over
After reading all of these great 5 star reviews, I wanted to love Crostini. I really did, but i'm so sad to say my experience there was not very good. 

So for those you of that have never tried it, here is an overview with my yesterday experiences:
Parking was complicated. There is not really a designated parking area that I could find. There are signs that say for the apartment complex "corner parking only" which I was a little confused by. I did ask the Crostini employees, and they said they thought it was ok to park in those spots. So yeah....not sure if they have parking or don't?
Mad construction right now all around Crostini, but I give them mad props for staying open during it! Good work on that. 

No Bathrooms! None.
So if you have to use a bathroom, go before you come here, or as my wife said to me, "if you can deal with the grossness of the bathroom around the corner at the coffee shop, which will remain nameless", you can use that one if you buy something there. 

Atmosphere: Pretty chill jazz music in the back ground, very clean! A good place to sit and read a book outside. Good for 1 or 2 people (not larger groups). 

Ok, so usually I can deal with confusing parking, construction, and no bathroom but here is the kicker...
From the time we ordered our food, sat and waited......food to go. It took a solid 25 minutes--- With no line....
There was a group of 3 people, that looked like they had been there awhile waiting for their food as well. They finally recieved their food and I heard the counter girl say, "sorry for the wait, I put a bunch of $1 off coupons in your bag for next time". 

After these people left, My wife and I were the only customer there, and I still sat for at least 10 minutes more waiting for my food. 2 panini's only!!!! Seriously. A Meatball panini and a gyro panini. That was all I ordered.

Toward the end of waiting after the only other poeple in the place left another guy came in and a employee working there must have known him and decided to have a conversation with the guy about the night before and where they partied (he was also ordering food). Rather than continue making my order, I seriously was a second away from asking for my $ back and just leaving. 

The food:
My Gyro Panini was pretty tiny considering it was over $6. It tasted good, I'll give them that. It did not come with any side (a very small pickle and green olive only) But there is no way I'm headed back there to pay that much $ for a small grilled cheese, looked like standard cheap (very cheap) white bread and a couple of small pieces of beef/lamb slapped together and crushed with 1 slice of chedder. Nope. 
My wife got a Meatball Panini. I ate 1/4 it because I was starving after my small panini which felt like I had ate an appetizer. Her's was about double the size of mine but lacked flavor. It was meatballs, cheese and bread. Pretty much a meatball sub (but they called it a panini???)
So the food was nothing even close to resembeling 5 stars. What a let down. I'd say 2 to 3 stars if they are lucky. 

The place is tiny. Don't expect to find enough room to have a nice sit down meal if you have multiple people in your group, and just a heads up it's an "order at the counter and wait for your food" kind of place, which is ok. There is nothing wrong with that, but I guess for the person reading this Yelp review, they might want to know that before thinking they are headed there for a nice sit down with a server type of meal---It's not like that. 

I did get  my free chocolate cookie, as I read on other Yelp reviews about. Yup, it was a cookie. 
Unlike the people that sat and waited who knows how long before me I was not offered a "sorry for the wait" or any $1 off coupons. 
Just a--- Here is your food, and a bag pushed my way from behind the counter. 

So Yeah, not what I was expecting based off all the great reviews.
I'm really bummed about this one. I just feel like I missed out on something that every one keeps saying is so awesome. Man, maybe it was just bad timing...I don't know. I'm just really bummed that this place was not as awesome as everyone said it was. 
I should have taken a picture of my tiny panini to show you all (but i didn't) sorry, I was just so hungry from waiting for so long that I never thought of it.  I don't want to shame Crostini and more than I have.....because obviously there are 5 star reviewers out there who love this place, and I wish I had been one of them.
I had pretty much been ignoring this place since it opened because I can't eat gluten, so I was assuming that sandwiches=glutenous bread. Last week my partner was all like, "Ever been to this place?" and I was all like, "Um, I haven't been to a sandwich shop in years." But he checked out the menu online and they had some gluten free options, so we decided to check it out. And I am so glad we did. Oh! You have no idea how wonderful it is to taste a damn good sandwich after years of eating bread that tastes like sand. I had the California Chicken panini. It was the stuff of dreams. Hot, gooey, cheesy, flavorful dreams. I am looking forward to our next visit!
The pork and chicken tamales are delicious and their green salsa is to die for! My friend said, "these are the best tamales I have had in Vegas" and I agree. However, I have given this new restaurant three stars because the tamale size is disappointing. One tamale was about half the size of what I was used to! My friend said, "they look like fat taquitos."

I would love to revisit this restaurant once they figure out the portioning issues... Until then, my search for the perfect tamale continues!
Grand Opening was today, I've been waiting for this day since I got to Vegas!

We ordered the "Dozen Tamales" for $16.99. Came out to about $4.50 for 3 tamales. If you don't buy in bulk it's around $2.50-3 per tamale. The lady charged us for the price of chicken instead of beef ($19.99) because they ran out. 

So, the tamales... Honestly. I've had much better. They were decent, but the filling was too plain and bland in my opinion. Basically just meat in the center. And the size was way disappointing! At most 4 bites. Beef was better than chicken but still just satisfactory. It was a good fix after not having tamales for a long time but I wouldn't come here regularly. 

I'll come back when the portions match the prices!

Also, there are only 3 chairs in the place. To-go only.
The tamales are delicious and perfectly seasoned. The owner was the person who greeted me on this visit. She was really sweet and offered samples of the tamales she makes from scratch, a family recipe handed down 4 generations.  I ended up getting an order of beef and chicken tamales. Also the owner threw in some bean tamales for us to try.  The order packaged in foil and came with two little cups of green salsa in the bag. When I got home it was still steamy hot when I unwrapped the corn husk. The beef tamales are the ones to go for. Chicken ones were good but just a tad dry and not as flavorful to my taste buds. Then again I'm not a big fan of white meat anyways.
  
This place is strictly a take-out joint. There is no seating or dining area available. That's a drawback for me since I like dining out. Their menu does indicate they do deliver, so plus points for tamales home delivery! And as other reviews indicated the tamales are small. I don't know how it would go over with people who have bigger appetites than I do especially if you are planning to have it as a meal. The portion sizes do make perfect appetizers or a satifsying light snack though.  Price point wise it is affordable, under 10 bucks, but Mr. B commented and I agree that the fast food Mexi places in the area are cheaper and you get more (portion wise) for your money.
 
Despite those minor issues, I would keep this place in mind. These tamales are good. I take meals made in house/made from scratch over the frozen processed fast food places any day.  Don't let the star rating deter you away from here. More power to young women like this owner who have the cajones to open a small business in this tough economy.
The owner is the sweetest lady!! And for the tamales, they are very good! yes, they are small FOR NOW, but she did explain that she is fixing the issue of the size!! I only tried the beef so far but my boyfriend has had both chicken and beef and he has been to tamale hut literally 3 times since they opened 4 days ago!! The customer service is uhhhhhmazing and we will DEFINITELY continue to go :)
Been waiting for this place to open since I saw the sign go up a few weeks ago.  They sure delivered.  The tamales are awesome!  Ordered the dozen, and not only did the owner throw in some bean tamales to sample, but she added more meat tamales of my choice because she's been getting slack on yelp.  Totally unnecessary, but much appreciated.

I loved the beef tamales, while the wife preferred the chicken.  The salsa is tasty with a pretty good kick.  And the beans, don't forget the beans, pure awesome!

We'll definitely be coming back.  The owner is an absolute sweetheart, and the customer service is top notch.
Recently moved to Henderson and drive by this place everyday. Finally stopped in and was definitely not disappointed. Tried the chicken and the pork and the owner threw in two free bean tamales which was really cool. The pork was excellent and so was the chicken. The owner was talking to someone on the phone about the portion size and even before I knew what she was talking about she said she was going to throw in an extra pork tamale until she gets the sizes corrected. I got the vibe that she really cared and I appreciate that sort of thing. The green sauce was bomb. It was pretty spicy and I can see that will bring complaints in the future but please don't change it. The dining area and kitchen both looked impeccably clean as well. The staff was pleasant but the owner was truly a sweetheart. Hope this place makes it. Will definitely be coming back.
Went there tonight right before they close. The owner and her staff are so nice and the family recipe of tamales are so good and being from Hispanic decent its hard to find authentic mexican food and the flan is amazing too. The rice and beans are really good as well. I would really want to see what else the can make from scratch though like a soup or another dish. It's a must try!
The owner was really nice. But for this price I felt like I was getting robbed with out a gun. Much rather  get a pizza. Also the masa was very dry something they must fix.
Update! Wow, impressed with the improvements made from the time they opened since last month.  

The tamales they serve up here have increased portion wise. Good standard size with a nice amount of filling. Now these can really qualify for a satisfying meal especially when you order the lunch/dinner special that comes with rice and beans which is sooo good too.  The tamales are just as delicious the first time I tried it with the masa ..moist and flavorful throughout and prices are still the same.
 
They also were able to work in a little seating area against the wall. So now you can dine here. Perfect for those who want to have a quick lunch. There's also a small bistro table out in front too. 

Oh they also have cold case display with their desserts. Today was flan! Don't leave the place without buying one! Rich and creamy goodness.

It was already a near five with the delish food, but I held back because of the minor issues. Bumped up stars because  I'm impressed the owner was able to address the feedback (although some I read on here are was a bit crass and not justified)  and make the few changes. Shows she cares about her customers.
A little more money than I expected but I loved the rice and beans which I usually don't enjoy so I guess it's a better value than a Mexican restaurant that I toss those items out. The tamales were flavorful, moist, and the hot sauce was delicious. I'll definitely be back. No seating is the only complaint.
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered 
1. 1 dozen tamales (half chicken and pork), 16.99
2. 2 Beef tamales with rice and iced tea, 9.49
3. free cookie with yelp check-in
for $7 (Used $10 LivingSocial deal valued for $20)

- Great taste! Just like abuelita. haha. But probably more meat and less corn dough.
- I recommend the beef over the chicken and pork. 
- Great service! We asked for no beans, all rice only, and when we got our lunch special they put beans! haha. It was okay though, because they ended up making the lunch special again with the 2 tamales and rice! We scored 2 extra tamales for a mix up in order! nice. 
- Cookie is a bit doughy, but no real complaints. Nice dessert after the meal. 
- We asked if we can get uncooked tamales and just store them in the freezer since a dozen is a lot, but they couldn't do that for us. 
- Not much seating. When they said hut, I think that's what was implied. Table a bit high for chairs. 
- If you think about it, WinCo sells 10 beef tamales for $9. If you have the LivingSocial deal, 12 beef tamales are 20, but actually 10, so it's way better and cheaper to get them here!
The tamales are good. We tried spicy pork green chile, green chile & cheese, beef, and spinach. Spinach was the worst - hardly any filling. Spicy pork is seriously spicy. Beef was the best flavor and most generous with the filling.

Apparently the sizes have increased, but they're still pretty small - about half the size of the tamales I can get from my friends' nanas around Christmas!

Prices are a little high (~$2.50/tamale, no sides or drink included), but pretty good if you have a groupon.

There is a small counter with 3 stools inside the restaurant, so it's definitely a takeout type of place.
This small restaurant specializes in tamales with several varieties available off both the written menu and hand written specials board.  It is primarily a takeout restaurant though there are a few seats available at a counter with less than stable stools and a couple of tables outside on the patio.  We ordered a Mexican Coca Cola and 4 tamales:  (2) green chili with chicken, (1) green chili with cheese and (1) chicken.  These were all pretty good though we felt the masa harina dough was a little heavier than we have experienced on trips to Texas.
Excellent tamales, flavors galore. So many specialty options, there's something for everyone. The jabanero salsa is very spicy for those who like it hot. Red sauce and tomatillo sauce are also made in house. All meat fillings are house ground meats. The ratio of masa to filling is just right. And the consistency of the masa is firm but moist -- not overly mushy like some tamales. 

For those who complain about the size of the tamales, note that more masa in itself does not make a better tamale!  These tamales are about the length of an adult hand, and about 2" in diameter. The prices are so good, you can totally stuff your belly with the 4 tamale combo for about $7. 

If they would put in a few tables, and replace the outdoor ones with some reasonable size chairs, I would give 5 stars.

Oh, and I forgot to mention that I have Celiac Disease. Having a restaurant where nearly everything in the place is naturally gluten free is a Godsend!  Thank you, Tamale Hut!
I was really excited about this place, because I love Tamales! However, I did not love these Tamales! They are flavorless, and bland as can be...zero flavor!!!! Texture is a little weird too, over steamed or something, not sure what the deal is. Customer service is great though.
Having been away from Los Angeles the past year, I have been craving some nice pork tamales, so I have this place a try, 1) super fast service, 2) it's made fresh right in front of you and 3) it's right off the freeway exit, the tamales were really good but the only reason I'm taking a star away is that the per portions for the price were way off, each tamale was half the size of the ones I'm used to in LA and same price, the rather need to charge less per or double the size and then they will deserve that fifth star, until I find another tamale spot, I shall be back
I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit of a tamale snob. I find it very hard to find a really good tamale and I have to say I still haven't been able to find a great place in town to get my tamale fix. 

I saw the Living Social for this spot and just had to give them a chance since tamales are some of my favorite foods. We dropped by while we were in the area since I knew my deal was about to expire soon. I decided to get a dozen to go. They are $16.99 for a dozen pork, $19.99 for a dozen beef and since I was interested in trying quite a few flavors they quoted me $26.99. Seemed a little pricy, but I still gave them a shot. 

The tamales were wrapped and traveled well, but when we got to our final destination I was sad to see how puny they were, strike one. My favorite tamale place in LA sells them for a lot cheaper and they are nearly triple the size. I decided to look beyond size and hope for the best in the taste department. Well, they lacked a bit there as well. The spices were good, but the filling was severely lacking, strike two. Mostly masa and just a little bit of stuffing. The flavors weren't particularly distinct ether, strike three. I tried a few of pretty much every flavor that offered and I couldn't really decipher what was what despite them labeling them well. The meats were dry, the cheeses weren't gooey and the masa was much more grainy than I like. We also tried one of their dessert tamales for good measure. It was ok and had a nice subtle flavor, but didn't excite me too much. 

Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I was really looking forward to this trying the Tamale Hut and I was severely let down. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd probably give them a chance and order a lunch combination or maybe an individual tamale just to give them another chance, but I don't see myself going out of my way to go back.
I had a Living Social voucher which expired on the 24th. Since I live in the other side of town, I made a trip over there on the 23rd to use my voucher only to find out that they were closed until the 25th(interesting). I contacted Living Social and was told that they would accept the voucher. I made another trip across town today to try and redeem my voucher to be told it would only be valid for the purchase price. I was also told that I had 3 months to use the voucher. When I explained that I live on the other side of town, I was told 'Well then you shouldn't have bought the voucher.' If this is how they treat potential customers, it's an extremely poor way to do business
Muy bueno!
The pineapple tamale was surprisingly good. I also tried the pork, chili and spinach/chicken. 
Good flavors, tasty fillings but not enough sauce. I should have asked for more!
There really isn't seating inside, so be warned that you will be taking out your food. This isn't a great location either, it's awkward to get into this strip mall. But I made it work and am glad I did!
They have a speciality tamale menu which isn't very prominent, they should feature this more!
The menu only has the regular tamale list, and the other list could be missed.
More like A-NOT ok! I 'm sorry to see another business has closed in this area and another persons dream crushed. The owner was so excited and proud of her product and new venture when she first took my order. I was impressed that this young lady was able to start a business in this tough economy. It was evident she poured her heart and soul into it.

When I did my initial review, it wasnt a glowing one. I came in the second time around,  the owner obviously knew who I was and she couldn't look me in the eye, she clearly was hurt. I kinda felt bad cause there were a lot of negative reviews. But the review I did was constructive criticism for the most part. Cant speak for the others. 

She did listen to her customers, I was pleasantly surprised with all the changes she made. I was happy to update my review to reflect the improvements.  But I guess you cant please everybody. I noticed a sign last week that advertised they sold tacos and made a mental note to swing by and give it a try. When I drove up  the lights were out and the place is closed for good. How sad. Now all I can picture was that hurt look she had. I never would wish that on anyone. My best wishes and good luck on your future ventures Angelica and your sweet abuela too.
Great to finally have a restaurant/bar move into this long vacant space in my hood!
Was treated to lunch for donating a backpack to CCSD. Kudos for having this charity event!
The space is quite impressive, with an atrium main dining area and earthy/modern decor.
The crab stack appetizer was good with an elegant plating. The lamb chops were a little overcooked but had good flavor, and were served with tasty white beans.  The flourless chocolate cake was pretty amazing, and I'm not a chocolate dessert fan.
Sammy's is off to a good start in Green Valley!
Great food, great service! A must try if your around Green Valley Parkway and Pebble area. Bbq Gouda chicken pizza and toffee pudding was delish!! The hot stone steak appetizer is also a must try. They brew a really refreshing passion iced tea as well.
I am so excited to have this fabulous restaurant so close to my home. The food here is so good, and I plan on eating here a lot! I love love the salads, especially the shrimp salad, I could eat it daily! The pizzas are wonderful, the crab stack appetizer, chicken lettuce cups, literally everything is delicious. This is destined to be one of my favorite places!
The restaurant is beautiful. The food is very good. Will I be back? I don't really think so. 

This is a very interesting review to write because while the food was quite good, as well as the fact that the restaurant is on the cutting edge of modern design, I left feeling somewhat disappointed. 

It's very apparent that Sammy's is attempting to be the new trendy hot spot in the neighborhood. The comfortable place where you can go to get pizzas, salads, and sundaes as an entire family, is no more. While all that is still on the menu, and those selections are the same as they used to be, tapas takes the forefront. 

The decor is gorgeous. But the flaws outweigh the beauty. There are too many tables for the space available and the large, modern, wicker chairs don't made it any easier to maneuver through the restaurant. I was sitting in a seat where I could see everyone come into the restaurant and be seated. There was literally not enough space to get to your seat, as in, the hostess had to actually move a table to allow for the customers to get through. I felt bad for the older customers, as well as the bigger customers in there, as it was apparent that they were having a very difficult time getting to their seat and then leaving afterward. 

The food was good, but factoring the price, sort of disappointing. I'm aware that finer ingredients make the meal cost more. I have no problem going to a Lawry's or a Joe's Stone Crab because I feel that what I get justifies the price. But $12 for a single crab cake that's just petite and took two people sitting at my table a cumulative of three bites to finish is just unfulfilling. Sammy's is trying to be the next Firefly, minus the salmonella, but what you get just doesn't cut it.

Sammy's is desperately trying to be the trendiest place in all of Green Valley. But if I want to get tapas or a high-quality dinner and enjoy a great time with friends, I want to be in a place that's welcoming and there are far better options. 

It seems that Sammy's is doing everything right on paper, but isn't factoring the most important element to a restaurant, making the customer feel at home.
My friend Sarah Jane invited me to the Sammy's elite event as her plus 1, but when she wasn't able to make it. She somehow got me invited with a plus 1 to the Sammy's VIP event a few nights later. I love that girl!

This was a complete success from start to finish. They executed this event perfectly. I was greeted at the door and she easily found my name. My friend wasn't there yet, so she wrote her name next to mine and assured me she would have no issues getting in. 

As I walked in I was greeted by more people, one offered me a glass of champagne. I went to the bar and almost immediately someone came up to me to offer a slice of pizza. The flow of the food was perfectly timed. It seemed just as I would finish one thing someone else was offering me a new item. Pretty much every thing I tried was delicious. The pizzas were great. My two absolute favorites were the Goat Cheese (Sauted mushrooms, garlic spinach and red onion - which I took off) and Five Cheese (Gouda, Raclette, Romano, Mozzarella, and Gorgonzola - perfect). The Garlic chicken was my least favorite, although I did like the BBQ Chicken (Smoked Gouda, BBQ Sauce, Cilantro - I removed the ren onion, of course)

The duck tacos were great. I really liked the tomato/cilantro sauce. Duck is definitely one of my most under eaten but favorite meats. I love when a restaurant isn't afraid to use it. They also had a duck quesadilla that was pretty delicious. I was in duck heaven. 

Some other yummy things that I tried: Some kind of tuna on a cracker - perfect and some kind of fish tacos. Both were good, but I really liked the tuna. The specialty cracker (it didn't really taste like a regular cracker) paired perfectly with the tuna. I could have eaten 100 of those. So good!!

One of the only things I didn't like too much was the hummus. I'm not sure exactly what about it. Maybe I was just stuffed as it was one of the last things I tried, but I think I just didn't like it. 

Even the house red wine they were serving was pretty good. I tried a few of the specialty cocktails and although they were good. I'm not a cocktail girl.

Everyone was so friendly. Great customer service. We sat at the bar the majority of the night and even though the staff seemed very busy they were attentive. The venue is awesome. Large bar right in the middle. There's an atrium style room to one side with large windows. There's also going to be a tavern open 24/7 linked to the restaurant. 

I can't wait to come back on Thursday for ladies night. Ladies drink 2 for 1 8pm to 12am and also to try the mac and cheese, made with Tillamook Cheddar, my favorite!
Ooh this place in the Green Valley hood is open 24/7! That was the first thing I noticed when I read the 411 about  the new Sammy's restaurant. Because when I have 3am cravings for duck tacos or I want a dessert for breakast(which is the very first thing I did on my official visit here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-restaurant-bar-and-grill-henderson?selected=nd2mtwNWS3VTUtSsgh3esw#6toCyEXOe6hYjLnFocaugw) I know very well where to go now!
  
Yes I have dined here 4 times already! Had fun trying out the Brie French toast during the mock breakfast. Had a blast when they hosted the Yelp Elite Event ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/elite-event-yelps-red-carpet-affair-sammys-henderson#hrid:n04td4eR6icK6Zxru0ZlCQ ) and been back twice now since they officially opened.  It's safe to say I'm a fan.
 
The standouts for me are their tapas and dessert offerings. The tapas menu is pretty unique and has an international flair.  There's Asian and Mediterranean cuisine thrown in as well...or should I say fused together..IE their Duck Tacos! Mini taco shells filled with shredded duck,creamy feta cheese and cilantro. They surprisingly pulled off the combo of ingredients. The Hot Rock is another tapas dish and must try. The beef is presented to you raw  marinated in ponzu sauce. You have to grill it yourself on a super HOT rock that is on top salt rock crystals which keeps the rock heated. I only wish they would give you a little more slices of beef for the amount you pay for this dish. 
 
For desserts, the Sticky Toffee Pudding is wicked good! Sweet moist cake served over a warm toffee sauce that eventually soaks thru. It's paired with a scoop of vanilla ice cream to balance the sweet stuff.  Yeah those evil sweets, so best have dessert in the morning so you have all day to burn those calories off! That doesn't help though I was back later for dinner and shared the Messy Sundae with Mr. B.  Caramel and Chocolate sauce, walnuts, whip cream all over the place ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-restaurant-bar-and-grill-henderson?selected=nd2mtwNWS3VTUtSsgh3esw#l1e1s-4NV_6JNx6gDOgvHg) ..need I say more?
 
I also appreciate the focus is on healthy, fresh and organic, like the eggs for the omelet I had were cage free. Yummy Vegetarian, Vegan and Gluten free dishes are also served.  Adding their Baba Ghanoush to my #Meatless Monday rotation.


Atmosphere ..love it! Casual cool and inviting.  The livingroom-like dining area on the right side is the place to be! Its another huge factor that plays into this place for being one of the designated neighborhood places to dine. Its open and airy,  natural lighting during the day. Love the wicker furnishings it didn't feel cramped at all, the floor to ceiling glass were actually doors that slide open and voila!! It converts to a patio! When its not windy they have it opened up. I'm all about dining  al fresco!

The small negatives -  Breakfast was just okay. I did like what I had though. I think the price point for what you get is just a tad much. I'm guessing maybe because the demographic makeup of this area they mainly cater to can afford it. This place for sure is not your "I come here to-get-my-daily -breakfast-burrito- place. Oh and steak and fries $25? That's a bit much too. Other than that, there's enough dishes well worth it. 
 
Service has been great! They are well staffed in all the areas. There was a little wait time to be seated but it was crowded at the entrance.  NOTE: They do take reservations and the manager I talked to also said OpenTable will be implemented soon.  So I highly advise you make reservations especially for dinner time hours.
  
Well those are the deets! I'm sure Ill have more foodporn pix pop up soon enough since you'll find me here often! Welcome to the neighborhood Sammys!
I was really excited about Sammy's especially from all the great reviews at the Yelp Elite Event. Unfortunately it fell a little short for me. However, I am willing to go back again and give it another try. 

We ordered the Mediterranean Appetizer, Waygu burger, pear prosciutto and arugula pizza as well as the toffee dessert. 

The appetizer was delicious. I would order it again, the babaganoush and the cheese were my favorites. 

The Burger - Oh how we wanted to love you. The patty was well cooked and delicious, the bun was a soggy wet mess. It literally fell apart. I will attach a pic of what the bun looked like once we got it. He ended up just eating the burger alone and taking the remains of the bun off altogether. 

The Pizza- Delicious! It was a bit heavy on the cheese but I liked it. 

The Dessert- It tasted pretty good however it wasn't warm at all, not even room temperature. I asked the waitress if it was supposed to be warm ... I kid you not 18 minutes later she still said she had no idea. It was confirmed at the end by the chef it should have been. 

Management did comp our dessert which was very nice but not necessary. 

Service- Extremely slow, asked for napkins and we never got them. Had to ask for water after our glasses were empty. Our waitress was nice however she really wasn't around, Multiple people in our section complained about her. We waited about 10 minutes just to get the bill, then the waitress said she forgot and we had to wait some more. 

I'm hoping we just caught them on an off day. I like the ambiance and the location is perfect. Our waitress suggested we wait a couple more weeks before returning because its "crazy". 

We will do just that: be back in November Sammy's.
To be fair, this was our second time dining at the upgraded version of Sammy's on Green Valley Parkway and we will NOT BE RETURNING.

The breakfasts consist of the same Sysco-type food that every other restaurant in Henderson (and Vegas for that matter)  have to offer.  The same frozen potatoes with peppers, small eggs from GMO fed farms (organic cage-free doesn't mean gmo free) and grossly processed meat.  So save a few bucks and just dine at the Grand Cafe up the street for the same low quality.  What ever you do, don't order your eggs scrambled - it's nasty.   Not sure what mix or cream they used, but it was like eating yellow creamy foam.  Never again.  I will drive the extra miles just to get the best breakfast on earth at EAT downtown.

For a place that boasts "gluten-free" options, I was stunned that they didn't even offer gluten free bread for breakfast.  Their juice drinks at $4+ a clip aren't even fresh - rather they are poured from a bottle and/or the equivalent to drinking a Coke.  

Cheap ingredients and originality is very low.  The pizzas could have been frozen for all I knew.  Bland and no flavor.   If you like matzo crackers, then the artisan pizzas are for you.  The salads were wilted and over poured with dressing.

During BOTH visits, the staff refused to give me box for our pizza!  They offered to "box" it, yet BOTH times they ruined two left over pizzas  by wrapping them securely  in aluminum foil!   Who does this?   Do they think  the toppings won't stick to the foil?  Or maybe that people with a nice car don't want food leaking???  When I asked for a "box", I was told, "we don't give out boxes".  Mind you, they give boxes for take out, but if you buy two of the most expensive pizzas and only eat half, you get foil.  I told her that I would pay for a box and so the waitress returned with a plastic container that was clearly too small for the pizza and said "will this do"? Then she walked away in a huff.   The two California investors for this restaurant standing by did nothing.

It is my hope that the CA investors who are constantly on the floor and yet strangely never  interact with patrons, will bring in a few experienced servers from California to demonstrate to Las Vegas waitstaff how the job should be done.  This "i will probably only ever serve you once" mentality is best left for Las Vegas Blvd.
Just had lunch here. I've been watching it being built and finally made it over after they opened. Totally honest I've never heard of it besides this location so I was expecting like a TGIF since it's in a office building area. Much to my delight it was very nice inside and a much classier place. 

Pros: awesome menu and even better beer selection! 

Cons: kinda pricey, spot on for the "area" since it's across the highway from The District but two lunches and 4 "craft" draft beers later was like $55! 

The price won't stop us from coming back. It'll be interesting to see how this place works out after a few months. Service was great but they had a ton of people on the wait staff since they just opened. 

Looking forward to trying dinner! Thanks for the Kobe burgers and Rogue beer!
With a fantastic yelp event at Sammy's already under my belt, I was really wanting to go back for some great food!  

We wanted to bring our neighbor here since he doesn't live here full time.  He's a 'smooth' talker.  He walked around the restaurant, saw the huge corner table was empty and immediately went to the hostesses to ask for that table.  It was reserved but they hadn't showed up yet and were late for their reservation.   One of the managers said if they didn't show up in 5 minutes the table was ours!   Lady luck!  They sat just the 3 of us at this huge comfy table!  Nice!

Kimberly was our fantabulous waitress!  She was bubbly, attentive and just plain awesome!  We kept trying to talk her into joining us for our meal.  Of course she was working and couldn't explain that one to her boss.  But she was a delight for our entire dining experience.  

Hot Rock appetizer anyone?  It was so good the first time and was just the same this evening.   The steak was full of flavor as we cooked it to our enjoyment.   This will probably be ordered every time we visit Sammy's.   Delicious!

We decided to go family style and split everything we ordered.  This included the Kobe beef sliders with fries and the Hawaiian Pizza.  OH MY!    Full of flavor and perfectly cooked describes both of the items to a T! The thinly sliced pineapple on the pizza instead of chunks gave the pizza an all over evenly hawaiian pizza taste!  I loved this way of preparation because sometimes you just get all pineapple on one piece when it's in chunks.   Hawaiian Pizza ~ A+ !   The 3 kobe sliders were cooked to our liking (medium rare) with cheddar evenly melted on top.  Sometime even the more simple burgers can be the best! 

Sammy's is definitely an asset to Henderson and I can't wait to go back again.  The food and service are definitely top notch!
I went here for dinner tonight. The food was very good. But the staff did not seem knowledgeable. I'm in the restaurant industry. I have always worked where you need to know the menu. I ordered a glass of reisling and the server asked if it was red or white! I asked about the Greek yogurt on the menu she didn't know it was there. Upon leaving I asked the manager about it and he didn't know about it either. It still says 24 hours on website and menu but it's not! I will be back for the food. I just won't ask any questions. Get it together!
Great local gaming bar. Friendly bartenders. I would recommend better signage on the back entrance to the gaming bar and two more TVs behind the bar. Otherwise a gray place to watch a game.
I have not one complaint about this place. I norm sit at the bar whn ever Im here. The bartenders are fast and attentive they def make for an enjoyable time and very friendly. The decor is hip and cool love the patio set up and big couches. Food so far so good I hvnt had a dish I did not like and you can order cotton candy for dessert!! Where they do that at!? I will say the drinks are a tad pricey but they have happy hrs and drink deals each night so it makes up for it :)
After the yelp elite event (which was fantastic) I knew I had to return to Sammy's for a meal.  I'm glad I did.  I had lunch on a weekday and it was busy.  Not packed, but at least half full.  Very brisk business.  I sat in the kind of half couch tables that face the bar.  VERY comfortable and unique.  Had a good view of the TV, but you have to turn your head slightly.  Service was a little spotty as the bartender was busy.  This is why I usually don't sit in the bar area at restaurants when I am dining.  However, once I ordered, my food was out very quickly.

I had the sliders with fries and added gorgonzola cheese.  Fantastic.  The bun is soft and toasty and did not fall apart.  This was particularly impressive as the burger was JUICY.  The patties are flavorful.  I could use a little more of the sauce, next time I order them I'll probably ask for more on the side.  The fries are good, thin and crispy with some nice seasoning.  

Cool design and atmosphere with a comprehensive menu.  We'll definitely come back.
Quick look: quality and affordable comfort food. Specialty is gourmet wood oven pizzas and massive salads. Very comfortable, open air room - if you can figure out how to get to the front door! 

In depth review: very familiar with this Vegas Valley chain and decided to try it out on a Monday night. After a few minutes of navigation through the adjacent business park trying to figure out how to find Sammy's parking lot and entrance, we walked in and were surprised at how busy it was. Bar had a good crowd for MNF. After waiting a couple minutes we were seated at a large table / booth towards the front (facing Green Valley Parkway). It was a chilly Monday night and they did have one of the sliding glass walls open. I enjoyed the fresh air but my lady was cold (as usual). So bring a sweater or jacket if you go in Fall / Winter season at night. 

Service was prompt. Our waiter was still trying to master the little touch screen they use to take orders. He suggested a flatbread appetizer that comes with three different Hummus style dipping sauces. So we ordered that along with a margarita pizza and a grilled shrimp salad. Explained to him that we wanted the pizza and the salad brought out together as our entrees and that we would split them. So we wait about 25 minutes (too long) and finally our flat bread and dip came out to munch on as an appetizer. As soon as I reach for it another runner arrives with our entrees in hand. Was not too pleased and explained that we just got our appetizer and please take the entrees back. For some reason many quality places in Vegas have this issue with timing and seem to want to turn tables as fast as they can?!

Waiter comes back and apologizes. Blames it on the kitchen (obviously). Either way, we enjoy the appetizer and the entrees come out later. They were great. The salad was massive and could easily feed 2 - 3 people. The pizza was cooked perfect and blew similar style at a CPK or Settebello out of the water! 

We were too full for desert but I could see the tables around us ordering them and they looked delicious. Actually they looked massive and could easily be shared. 

Really not going to hold the issue with timing against them. They are a new spot and obviously need to work out some kinks in their operation. Our waiter was super polite and we think he will be just fine as soon as he masters that touch pad. He did comp the appetizer and our drinks. Manager never came to table to apologize but we are sure he signed off on the comp. Also did not get a good night when we walked out and past the hostess - but thats OK. 

We will be back. It's a really nice casual spot and very reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you. Great location and it should do just fine.
Love the staff! We had dinner and feel in love with the food. We watch Monday night football in their gaming area. They could use some more TVs and they ran out of my beer. "Bud lite ". 
I will go back!
Gave it a whirl. 
Really like the indoor yet outdoor feeling of the "patio" dining area.
I love their patio dining atmosphere... open, airy and just all around fun... like being in someone's solarium.  The groupings of tables and "booths" which are overstuffed chairs/couches is really nice.

I'm thinking this would be a nice place for happy hour... not dark and closed in like some places... this is light and open.  

Their salads are big enough to share.
Their Mediterranean appetizer trio is awesome... love it!  
The chicken lettuce wraps are filling if you happen to get them as an entre like I did.
Well... ok... so I was full after eating most of the appetizer and then my lettuce wraps.

Next time.... if I go with my mom again... we'll order 1 salad and 1 Med appetizer and that will do us just fine.

Note... don't order a Bellini... they don't make it with peach puree or peach juice... it just came out as sparkling wine.  This was a miss.
I've been to many Sammy's in the Vegas Valley and this newest location was by far the best!

I dined at the Green Valley location for the first time with my husband on Friday. The restaurant was very busy but we did not have to wait too long for a table. The hostesses' attitudes felt abrasive and rushed. Our server was Anthony and boy were we lucky to have him. My husband being a smart-alec was firing out all sorts of questions about the menu and he answered them with ease. Anthony took us through the menu and highlighted some of the more popular items featured at Sammy's. 

We ordered the crab stack, the dipping sampler and chicken meatballs...YUM!! For dinner we had a HUGE kale salad and a Hawaiian pizza.

Our meal was timed perfectly and we received new plates and silverware before our dinner came out. Everything was spot on. My family and I will definitely return soon with our friends. Maybe even dare to try the messy sundae :)
Well anything that replaces an Applebee's is already a plus in my book. I like Sammy's Pizza, it's usually convenient when I meeting my friends who live across town or meeting friends with kids, as I find them very kid friendly. I've visited the Arroyo Crossing & the W. Sahara location multiple times and it is never a disappointment. I love their Pear & Gorgonzola pizza along with the others, BBQ, Margarita. My favorite app is the Duck Tacos (not to be confused with the duck quesadilla, not a fan). And who doesn't love the Messy Sundae? 

This location is great, huge open floor plan, bar right in the middle, but my favorite thing about this location is the wall facing Green Valley Pkwy opens up and exposes the entire restaurant to fresh air. I love it! This is definitely a great addition to the GV area. Can't wait to come and try brunch. This place is pretty decent when it comes to chain restaurants.
WOW. Finally, a meal that was worth $80. We pulled up, and it was BUSY. I mean, PACKED. 

The thing that I don't like about this place, is the set up.

 The host(ess) desk is so close to the doors, that there is maybe about two (2) feet of standing room when you are waiting to tell the greeter how many are in your party. There was at least six (6) of us waiting, trying to find out seat arrangements in a crampy space. This is with the entire restaurant though....even when we were seated. Be prepared to be real close with other people who are eating there.

My guy ran off to the bathroom, and before he even got back, our daughter and I were seated... So, the wait was probably three (3) minutes.

The decor is new, something that I haven't seen before.... Almost an outdoors-y, upscale chic with river rocks....and really nice lighting. The seats were comfortable.

Up comes our waitress (meh). Of course, ordering a beer is easy. I of course, want a yummy cocktail. I ask the waitress which she would have. Between the orange mojito, and the Soju spice. She admits that she hasn't had either, but to get the Soju Spice because "it's different".

I went along with the Soju spice ($10) and I am so glad that I did. 
--Tyku Sojo, Cilantro, Jalapeno, St. Germain Elderflower Liqueur, with Sweet & Sour.

 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !MONEY! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

A 23oz Stella was $8.

We were also given two (2) waters, and a nice full pitcher of water. Thank goodness, because that refilled our glasses twice (2), without us having to hunt our waitress down.

We decided to go with the duck tacos for an appetizer (10.50)
Feta, tomato, napa cabbage, tomato-cilantro sauce

I ordered the (fresh, never frozen) Grilled Hawaiian Mahi Tacos ($12)
Tomato-avocado salsa, napa cabbage, Chipotle sauce, flour or corn tortillas

He ordered the Kobe Beef sliders, with cheese (12.50)
Chipotle Aioli (Add gorgonzola or aged cheddar +1)

and a Thai chicken salad (11.50) to share.
Mixed greens, julienned carrots & zucchini, tomatoes, peanuts, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, Thai dressing

The duck tacos came out, and they were quite good. They were in a hard corn shell, and we both thought that they could have used a little more ,sauce on them....The duck is somewhat missing, but the lettuce, tomatos, and feta are ALL over the plate. I mean, it was like having a salad after wards.

Our entrees came, there were two (2) tacos on my plate, and I gave up one for a slider.
The slider was tender, melt in your mouth, and had so much flavor. It was one of the best that I had ever had. 

My fish taco was also impressive. The flavor was outstanding. The fish was cooked perfectly, and so moist. 

We both ordered fries with our meal, and we both asked for a side of ranch. Out with our meals came two (2) sides of ketchup, and one (1) side of ranch......interesting.

The thai chicken salad is the thing that was meh. The chicken was super dry, and even with the peanuts, the salad had no texture, and was just soggy. Definitely not worth $11.50.

With nothing but a few scattered french fries on our plates, we are waiting for them to be cleared, so we can order dessert. Our waitress passes us twice. The manager comes by, asks us how everything was.....we answer and ask for a dessert menu. He also, leaves our plates, and comes back with our dessert menu. Our plates are still not cleared when he walks away.

Our waitress comes by, and finally gathers our plates, when we order the Messy Sundae, ($9)Vanilla ice cream, chocolate & caramel sauce, walnuts, whipped cream.

We send her with our card, and get our sundae.

The ice cream, was not very creamy.... it almost had that freezer burn texture, kind of gritty. The walnuts, in my opinion, ruined it. They had that funny, dirty walnut taste... Another nut could do this dessert more justice.

While finishing up our sundae, our daughter decided to drop and break the sugar dish. Thankfully, management wasn't a jerk about it....
What can I say, we really know how to make an "exit".


We will be back, especially for happy hour!
Place is pretty big. There is 4 sections (24hr gaming bar, indoor, regular bar and a "patio" section). We got there on Sunday around 6/7pm and it was packed. There was no seating area so we had stand and wait to be seated. 

We finally got seated after 15min, the waitress got us our beverages and took our order. 

Here is what I think of this place:
- slow service/barely any service
- dishes that are already on the table is dirty (still had old food residue)
- portion size of the pizza is a bit bigger than your typical Sammy's but it's not the same because they do not have a brick oven to cook the pizza. And they didn't use the artisan crust for the Brie cheese w truffle oil "artisan crust" pizza
- prices are a lot higher than your typical Sammy
- it took over half hour to get our food and when we got it, it wasn't even what we ordered so we had to wait some more. 
- place is very loud because if the high ceiling and glass surroundings

All in all my bf and I didn't like the place. We will stick to "our" Sammy's on 215 and rainbow where it's just much more intimate w great customer service.
Our evening started out at their beautiful bar with a quinoa salad and hummus appetizer.  The salad goes nicely on top of the hummus pita actually and the atmosphere was happy, contemporary and fun with jazzy music and pretty people.
Next we enjoyed a fabulous whole wheat pizza with vegan daiya cheese, sun dried tomatoes, sauted onions, artichoke hearts and mushrooms.  It was perfect.  Our waiter Mark was fabulous and insightful with lots of seasonal suggestions.  
Lastly we enjoyed the incredible Salted Carmel Pudding and Sticky Toffee Pudding desserts.  We were pleasantly surprised to meet the owner Sammy and his wife Sharon as we dined and learned of his passion for fine food and healthy living.
We wanted to write this review because we are so grateful that Sammy and Sharon are ahead of their time in offering vegan and gluten free dishes prepared with love.  Try this and any of his other restaurants, it will become your dining room away from home!
I ate here last night for the first time and loved it! I got a grilled chicken and hummus wrap and it was so delicious.  A perfect blend of flavors!  The service was ok but far from good. The prices were very reasonable.  I will definitely go back for the food!
I was busy the evening of the Elite event at Sammy's so I did not get to attend... So when my sweet friend Jaime W. asked if she could take me here for brunch to celebrate my birthday I was stoked to check out the place so many of my Yelp friends had raved about. 

This is a gorgeous restaurant! I loved the beautiful decor...  It felt like we were dining on an island somewhere. I was also excited to see that a friend was being trained as a waitress while we were there... Sometimes it can be annoying to get a trainee as your waiter or waitress, but I enjoyed getting to see a familiar face (and she didn't make any major mistakes while serving us). 

As beautiful as the interior of Sammy's is, there were a few things that needed some work. I originally wanted one of the special 'handcrafted juice refreshers'  but they were unavailable. So I decided to get a mimosa, we were celebrating my birthday after all. Mimosas are listed as $8 on the menu with a $10 all-you-can-drink advertised as a Sunday special... but somehow, my single mimosa was $10. 

The highlight of the meal, for me, was the adorable little donuts that we started with. They were served with chocolate and raspberry sauces and were super delicious. 
The breakfast burrito I got was large, but just ok taste-wise. 

Sammy's staff was generous enough to give me a free dessert for my birthday, the Messy Sundae. It  was rather cool looking but uninspired in terms of flavor and very  difficult to eat.

Overall, I enjoyed my initial visit to Sammy's enough to want to go back sometime. Hopefully some of the kinks will have been worked out by the time I do so!
TWO STARS is all you get. Reason being I am glad this location was not taken over by a pawn shop, happy ending spa or a needle exchange and also because the food is decent. I repeat. The food is decent. 

My big beef with this restaurant is the service. When I say service I mean the Management. 

I have been to Sammy's on three separate occasions. First time with a fellow Yelper for brunch and I had the breakfast tacos which were good. Not great, but good. Service was on point.

Second visit was at lunch time on a Sunday with my mother. It took our waitress 25 minutes to get us our drinks. I realize how long it takes to get water and how difficult it is. What was even more annoying than our waitress was the fact that they let the patrons who were sitting at the nice bar in the center of the restaurant scream at the TV during the football game. They were tossing back $10 bottomless Mimosas and obnoxiously reacting to every play and startling all of the dining customers who most of them appeared to have just come from church. Not cool especially because this restaurant has a side sports bar where they should have been directed to. Not cool especially because the Managers did nothing at all about it. The Managers stood by the bar and watched the game the entire time, too! Not my idea for a relaxing Sunday brunch. If I wanted this ruckus I would have gone to the sports book!

Third visit I really disliked a pasta dish I was sharing. Took one bite and no more. I mentioned it to the waitress and was still charged for it. Way to keep it classy, Sammy's. 

NOT ONCE IN ANY OF MY VISITS DID THE MANAGERS TOUCH ANY TABLES TO SEE IF THE GUESTS WERE HAPPY WITH THEIR FOOD AND SERVICE.

Lastly, I did not want to write this review.It's my favorite time of year when I pretty much love everyone and everything.  I shared my frustration with their website directly. But, when 2 MONTHS later I did not receive anything more than a generated email response from the Sammy's website I knew I had to let the Yelp family know. I will not be playing it again, Sam I am.
I'm urging people to avoid this place at all costs. My daughters and I ordered a pizza. It was terrible. A frozen pizza from Smith's would have been better. The service was as bad as the food. The server seemed to go out of her way to avoid us. Then she overcharged us & the manager had to make corrections to the bill. There are many good restaurants in the Henderson area.  This isn't one of them.
My family and I went there for my birthday. I have very high expectations seeing it's my birthday dinner. I choose to give them my money which will never happen again. It took 20 minutes for someone to take our order, I never knew my servers name, when the order was taken 2 entrees were not entered into the system.  Dressing was not brought and forgotten about. The chopped salad was the worst salad ever. No server came and asked if everything is ok. So here's my advice.... Do not give a server a busy station, servers need to communicate with customers as people because last time I check I was a person and I can be talked to about anything. The manager was absolutely amazing and I thank him for that but no service recovery helped us. Please retrain your servers. The customers deserve that for giving you their money and are there for a positive experience so they will be repeat customers. I hope this changes because it's just another checked off place that I will never go to.
Have eaten at other Sammy's locations many times over the years in Las Vegas and Henderson - but my visit to this location will serve as my last visit to Sammy's.  Service was just awful (tapas and first courses served after entrees were brought out - not sure if this was an issue with the kitchen or the waitstaff), food was unremarkable at best, management was not on top of anything and made no effort to address any issues, charges were on the bill for upcharges not disclosed on the menu, one item came to the table with an ingredient incorporated in the item that requested to not be in the item, that the server verified would be left out of the dish (guess they are not concerned about or attentive to guest requests for preferences, potential food allergies, other items).  Way too many lapses in service, poor quality of food and lack of management oversight.  Never again, just terrible...
The service was horrible.  Ordered two pizzas and a salad. 35 minutes for the pizzas to arrive, they were room temperature.  The salad took another 25 minutes. Server was non-existent.  Had to ask other servers for drinks and our check.  Disappointing. Will not be back.
The service of a Restraunt is both it's face and backbone and this one has horrible complacent service... It took us an hour and a half to have a meal here on a Sunday night. We sat there for 30 mins before we had our drinks. Like previous posts, we noticed the manager standing near the bar watching football while his Restraunt was falling down around him. We saw several employees on the floor but "they" were clearly running the show, and poorly at that.

Steps of service were nonexistent. From start to finish the service was lacking on every level. Our server's section was clearly larger than she could handle, follow up was a joke, dirty dishes in front if us the whole meal, we wanted refills on our drinks but couldn't get them and the check took forever to come and God knows we couldn't wait to leave this place! 

Save yourself from a huge hassle and order Domino's...
Although the food was good, I hate to say that the service this time around was not. My first time here a few weeks back was much better, even though the place was packed, we received constant, excellent service. Tonight was a totally different experience. We ordered an app and two pizzas, waited at least thirty-five minutes, app never showed. When the pizzas arrived we asked that the app be cancelled. Our server came back to say the pizzas just cooked faster than our little dumpling app (really??). I can forgive a mistake (like if someone forgets to put our app order in...) but I don't like being lied to. She proceeded to say that it was being cooked and that the manager would swing by and 'take care of it'. We never saw such manager, our server only checked on us once, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. I love the feel of this new Sammy's but one cannot live on ambiance alone. There's a small mom & pop pizza spot down the street from home that always delivers on the service front. I'd rather give them my business no matter how meager it may seem. It would have showed some good character if a manager would've showed up and simply apologized for whatever mistake was made. No need to comp anything, just own up to the mistake, apologize and move on. Very disappointed, I really wanted to love this new location.
Came in on a Saturday for lunch, the place was packed! what a beautiful setting, I felt like I was back in California. Very open and windows everywhere!
Sat at the bar, with the bartender Mary. Wow what a sweetie. She was truly on her game. 
My bf and I split a few apps. We had the hummus and duck tacos. Mary even had the chef prepare slices of the gluten free crust so I would have something other then veggies to dip. And the duck tacos, I could eat these everyday they are so good.
Grilled duck, with cilantro, tomatoes, fetta and some type of cilantro sauce. Theyre amazing.
We will def be coming back here soon.
My Experience:
My friend's step-mom recommended this place. Had dinner here on 12/20 with my friends. I was already impressed as soon as we were seated because they sat us at one of the best tables they had. The hostess sat us at the corner table that had a huge comfy couch. Our table was really nice because we had a view of the street and it was super super comfortable. Our server's name was Anthony (I think). We had wine questions and he was very helpful. After our drinks came we decided to start on their Mediterranean Dip Sampler and they were really amazing! My friends and I ordered own entres and we were not disappointed at all with what we ordered. Then, as soon as we finished our meal and started talking about dessert our server placed a huge complimentary sundae on our table. The Messy Sundae is a must have because it's like being a little kid again. The sundae was a tall plastic wine glass that had vanilla ice cream in it with caramel and chocolate all over the whole thing topped with whipped cream. It was sooooooo good! 
My overall opinion:
I really like the ambiance of this place. Their furnitures are comfortable. I have no complaints at all about the service our server did a very good job. Their menu looks great. The price range is pretty reasonable. They have a decent wine and beer selections. For a place that opened just a few months ago, I think they are doing a pretty good job. :)
I was never a fan of Sammy's but I will make an exception for this Green Valley location! I love this location!! The 1st time I gave it and tried this place I was hooked! I went back three days in a row!! Lol Great ambiance, yummy food (mini sliders with gorgonzola cheese, pork dumplings, fries with sauce, shrimp & garlic pizza, & fried donuts are my favorites), & their spicy bloody mary's are delicious!! :-P Go check it out, especially during happy hour!! ;)
The only reason this is not a 1-star review is because the food was actually good. The service, however, was terrible. We had a reservation for our large group of 12 but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. The manager was rude and told us that a reservation was not a guarantee for seating. After we were finally seated, it took over an hour for our food to arrive. It's unfortunate that something as easy to provide as service was so blatantly ignored and that customers were treated as a burden. Get it together or you won't survive the Vegas local's service expectations.
I came here with my entire family after a whole day of noshing. I wasn't necessarily hungry but I had no choice. We normally go to the Sahara location and it was my first time at this location which is close to my aunt's house. I love the interior...classy-looking for a pizza place. 

My favorite is their goat cheese pizza but that's what I always get so it was time to try something different. We got the brie cheese and truffle oil thin crust pizza, wagyu burgers and mini kobe beef burgers.

Brie Cheese and Truffle Oil Thin Crust Pizza:
I love brie and truffle/truffle oil. Our server warned me this was going to be very truffly and fragrant - it was not the case. The brie was strong enough to subdue the truffle oil a bit. 4/5

Kobe Beef Sliders:
The beef patty was juicy. The gorgonzola was great with the burger. Comes with fries. 3.5/5

We had a few family members with very specific requests which were all granted. So, I can't complain. The service was great. Their menu seems it has more items compared to the Sahara location.
I came here on a Friday night with my family. I called ahead and they said it would be about 35min. We got there early and got seated on time. However, they need a better way or space for people waiting for a table. 

The ambience was very nice (Californian). Cozy.

The menu was very diverse with still the staple of Sammy's (pizzas). Boys got pizza and burger, thumbs up. Asian salad was okay. Shrimp and grits good, but have to grab some chorizo and grits for flavor. Salmon with edamame was horrible. Their idea of flavor is to layer soy sauce on the bottom of the plate. No! Deducted Star.

Service was okay. Waitress didn't seem to have a good day maybe?   Overall, service just seemed off from the time you come in the restaurant to the end of service. Deducted star.

I would go back to give it another try.
So we decided to give Sammy's another shot after being invited back by the GM. SO glad we did!! The service was much improved this time around, we saw much more of our server, Alex, than we did of our server during our last visit. We had the dumplings (finally!) as well as their calamari, both of which were awesome. We also enjoyed their flourless chocolate cake. Some of the menu descriptions don't do this delicious food justice. We were thoroughly impressed not only by the display of exceptional management but also the fantastic server we had who not only made suggestions but also ensured our glasses were never empty and our plates didn't sit for too long. I hope this was not a fluke and I truly hope that Sammy's is striving to improve their customer service. As for us, we will certainly be back and recommend to friends in the GV area. I hope next time around the service and food are just as consistent. Thank you Sammy's staff for restoring my faith in the customer service industry!!
BEST SERVICE AND FOOD EVER!!
 Erick has been our food server several times and he is spot on! Our drinks were never empty and the food was AMAZING!! The manager (Len) was very attentive to all customers, which is a plus.... shows he cares about his restaurant and the quality of service and food his team is serving.. I highly recommend this Sammy's.. if you're
looking for Great customer service and Excellent Food this is the place!
Poor service at the bar. New York pizza was medicore. Honey pizza was a big letdown. It was more of a cracker than it was pizza or bread; a thin crispy cracker with some toppings on it.  And even at happy hour, it was not a particularly cheap tab; speaking of which, we had to wait forever just to get the tab. I had an empty glass half the entire time I was there. It's just not a place worth going to at all.
A new Sammy's Restaurant in Henderson, relocated, remodeled and revamped!

The biggest difference is the location, though. The old Sammy's was hidden away on Sunset Rd, very hard to find. This new spot on Green Valley Pkwy is much more convenient and visible! 

Opening the menu, it looked familiar with the original items, plus a few new additions (or have I just overlooked them?) 

Vietnamese Crab Stack was refreshing, light, and very tasty. Presented so elegantly, my whole table enjoyed it. 

Off the happy hour menu, the Kobe Sliders had rave reviews from my boyfriend & his parents.

I've also enjoyed:
Mediterranean Dip Sampler
Hummus
Oak Roasted Asparagus
Lobster Mac & Cheese
Wok'd Sesame Shishito Peppers
Grilled Shrimp Salad
Salted Caramel Pudding

The food overall is pretty darn good. From their huge salad portions, unique tapas, Brie/truffle oil pizza w/ mushrooms (my favorite Sammy's pizza), or the ginormous Messy Sundae's overflowing goblet, there's many great dishes for every palate and appetite. Plus I ALWAYS appreciate any establishment that offers and labels vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options!

For me the best thing about this Sammy's is the interior set-up. I LOVE their patio area, where you can sit in plushy comfortable couches(with pillows!) which are part of their booths and look out the surrounding windows. It makes it airy, spacious, and welcoming. I can see me eating lunch there frequently if I worked nearby.

The prices are still pretty high, I always thought that. If ordering tapas, it's a shame if you don't go during happy hour, when selected items are half off. 

Service has been a hit or miss here. It seems the first visits, the staff were still getting used to their new operation, so their timeliness was off. It's gotten better though, our last dinner with our parents was awesome! We'll be come back to try their brunch...
Just found out that they don't serve breakfast anymore... ugh. What a let down! It was sooo good the first time. Wish they'd bring it back.
We had always heard that Sammy's food was so good and couldn't wait to try it.  So on Friday night, we placed an order to go.

We ordered a 5 cheese pizza and were completely disappointed.  I should have known that it wasn't going to be good as when I picked up the box, I had to check to see that there was a pizza in there as it was so light.  The pizza tasted like something you'd get at Cici's or a low chain buffet.  Completely disappointed.

We also ordered the Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad and this was ok.  The chicken was a bit burnt and dry.

We also ordered some Pork Dumplings and they were probably the best thing we ordered.

As for the service, there was some confusion on how to pay for a to-go order when I went to pick it up . . . they were nice enough about it, but just seemed like they still haven't gotten the flow of a new restaurant yet.

I looked at the other reviews and just didn't have the same experience as others had.  Maybe it was an off night . . . maybe the food doesn't hold up when you take it to go.  Maybe we need to dine in and see what we think before completely writing off this restaurant. 

I do know this . . . . If I want to order Pizza to go, I would much rather get it from Metro Pizza.  Hands down!!!
What can I say about Sammy's that hasn't already been said? 

The food is terrific! It's always such a treat to see a whole wheat crust pizza option. The salad portions are huge. Seriously, huge. My only wish for them is that there'd be a smaller/cheaper salad option that I could add on to my meal. 

I just love the ambience of this restaurant. It's modern but comfortable. Little to no area to hang out, though, while you wait to be seated... That awkward moment when you're standing half inside/half outside unable to close the door as you wait to be greeted by the hostess. 

The service was incredible. They accidentally made my pizza with a regular crust instead of the wheat that I'd ordered. They quickly brought me the correct pizza despite saying I'd just stick with the wrong one and took it off the bill to make up for my "troubles". That is seriously the way to retain loyal customers! Kudos, Sammy's. 

Can't wait to go back and try some of the tapas from the half off menu at happy hour!
I won't go here again. The best part of it is its interior design. Long waiting time to be served. Waited 40 minutes for breakfast for two. Food is so-so, nothing special, eatable but for Vegas/Henderson is not a criteria. Bathrooms are dirty. Looks like it was cleaned not later then a week ago. After addressing this issue to the manager, I was told they were going take care of it. An hour later when I took my baby to change it was all the same. Then there was trash and dust next to the bar stand... Now I don't feel comfortable eating there, god knows how dirty is their kitchen.  If the place is dirty on Sunday morning I wouldn't go thee for dinner for sure...
The half priced apps at happy hour are the best.3pm-6pm. Chicken skewers with Thai peanut sauce-awesome. Duck tacos-awesome. Pot stickers rock. Pizza rocks. This place has always been a favorite and its close by. Staff us nice and always use upbeat. I would strongly recommend.
AMAZING FOOD!!! I've been going here since before they relocated. The reason I only have 4 stars is because the service is just mediocre. But the atmosphere is awesome. I recommend  the walnut chicken salad. Hands down best thing on the menu!
Wonderful lunch location. Open atmosphere (literally the walls open), fast service and delicious food. 

I got a pesto chicken wrap with fries and could hardly finish it.
I love this location cause it's so close to my real estate office! It used to be an Applebee's but they've really expanded and made this place look modern and breezy. Like all Sammy's, the menu is fantastic and the service is great. The salads meals by themselves and seriously could feed two people. The red quinoa salad and the greek salads are among my faves. Pizza is very good here too. But save room for dessert! I feel like my experience isn't complete with out a messy Sunday.
Absolutely love the place! My husband and I came in last night for Valentine's Day. When I go to Sammy's I get the same thing every time, Duck Tacos and Lobster Bisque. But our amazing server, Zach, went over the menu and I mentioned something about the Fish Tacos. And Zach told me how delicious they were, and WOW he was right!  So we got the Duck tacos and soup as an appetizer and the Fish Tacos, and my husband got the Chicken Tequila Fettuccine.
My Valentine's Day was awesome! I'm so glad we choose to go to Sammy's.
From the service to the food was above expectation, though the restroom could use some work....
Second time I'vebeen. The food is so good, it is someplace I just want to make a regular habit. Our waiter, Zack, was excellent this past week.  Our appetizers came out quickly, and our bbq pizza and grilled shrimp salad a few minutes after the waiter took the appetizer plates.  Great food with friendly and timely service!
I went here 3 days in a row after my first experience because I absolutely loved the location. The open windows allowed airflow and direct sunlight which made my experience even better. (I'm all about that direct sunlight and breeze) it reminded me of a restaurant you'd eat off the beach in Hawaii or California. 

Definitely try the Mini Kobe Beef Burger with both cheeses and ask for extra Chipotle Aioli sauce on the side for the fries. Tasted so delicious.
I haven't read any previous reviews as I don't want to be influenced.  We were very excited when we heard Sammy's was coming to the vacated former-Applebee's location 5 minutes from our home.  We went to Happy Hour on Friday.

It was crowded but we still got 2 seats at the bar.  First, the good news:  The Kobe burgers were exceptional, nice touch with the optional Gorgonzola cheese.  We liked the shrimp & artichoke dip, much better than the spinich-artichoke dip we had at the nearby Elephant Bar the night before.  The Thai chicken satays were good with an exceptional peanut sauce.

The house Chardonnay was Grey Cellars, I believe, at the discounted price of $5.50 a glass.  Not bad.  Some of the normal appetizers were half-price.  Again, not bad.

But, as a former bar manager at a high-volume restaurant-bar in Dallas and former restaurant owner, I was shocked by the very poor service at the bar.  This comes from an owner's perspective in that it was so slow and unattentive that a lot of money was left on the table, for the restaurant and the corresponding 20% tip.  

The design and layout of the establishment is outstanding.  The south walls were totally open and the seating was very unique in certain areas giving you the feeling of being at somebody's home.  Fantastic!

The design of the bar did not anticipate any high volume.  The lower inner portion of the bar prevents close interaction from the barkeep with the customers.  They have to lean way over in spots to serve customers at the bar.  The width of the bar is not conducive for good assistance from bar-backs.  It is very crowded back there.  The bartenders are responsible for the high number of to-go orders phoned in.  The bartenders should be selling drinks and food while appeasing the clients at the bar, not serving up bags of already-ordered carryout meals.  

Subsequently, we would have ordered at least one, probably two more rounds of drinks in the time we were there.  We could not get the attention of the bartender to give us our final tab for over 10 minutes.  Even after requesting the final bill, it took another 10 minutes to get our charge card ran.  Again, putting the "owner cap" on, the customer turnover at the bar would be much faster with better service at the bar.  Thus, the restaurant and the bartenders are losing money.

I know Sammy's owner is damn good.  Overall, his restaurants show that.  BUT, I wish he would have given me a phone call asking my advice on the setup of the bar.  

We will come back, but never on a busy night.
I can't say enough good things about this place!  Every time I come, the food is tasty, the ambiance is excellent, and most of all the service is top-notch!!  It's one of the few places that I frequent alone because it is THAT good. Try the duck tacos and alllll of the pizzas!
Horrible. Do not go!  Food was horrible. Service sucked!  Waited 15 min to get seated with the restaurant being empty. They had three hostess and they were all confused. Then seated and ordered and when out food came everything was cold. I don't go to restaurants to get served cold food. After I told them they did apologize and comp our meal but just disappointing for a family Sunday dinner
I liked mostly everything about this restaurant. Was a little hesitant about trying it because every restaurant in that same building has not made it. 

I LOVED the decor and the fact the huge windows opened up especially on a spring night. Side note - they actually went against health code violation because they have the open walls/windows so close to food service and the bar without fly fans.

the wait wasn't long at all and the place was packed, only one empty table. The food was also fast, the fastest of any restaurant I've been to. 

Our waiter though was extremely awkward. He probably didn't know he was and maybe he was new? But the ipad ordering system may have had him confused because once I placed my order (out of 4 people) he sat there and typed trying to punch in my order for literally 3 minutes!!! we all just looked at each other like helllooo, are you ever going to say something like "i'm sorry this is taking so long" or "what I can get for you sir". Nothing, so awkward!!! And the fact he forgot our wine and the manager had to bring it to us was not really acceptable. 

I ordered the chopped chicken salad which was just eh. I might have been comparing it to balboa's (which is amazing) but that's to each it's own.
Great Happy Hour Friday night - Marcus was really fun and knew his stuff at the bar.
I've been to Sammy's twice, and both times have been amazed at how fabulous the food was...but tonight, our server Zach, made the experience all worth while!  He was very attentive, offered great advice on menu selections, and was quite entertaining at the same time!  I will be sure to request his station when I return, and I look forward to trying new foods again..... Amazing!
I loved this place. They have great happy hour specials, service is always great and the food and drinks are amazing. There are several locations and I haven't tried them all but I will definitely be back to this when many times!! And you must try  their messy Sunday!!
Our waiter, Zach, was the best.  We hope we get him next visit.  Love the thin crust pizzas, especially the brie with truffle oil, and the prosciutto with arugula; and also the Vietnamese crab stack.  My husband is gluten free and lactose intolerant and they can make a fabulous pizza for him too!
I have now dined at this Sammy's location 7 times now and each time it gets a little better.  Considering that I live about 3 minutes away, it is very pleasing to have another close by dining option.

I have enjoyed breakfast 3 times and dinner 4 times at this location.  I probably would have given it 5 stars if it had a slightly better selection on the menu...but of course YMMV depending on what you like.  

All of my breakfasts there were very good, but a little expensive.  Dinners were also very good and a good value.  I've enjoyed pasta dishes, pizza and dinner salads...and would not hesitate to reorder any of them again.

One thing I do note is that this Sammy's is WAY better than the other Green Valley location that is now closed.  That one had me completely turned off to the place and I planned on never going back.

One other notable thing is that the environment is very appealing here, especially when they open up the sliding glass walls when the weather is nice.
Did I stumble into Summerlin? Holy cow this place is all kinds of sexy and very modern. Wayyyyy different then the older Sammy's. Sammy's got it's groove on. The wife and I meandered in Wednesday for some happy hour and grub. The place was humping and I was really impressed by the space. It had a welcoming, yet cool hip vibe. They were doing a wine dinner that night so we ate at the bar to avoid a wait. The service was good and the food was typical Sammy's; good price and great taste!
The walls are windows and they open, so ur in but out awesome.
Brunch on Sat n Sun til 3pm.... Wake up late and still brunch Awesome
Food was good n service good but the restaurant  awesome concept
Came here for Mother's Day and it was slam packed. Staff was very professional and friendly. We got free Mimosas for the occasion. Our waitress was awesome. We ordered the humus which was really good. My husband had pizza and he really liked it. I had the French roast and it was the best I have ever had. The only issue I had was the music was really loud. We had to ask them to lower the volume a little. They had a live singer that covered great songs and she had a lovely voice. Not sure if she sings regularly but we really enjoyed it. Would totally return.
Nice spot for brunch or dinner. Open design with a bar in the center. Front half of the restaurant has glass sliding door walls whic they ope. When the weather  is nice. Pretty good service and tasty food. Love the Sticky Toffee Pudding dessert!
Excellent service, waiter was great. Nice new clean vibe from place, gaming area in back is recommended. Had wagyu burger and fries with lobster mac and cheese. Burger was a bit undercooked so it fell apart, otherwise better than most average burgers. Friends were above average as well, seasoned with steak seasoning.  Lobster mac and cheese was cooked and seasoned well. Would recommend this place for a quick tasty lunch with great service and atmosphere.
What a great dining experience tonight and we owe a huge thank you to Jewels!  She didn't rush us, was very personable, and was an amazing waitress. After eating here 4 different times I have to say I'll come again, BUT make sure Jewels is working! BTW if her name is Jules sorry for the misspelling in the earlier sentences.
Absolutely fabulous!! Brought the family in because they have never been here and they loved it!! Food was amazing as always but Jules, our server, really made the experience. She Had a great sense of humor and was very attentive. Ask for her if you go in because she is awesome!!
Zach is an excellent server. Makes sure you get the best deal for your buck and makes sure your drinks are never empty. Food was great!!
What a beautiful location. We were on our way back from Lake Mead so we stopped by here for a quick bite. We were seated near the door next to the lovely green outdoor garden. With the cool breezes flowing around us, we enjoyed looking at the fake but beautiful orchid and green plants, as well as munching on the fish tacos, lobster bisque, chicken lettuce cup and even a few beers! Even though I thought they were rather salty, I liked them and I would totally come back to try more items!
Really cool place. I went in right before brunch ended and I ordered the happy hour brunch breakfast tacos. These were delicious! Also tried the crispy fries which were equally as yummy. I will definitely be back for more brunch specials. Service was also on point.
I came for lunch, and like most places lunch service fails. The servers couldn't hold plates properly. Their arms looked as if they were going to wobble off. They also sucked at clearing tables. The menu was hot mess!!! Asian, Mediterranean, Italian,  Mexican,  tapas, pastas, pizzas. Uhh... yeah. I couldn't figure out what to order! It took me forever. Normally I'd start ordering everything that looks appetizing, but nothing caught my eye. Maybe because I didnt know where to look.  Also im baffled at how huge the salads were, but then the entrees are so so, and you only get a soup cup of 8oz. It makes no sense!!! Like is the salad an entree? I'm so confused as to what is going on. The only reason I gave it a two was because it looks really nice inside.
Ask for Zack!  He takes care if business and makes you feel at home without kissing your ass.  Happy hour here is a must.  Half off appetizers, cheap drinks.  I'm coming back!
The food is a combination of contemporary American, international inspired dishes and pizza. I really love the decor of this place. It's modern yet comfy and I love the second time I went when there was live music playing and they opened up the modern glass walls to let the beautiful weather in (mind you, it was spring). Service both times was great, and had friendly staff. They also offer gluten free and vegetarian options and a good sized wine list. They are also open 24 hours for gaming.

Chicken lettuce cups $10.50- I definitely recommend these! Soo delicious, some of the best lettuce cups I've had. The black bean hoisin sauce is really good.

Chicken tequila fettucine $16.50- big portion, flavorful and tangy, made with spinach fettucine 

Oak roasted chicken breasts $16.50- light but you could really taste the oak in the chicken breasts. Basil pesto and pine nuts give it a nice touch.

Spicy Thai Grilled Chicken Salad $12- huge salad, very typical Thai flavor with julienned veggies 

5 Cheese Woodfired Pizza + pineapple & pepperoni $11.75 (+ toppings) - large, definitely sharable for two people, thin crust. I like that they had pineapple rings instead of just little pieces

Messy Sundae $10- Ack!!  This is absolutely horrible lol, all for looks, not good at all! I'm not exaggerating when I say that I think they squeezed half a bottle of Hershey's syrup in a wine glass and put one baby scoop of vanilla ice cream hiding inside. It was bad. And just topped it with a ridiculous amount of whipped cream.

Flourless chocolate cake $10- This on the other hand was nothing short of amazing lol comes with coconut sorbet and raspberry sauce. Seriously tastes like eating a box of raspberry truffles. Yum! 

I will definitely be back soon!!! :)
It's close to me. So there's that.

And it doesn't stop there. Fortunately, the pizzas are quite tasty as well. The Four Cheese Pesto is my favorite so far, but it's quite difficult to go wrong with any of them.

Oh, and did I mention it's here in Green Valley? Fortunately, we now have more decent dining options in the area.
The food and service were good. Love the atmosphere! The outside sign has you thinking this is just like a bar food type of place with gaming but when you walk in you will be pleasantly surprised with the decor and service. Very nice menu options, a little pricey for lunch though.
I'm hooked.

Occasionally the service is less than stellar, and people tend to bring young, loud kids here later than the usual "young, loud kids" hours for family restaurants.  But the food is both sensational and out-of-the-ordinary.

I've been four times, and each time I order two items off the appetizer menu, which is both extensive and diverse.  "The Hot Rock" (spoiler alert!) was a huge surprise, as it's actually a stone heated to an extreme temp and served with raw beef strips that you cut up and heat on the rock itself.  It was an amusing novelty, and it turned out to be really enjoyable, too!  Also enjoyed the crab-and-artichoke dip (even the pita bread is fantastic) and an amazing hot fudge and caramel sundae we got for free because we celebrating a birthday.  Can't rave about the Kobe chili or the chinese chicken salad, but I think it was just a matter of personal taste.

I'd certainly recommend going after 8 on a weeknight or even later on the weekend, but overall Sammy's serves some wonderful dishes and definitely offers something DIFFERENT from the usual fare.
Tonight I had the grilled mahi tacos - yum!!! Delicious, grilled perfect and the chipotle sauce was way good!!! We come here often and the lobster bisque is another favorite along with the grilled veggie salad and duck tacos.  I also like the chicken lettuce wraps!
Just got back. I had the grilled vegetable salad. It was small and didn't have enough dressing. The waitress didn't come back to see how everything was till we were done.  My friend had the grilled chicken. Nothing special. Kind if foo foo food. Not a big fan. Food was fair, service poor. Wont go back.
Went with a couple ladies from the office for lunch..... we decided to order a few appetizers and just share everything!  We ordered the edamame with toasted sesame seeds, truffle fries sprinkled with romano cheese, crispy coconut shrimp skewers served with an orange-horseradish sauce, hummus with grilled herb flatbread, and a margherita wood fired pizza. Everything was great! I 

Really enjoyed the sauce that was served with the coconut shrimp! Loved the way they grilled the herb flatbread that came with the hummus! And of course- the pizza was delicious also! 

Sammy's is a great choice!
This place is great! They have best margarita pizza I've ever had. The prices are too high and they have a different atmosphere from most restaurants. I would recommend them for groups as well. Happy hour stops at 6 for cheaper food prices so don't come at 7 like I did.
I love this place. Sammy is very consistent with their food. We love coming here with my family. We have been here numerous times. I have had my team meetings here, been here with my friends, mostly with my family. We truly enjoy the happy hour too. We love the sliders, the fries and especially the shrimp and crab dip! Oh and don't forget the Super Sunday! Just absolutely fantastic and delicious every time!!!
Fired Pie just opened today.  Chock full of happy friendly employees on their first day of work.
As they describe it...and it basically is...a pizza/salad version of Chipotle.  $7.75 gets you a pizza loaded with (literally) as many toppings as you want.  They have 6 types of cheese, 6 types of sauce, 10 meats, 14 veggies, and fresh herbs to choose from.  You go down the line and pick what you want and they load up your pizza in front of you.
The pizza crust is super thin, and my pizza was in and out of the oven (and on my table) in under 3 minutes.  There was no line when I got there so I have no idea how quick you'll get your pizza if there's a crowd.  I came at lunch, and there were 3 other patrons there at the time.
Seems like a pretty user friendly way to pick up a quick custom pie if that is what you are looking for.  My total lunch with a drink came to over ten bucks, so it's not an everyday budget lunch type of place.
They also offer custom salads for the same $7.75.
As far as the pizza goes, all of the ingredients were super fresh (well...it is opening day) and the pizza tasted great.  If you are a fan of thin crust, then this place might be for you.  The crust cooks up to a nice crisp, but not too crisp texture.  I'd characterize the tomato sauce on the sweet side, not spicy at all, so I'll definitely wnt to spice it up with some spices next time.
The first visit is probably a little bit overwhelming with all of the choices, and I wonder if this place might suffer from the same problem that Chipotle does, when it gets crowded, it's basically a single-file production line that can bog down if someone in line has a big order or is indecisive.  
I had performance anxiety and basically ordered my typical stand by for pizza, most exotic thing I got on it was buffalo chicken.  Next time I'll be more adventurous.
OUT-STANDING!  This is 11" of awesomeness, your own custom pizza pie, created with excellent ingredients, cooked in record time (3.5 minutes they say, which is about what it took), served with a smile.  At $7.75 per pie, no matter how many toppings you add, it's a screaming bargain considering the overall quality of the ingredients and finished product.  I had a fairly basic Hawaiian job for my first taste, and it RULED.  I'll get a bit more adventurous moving forward - there are so many ingredients available, which you can add or mix to your stomach's desire.  The pie was just the right size to handle my very large appetite.  The beverage selection was great - the usual array of sodas, plus 4 different types of fresh-brewed iced tea, and even what appeared to be fresh lemonade.  This was only Day 3, and the owners were chatting up all the customers, wanting to make sure everyone was happy, and clearly know exactly what they're doing and how to be successful.  This is a great concept, executed perfectly.  Fired Pie immediately shoots to the top of the office lunch rotation.  Trust me, fellow Yelpers, this is the real deal.  Head over to Fired Pie at warp speed and give it a try - you won't regret it!
Wow! What a great place!  To be brutally honest, I was expecting a mediocre pizza, produced with a very interesting business idea, being that I could build it myself. I couldn't have been more wrong.  The quality of everything they offered was top notch.  Furthermore, the staff was very helpful and friendly.  I will be going back ASAP.
These guys just opened and have a killer idea.  Custom pizza's while you wait, and they are very good!!!
They were also kind enough to donate their Grand Opening proceeds to Chandler Gilbert Arc.  This shows not only great pizza at a great price ($7.75 for 11" pie), but also a terrific sense of community-mindedness.  We will definitely be back!!  
Thank You!!

Billy Parker
Executive Director for Chandler Gilbert Arc
www.cgarc.org
Hmmm. Bait and switch? Got a flier from a representative from this place and they won't honor their advertisement. It's says that you get a custom pizza and salad made from scratch all at a respectful price of 7.75 I thought that was a great deal until I called and the guy who answered said it was either or not for both. Sucks because I heard that their pizza is not bad but I'm not going to spend my hard earned money at a place that won't honor their mistakes. Good luck Fired Pie.
The best thing about this place is the quality  and freshness of the ingredients. Pizza was surprisingly delicious. My girlfriend loves that they offer fresh mozzarella and spicy sausage. I was impressed by their overall customer service and friendliness. We've been here twice in the past week, and each time our pizza was great. Customizing your own pizza for one low price of $7.75 is unheard of, especially given the quality. I Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves pizza. Try it out and don't be shy to add multiple toppings, it's only $7.75 regardless of how many toppings you choose.
Worth the wait!!

I live near this location at Ray & 101 and have been watching anxiously for it to open. Saw it was open for business tonight and stopped in with my two teenagers... Everyone was able to customize their personal pizza just the way they wanted and It was AWESOME! The kids said it was the best pizza they ever had!

I like to "gourmet" mine up and keep it healthy - so easy to do with grilled chicken, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes and jalapeos. The 
pizzas cooked quickly and were still nice and hot when we got home. The crust was delicious and uniformly cooked to a golden brown.

LOVE Fired Pie - This will be our new regular carryout spot!

PS - They also serve CHINA MIST TEA - in several flavors... this is getting harder to find as more restaurants "cut costs" and switch to a lesser brand of tea.
I love a custom food joint! Everything is made to order! A friend of mine split a salad and a pizza and it was the perfect lunch! The custom pizza is an awesome deal - all the toppings you want for 7.75... What an amazing deal! I'll be back... A lot!
love this place so much!!! the owner is so kind and all the workers make the best pizza i've ever had. hope this place goes big because the idea is great and their product is delicious!!! 7.75 for an 11" pizza is a steal! def recommend for pizza lovers and all you hungry peeps :)
So glad I live right down the street!  Delicious, fresh, made-to-order pizza. I hope they stick around for a long time.
Fired Pie is a cute little make-your-own thin crust pizza place, where you go down the line and add toppings as you go (like at a Chipotle's).  The pizzas are 11" or personal sized, and for $7.75 with unlimited toppings you can't beat the price. Also since they're thin crust, it only takes about 5 minutes for the pizzas to come out of the oven and to your table or in a to-go box. 

The only trouble is that this place is tucked away in the corner of a strip mall, and sits right next to a Paradise Bakery and a Qdoba's. So parking can be a little tough at certain times of the day.
Sooo good! The crust is super thin just how I like it. Great concept. So many options to choose for your pizza! I'm addicted!
Overall, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here. The pizzas were excellent, we were satisfied with our salad (not bad, but not amazing... It's a salad) and the staff was on point. I noticed the manager and staff members "table touching". 

The ordering/payment location is a bit crammed, I bet it's annoying when they are busy. The other thing I saw people struggling with is whether they sit at a table or order from the counter. Nothing is clearly marked, not everyone has common sense. 

We'll definitely be back.!
Good simple fresh. Not ny style. Be careful cause it looks wood fired and that tends to make very crispy pizza. I asked to make mine not too crispy. Comes o ut qu I c k.  Worth a try
Really great! Delicious and fresh pizza, low prices, friendly employees, definitely recommend it for good quick pizza!
Went here by chance tonight and was a nice concept and was really excited to try it and when got home realized my pizza was horribly under cooked
. It was pretty bad and no matter how much I tried I couldn't salvage it so I'm a little disappointed but I will still try it again and just ask that it be baked a little longer
First time here. Pizza is super yummy.  Kind of reminds me of Chipotle in that you make your own pizza at the window and they cook it. Crust is light thin crust...yummy!!! Lots a ways to make a pizza...I had Italian meaty...very meaty!
Great place and great prices! Very happy with the service and the pizza was awesome. Very impressed with how fast you guys were able to keep up with all the orders! cant wait to go back
This place is awesome. I've been here a few times a week since it opened and everything I've tried is amazing. Cheap, fast and perfect pies.
My daughter and I really wanted Grimaldi's but didn't want to drive that far (or spend that much).  We thought we would give this a try hoping it would be a good compromise.  We both ordered the tomato basil and I added spinach while my daughter added bacon and pepperoni.   

Everyone working was very nice and pleasant but they didn't quite seem to have the best system figured out yet.  The guy putting the sauce and cheese on didn't tell the next guy what I ordered so the basil was skipped on both our pizzas.  No big deal, I will just pay more attention next time.  The first guy I ordered with noticed it after they cooked and offered to fix it but I insisted it wasn't a big deal.  I appreciated the fact he said something (most people probably wouldn't say anything).

Now for the pizza.... OMG this was really really good!  And I mean really good!  The ingredients tasted really fresh and the pizza was a really good size.  Without a doubt we will be back and I will be telling friends and co-workers about it.
Great new place for gourmet pizzas ! Absolutely loved the assortment of toppings you can build the pizza with. Have always been looking for a place like this and finally got one ! And they are affordable too.. Just $7.75 (any pizza) !!
I dig this place. I love the thin crust crispy deliciousness and this place fits the bill. They have a variety of prepared recipes and you can create your own masterpiece if you choose. There are a lot of different sauce and topping options. They have fresh mozzarella and several other kinds of cheese. For an eight dollar pizza you can't do better than this. Not in this town, anyway. They also have four different kinds of brewed iced tea. which is cool.

Check it out. I don't think you'll be disappointed.

Don't forget to order it extra crispy!
Wow excellent pizza, highly recommended. You're gonna like this place, excellent service, nicely priced!
I was tasked with catering a group lunch for 12 people with a very small budget. I chose Fired Pie as everyone could order their own personal pizza or salad. I sent the menu out to all, and then collected the orders and emailed them to the general email (info@firedpie.com) and with a short time received a personalized response from Fred at the Raintree Ranch location confirming my order. 

When I arrived at the store, the pizzas were just coming out of the oven and were being boxed individually with our names on the boxes (made it SOOO easy for me!). The pizza stayed crispy for my 10 minute drive back to the office and everyone commented on how fresh and delicious the pizzas were. 

I will definitely order Fired Pie for a group lunch again. The cost was less than $9 a person and most people had leftovers. YUM!
Yum Yum Yum!  Your own custom personal pizza in minutes!  Loved the crust, loved the selection of toppings and the customer service was great!
My brother and I stumbled into this place randomly and it was amazing fresh pizza. They havr so many toppings and truly let you customize to make it your perfect pie. The pizza was amazing and I plan on going back soon for sure.
This is a heavy rotation item on the revolving wheel of locations on my "eat lunch with coworkers" list. I like the concept. Sorta like Chipotle for pizza. You can make your pizza exactly as your heart desires. You choose all your ingredients and they bake the pizza for you. As far as I recall, no matter what you add, price doesn't change. Lately I've actually been getting less ingredients because it is a lot of food for one sitting. Crust is really thin. Sometimes it gets a little burnt but for the most part they got it right the dozen or so times I've been here. Management even bent over backwards a few times I've been here when a coworker's pizza didn't come out exactly the way they ordered it. The idea is pretty damn good and I would be very surprised if they don't open more locations in the near future. Located in the Raintree Ranch mall at the southeast corner of Ray and North Price Road in a clusterfork of a mall designed by dyslexic insomniacs on peyote. I've been to the same location once before in it's previous life as Luke's Of Chicago with the same bunch of coworkers who all decided that the food was pretty much meh except for their onion rings - which were awesome. Unfortunately onion rings alone couldn't keep the place in business - but that's actually a win for the rest of us as well as for the folks who work at that Fired Pie location. :)
Hands down one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and only 7.75 for a "11 with all the toppings you want?!
Awesome!!! My husband and I came here tonight, from Missouri and visiting parents. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone --date night, etc.! The service was excellent, positive and upbeat. The food was great, and the crust was crispy with good flavor. We split a salad (yummy dressings) and each got a pizza, and had about half a pizza and no salad leftover between us. Tried the pesto, tomato and garlic sauces, all good. Meats fresh, veggies good. Only thing I would change is to offer fresh (vs pickled) jalapeos. Great value!
I really enjoy the concept, really LOVE the simplicity, and am comfortable with the price.  Give it a try.  If you like thin pizza - you'll love this crust!
Love this place. Casual and easy great for a work time lunch. The worst thing about it is parking as it is right next to a busy Paradise Cafe. The good news is that you can park in the greater shopping center parking. I have been here twice now. First time a co-worker and I split an Italian salad and a pesto chicken pizza with added mushrooms. It was delicious. The 2nd time today I had to choose one or the other and went with the southwestern  chicken salad with the dressing on the side. It actually reminds me of Oreganos Pablo Picasso salad (one of my favorites). Different chicken of course but somewhat same flavors with the peppers, onions and jalapeos on it and a much more manageable size for one person. I do wish they offered a pizza and salad combination for a singular person,  maybe in the near future? I also love that they have four brewed ice tea options with two of them being green tea. New favorite!
So there is this amazing pizza place called Pizza Press outside of Disneyland. It is one of my must haves when I visit. 

Imagine my joy when I walked into Fired Pie with the same concept and deliciousness but without the almost 400 mile drive!

The toppings are fresh and choices are plentiful so even the picky eater can find something. The reg tomato pizza sauce isnt spicy and it isn't sweet ( if I want sweet I will buy dessert!!). The only thing is to tell them is to not over cook the pizza cuz it can easily get charred. 

If you arent a pizza person or need more than just pizza, the salads aren't to be missed. I ordered just a plain ceasar salad and it was awesome!  The lettuce was crisp and fresh. They didn't overpower it with either cheese or dressing. It wasn't premade and dumped in a bowl or packaging to just serve up. Another plus is that it is definitely big enough to share if you are with someone and you are each having a pizza.

All said and done, this is a place that I hope stays in the neighborhood for years to come!
Well Happy New Year everyone!

I was in the area and remembered there was a Luke's of Chicago nearby.  Sadly, to paraphrase Shakespeare's Hamlet: "Alas, poor Luke (Yorick)! I knew him" well!  

Seems the Chicago dog placed closed a while ago, replaced with the 5 minute pizza place Fired Pie. We have a Fired Pie up on Northsight in Scottsdale.  It too has moved into a former Chicago dog place, in that case Al's Beef.

I arrived around 1:45 and had only a few folks ahead of me in line.  I ordered their Tomato Basil (see photos) adding saut onions and mushrooms.  It came to only $7.75 which has to be a steal.

There was a nice amount cheese and sauce, with a hint of garlic.  It had a nice flavor and made me think of more expensive pizza places like Pomo's Cucina. The only drawback is that it's an "ultra thin" pie which they press out ahead of time (again see photos).  On the plus side, Fired Pie also has a small wine and beer list

So Four Stars, and yes I am a Fan.
I have eaten at two locations now, this one and Park Central in downtown Phoenix. It's an amazingly simple concept, you custom build a pizza (think Chipotle) and it comes out of the oven in about 5 minutes. The toppings are fresh and good quality, and I really like the super-thin crust.

I miss Luke's of Chicago, which used to occupy this space, but the wonderful pizza is helping me get over the loss. A solid 4 star rating!
Went for lunch today. Arrived about 11:15 only one other table in the store when we arrived. Staff was friendly and prompt. Ordered our pizzas and sat down. No lemon slices for water which was a disappointment.
Pizza arrived about 10 minutes after sitting down. Very good crisp crust and toppings. Restaurant was full by 11:45 when we were leaving. For 16.00 lunch for two 
Great price. We will return again
Being from NYC I was skeptical to try the pizza. The cool thing, for one decent price, you make it the way you want walking them through the process. I had pesto sauce,  reg. mozzarella,  buffalo mozzarella,  fontina, spinach and kalamata olives. It was delicious. One of the best I've eaten west of NYC. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
very good
I am vegetarian and this place  is good for veggie guys too. They will  make custom pizza as per your test. I like it.
Went to lunch around 2:00 with a friend. We ordered a pizza and a salad to share. They split the salad for us in the kitchen. My friend accidentally ordered the wrong salad and the manager said he'd make her a new one. It was her fault, not his but he did the right thing and made his customer happy. Pizza was delicious too. We had the pesto chicken pizza, southwest salad and steak/blue cheese salad.  All were yummy.  Will definitely come back.
Very very very good pizza.  I picked what I wanted on it, they slapped it on there and tossed it into the oven, all in front of me.  5-10 mins later it's in my hand, then chronologically in my mouth and stomach.
I am definitely coming back here.
Must try! Great concept, it's like a subway for pizzas. Crisp crust, any toppings and cheeses you want. Then for the price, great value. Def going back for sure.
Love it, will be eating there more often. Great vibe, clean and friendly. You can make your own pizza, enough said!
I was on my way to Qdoba which used to be next to this place but it went out of business. Not wanting to drive anywhere else I decided to give Fired Pie a try and wow am I glad I did. the ingredients are great I got the Italian pizza and you can choose it you want it spicy or mild which I thought was great. And it baked super fast too I really like the oober thin crust. This may very well be my new favorite pizza place. I went in for lunch Monday as well that's how much I liked it haha.

my only complaint is that I wish they had more seating, the inside seating can get pretty full really fast especially during the lunch rush. And there is a minimal amount of outside seating.
Hot diggity folks, I loved lunch here today!  1st time visitor, I tagged along with a group of guys from work, and was really pleased.  I had a bbq hawaiian pizza, and a soft drink and it was roughly 10 bux for the whole deal.  The pizza was aweome!  Thin crust and delicious, just like I like it.  I already located one closer to home, so I'll definitely be stopping by there with the wife the next time we are on the mood for great pizza.
Pesto Chicken is amazing, add some artichoke too. 

This place is an exciting new find! Look forward to many more visits.
Simple, quick, very tasty.  I was skeptical about what the quality would be like with so many meat and cheese choices.  Everything was very good....condiments, cheese, sauce, crust.  What more could you ask for?  This local franchise is gonna soar.

My only suggestion is that they need to install a PA system and maybe a number system...the lady delivering the pizzas yelled my name and it happened to sound like my wife yelling at me so I cringed for a quick second.  Yelling out the customer name made the scene seem chaotic when it did not need to be.
I love the idea of a pizza place where you can customize your own personal size pizza and have it ready in just a few minutes. Unfortunately, I found it much more appealing in theory than in practice. Going down the assembly line was very chaotic; since they place was so crowded they were really trying to hustle. The counter for the toppings was kind of a mess and I found it a little unappetizing to watch the plastic gloved hands dipping in and out of all of the bins. There was a lot of cross contamination going on. The meats were also not very appealing since they were mostly ground up into a crumble (presumably so it would heat up faster). I did enjoy the capricola ham but my hubby was pretty disappointed in the unidentifiable meat they referred to as "steak". The dining area was equally crowded and messy. There isn't really any organization to the way they have set up the tables and chairs... they are just kind of thrown together in the middle of the room and it is very difficult to maneuver between them. We opted to sit outside but I am sure the booths would be comfy on a day with less people there (not many of those so they were all taken).

The pizza was actually pretty tasty but not good enough that I would go out of my way for it. But if I needed a fast food lunch then I'd choose this over a burger place any day. I would not come again for dinner though... it is definitely not a sit down dinner type of place. I may give them another shot after the new restaurant buzz dies down.
Good personal pie you create while standing in line (like a gourmet Subway for pizza's).  Also is fun for the kids to create their own pizza pie!  Not the absolute best pizza around, but definitely worth a try.  I will be going back when in the area.
Been here twice now and, overall, I'm a fan. They do a good job getting the pizza out quickly but at the right temperature (smart that they use thin crust only). They make sure to know in advance what you're going to put on the pizza so they don't overload it. Price is good.

I do agree with some of the reviews, though, that their system for keeping track of everything needs work. I've only been here when there aren't many people, but I can't imagine that having the cashier write down everything on your pizza as you order it is the best way to go.

As an aside, when I was here I overheard the owner/manager talking with someone who seemed like a regular. At one point one of them commented: "This is pretty smart. If you don't like your pizza, you only have yourself to blame." I have to say that I kind of agree.
Great place for a quick custom pizza!

Custom is the key word. You select regular or gluten free crust (unfortunately they only have one size, an 11 inch individual), then you get to pick the sauce (red, white, olive oil / garlic, etc). 

The selection of toppings is very good (no anchovies, but honestly who orders anchovies on a pizza anyway?). They have the standard pepperoni, sausage, meatball and for the more adventurous salami,  capicola, bacon) and a garden of veggie toppings and cheese.

All this and a drink for about $10 and it's ready in less than 10 minutes.

Great place for a quick pie!
All pizza places seem to feature design your own pizzas, Fired Pie just seems to do it better.

You start with a crust (pretty good size for an individual pizza--maybe about 10") and you select your sauce, cheeses (my favorite is the fresh mozzarella), and toppings (meats, vegies, herbs, etc.) from the counter in front of you.  Pay $7.75 and something like 5 minutes later, your pizza is delivered to your table.

The best parts are the speed and the fact that the pizza is really quite good.  The worst part is wondering why someone else (like me) didn't think of this concept first.  

While the Fired Pie concept is new, I fully expect that there will be several imitators in the not very distant future.  

Give this place a try.  You won't be disappointed.
Here's what I didn't like, Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza.

Now, here's what I loved:
* customize your own pizza
* thin pizzas perfect for lunch
* 4 flavors of iced tea
* patio seating in the shade
* I could TRY Gorgonzola on just a small part of my pizza

Here's the thing, I don't care for Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza, but I didn't have to waste an entire pizza on it. I can try 4 different cheeses and 15 different toppings, a few different sauces and oils and probably (I haven't asked) all on different portions of the same pie!!

I'm not going to do it, so let me know if YOU do.
what a concept.  What quality.................and all for a VERY FAIR price.  It's the subway of pizza's.

you pick your crust, sauce (4-5 kinds) cheeses (5-6 kinds) or have them all.  Choice of about 12 meats (or all) and choices of about 20 vegtables (have them all)  no matter if you order a cheese pizza or a 5 cheese with 10 meats and 5 veges...........the price is still $7.75

Owner very engaged.
they do the same with salads too.

HIGHLY RECCOMMEND,   a MUST
This lil gem is somewhat hidden, but so worth the visit.  This is a subway meets pizza shop.  They offer salads but we opted for pizza.  They even offer gluten free crusts.   I chose the original crust with red sauce, fresh mozzarella, Parmesan, fontina cheeses, kalamata olives, spinach, sin dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, sauted onions, and mushrooms.    Delicious and so many combination possibilities.  It was delivered fresh and hot in just 5 minutes
The pizza here is servicable.  It is not my favorite, but not bad for what is essentially fast food pizza.  There is a good variety of toppings, and the price is reasonable for what you get.
It's just ok.  I think it is too pricey for what you get!  We will not return.
Super yummy! The crust is thin enough to not make you feel like you ate too much. Everything looks fresh, and of quality. & it's very inexpensive. Definitely found our new pizza spot!!! Yay!
Loveeeee this place!!! It is soooo darn good!!! If u love great pizza and friendly people you will love it here!!!! Check it out!
This place reminds me of Project Pie (San Diego) except not as Urban. The price is perfect; 1 price whether you choose one of their creations or pile the goodies on your own. The ingredients are fresh and the pies are delish. Hats off to the originator of the concept (it's not Fired Pie but, all the same). I created my own:

Pesto
Traditional Mozzarella
Fresh Mozzarella
Feta
Grilled Chicken
Sauted Spinach
Artichokes
Sauted Mushrooms
Kalamata Olives
Fresh Tomatoes (after it came out the oven)

11" of heaven

The Bellini's weren't bad for $5 either!
Is this the best pizza in the valley? No, but it is very good. It is a great local place to take the family. We all can pick whatever we want, as much as we want on our pizza. 
The price is reasonable and the service is great. Even when the owner makes your pizza he isn't shy about how much he uses. 
This is a regular dining place of ours. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
Our new favorite pizza place!!! How can u beat your very own customized pizza made just for u?? With fresh ingredients and anyway you want it?? For under $8 bucks?? Amazing place, they definitely need to expand and take over subways! Lol pizzas are made perfectly with a perfect crust! The dough is not too thick and not too thin just perfect amount to tie the pizza together! Pizzas are bigger than your average "personal sized pizzas" enough for even leftovers! So good!! Love it!!
A restaurant that showcases the trend to pizza as fast food in that they have pre-made crusts and ingredients laid out like one might see at Chipolte with first, a number of sauces (from red sauce to olive oil and garlic), a variety of cheeses, including house made mozzarella, then a variety of meat toppings, and then a fairly large selection of vegi toppings. All the pizzas seem to be the same price, no matter how many toppings you want, which is nice, and then they stick it in a blazing hot oven for several minutes and voila, a pizza for one. A pizza like this and a drink is $10.20 - a good concept and it was near where I work or live, I nice work-day lunch option. However, the crust is not quite as crispy as say Pomo's crust (downtown Phoenix) - good but not up to that quality, but it is cheaper by several dollars.

I'll admit, I don't do a lot of fast food, either it is sit down or it is generally cook at home so I have a feeling that I'm just not a fan of quick pizza so that is why it is say, a 3 instead of a 4. In addition, when I see pizza I keep thinking a place that serves alcohol, like Fired Pie, should have more than mega-brand beers and should have several local beers on tap. Somehow I just don't want to wash down a pizza with a cheap yellow beer made by some large brewery conglomerate like InBev. I would also like to see some integration of locally made produce and yes, i know, that is not how a business model like this works - it is all about low cost provider but hey, Chipotle seems to do it so this place could as well.

If you want a quick, hot, lunch, without too much fuss, this is fine, but to draw me back, some localizing of ingredients would be necessary so I would know I'm not just ordering a pizza, I'm supporting some other local producers in the process.
Have been here a couple times now and it is always delicious pizza and great service!  They really do listen to their customers as well. My gf brought it to the attention of the owner that there was no changing table in the restroom (being that the place is pretty new not surprised it was overlooked)  Next visit about 2 weeks later and of course they now have one!  We were pleasantly suprised!  Love this place!
Went back again for lunch and they have added lemon and limes  for  water. I really like this place
I have to say, I didn't have high expectations for a build-your-own pizza place.  Seemed gimmicky...until I got there and saw all my options...

Excellent pie and unbelievably quick to the table!  Fresh ingredients, loved the crust, perfectly crispy thin crust.  The setup is kind of like Chipotle (assembly-line) and I like that you get to see what's going on your pizza as it's being assembled.  An 11" pie for $7.75...can't beat that!

Add to that a pizookie (oven baked cookie/ice cream) for dessert and you will be comfortably satisfied!
Pizza was ok, nothing exceptional.. salad was good.. I don't think I will order  a pizza next time from here.
Pizza was really good.  The place had a good feeling to it.  Service was great.  First time here so they explained everything.  I would eat here again.
Completely blown away by this place. Low expectations going in, but once I took my first bit I realized whoever thought of this is going to be filthy rich.  Can't complain about the price, it's basically Subway/Chipotle but it deals with Pizza.  I immediately texted a few friends, they've all been since and agree, this place is money!
I'm almost embarrassed to say how many times I've eaten here in given work week.  (3, shhhh!)  By the time you've filled your drinks at the fountain and found a seat, your piping hot pizza is ready.  I can finish the whole thing too, thankyouverymuch.  Every last stove burnt crumb.
It doesn't get much better for fast, custom and tasty individual pizzas. Great selection to choose from.
Soooo yummy! I get multiple sauces and cheeses on mine. The pesto is fabulous! I like to stick with one or two meats to not overload. Prices are great too :)
Excellent! Hard to beat $7.75 for all the toppings you want. Went mid day on a Saturday so not crowded at all and the perfect pie was done in about 5 minutes. 

Great concept and friendly staff. I will be back soon!
Delicious pizza!!!! Great price and perfect portions. Try the steak and blue pizza with the jasmine tea. Nummy!!!
Affordable! Awesome crust, yummy! I had the chicken pest no cheese and it was yummy... Healthy alternative to pizza. My husband and I will be back for more.
Fired Pie is amazing! Same concept as Chipotle, just pizza! You start by picking a regular or GF crust, sauce, cheese, toppings and spices or you may do the same with a salad. The customer service is great, the owner has been there every time i'm in and can be seen working behind the counter or walking around checking on tables. All the ingredients are delicious! All the marinated veggies are my favorite. Best prices for the quality, i payed around $8 for a pie and it served as 2 delicious meals!!
Thank you for the $4.15 pizzas on 4/15!! I saw the owner helping the solid line of people out the door. Employees were smiling and they were cranking out great pizzas. I Expected a long wait for my to-go order but it was ready 15 min early! Great business, they will do very well.
It's sad that the people behind the counter recognize me and remember my order (same thing every time!). The ingredients are fresh, which you can taste with EVERY bite.

I really appreciate the fact that I've seen the owner behind the counter during our last two visits, and he wasn't just giving orders, he was starting pies. Seeing that says a lot about his passion for his business and his customers. In the few minutes that we were there (we ordered to-go) he started a few pies (mine included) and walked around the restaurant to personally speak with the customers. Two thumbs up and 10 stars for that! 

My new favorite pizza spot!
Awesome pizzas! The salad was amazing!
The prices are reasonable, and the people were so nice and friendly!!  I recommend this place, i'll be back!!!
Food here is average. The upside is they have a lot of choices and also specials to choose from. They have good salads and pizza and salad are 7.75$ individually. The owner here is rude to customers and also his employees. It makes the trip awkward when he is there.
Think of this place like a sandwich shop... 1 pizza size (11 inches), you move down the line and select you toppings. You can select unlimited toppings however they suggest 6 or less. They have some speciality suggestions or you can make your own. Since it was my first time, I got the #5, it was a steak and gorgonzola pizza. It also has mushrooms , onions and peppers,  but I'm not a pepper fan, so I took those off. The staff was really nice it only took 5 minutes to actually bake the pizza. They are getting 3 stars because the bottom of the pizza was burned and that's gross to me. I'll give them another shot but if it's burned again I probably won't come back
Went here tonight with the family and we were blown away at how amazing it was! Everything was so fresh and delicious, my kids are very picky eaters and they loved their pizzas! We are going back tomorrow because it was so good! Great service as well, manager was extremely polite and kind!
Went here with my girlfriend for 3 days straight now, food is amazing with unlimited creation combinations. Not only is the food worth driving across town for, but the staff is extremely nice with a manager who is very orientated with pleasing his customers. By far best pizza in AZ!
Ooh.  I may have a new addiction.  It's been awhile since a new fast food concept  has blown me away, and Fired Pie has done it.  The staff is friendly, there are a lot of choices for toppings, everything was fresh, and I love that they have fresh mushrooms with the water already cooked out of them, and fresh mozzarella.  I love those gooey glops of cheese on my pizza!  

Mr. M and I shared a pizza with sausage, pepperoni, artichokes, and mushrooms with the red sauce and fresh mozz.  There are so many flavor combinations I look forward to going back to try more.  They have a good selection of beer and wine, a soda machine, and I think I saw 4 different kinds of tea.  Hey....it's getting close to lunch time.  I better go get a pizza!
Fast service, great pizza. Can't complain. Got the Steak and Blue Pizza and really enjoyed it. From entering to leaving, probably was here for 30 minutes and I was dining in! I would probably eat here again. Service was great!
I've gone here multiple times and have loved it every time!!! I usually get the gluten-free crust which is a little bit extra, but worth it for the unlimited toppings at no extra charge. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves thin crust pizza, and loves lots of toppings!!!
P.S. They have AMAZING iced tea! My favorites are the watermelon tea and the jasmine blackberry!
Although the employees were not so enthusiastic, they were still incredibly kind and helpful. The food is amazing. I love the design. I will definitely be coming back.
Pizza and salads are pretty good.
Reason I gave them 2 stars is because the manager/owner is very condescending and rude.

I could write a lengthy review but I feel like nobody would read it. First went when they first opened and went a few times after because it's right by my work and I was excited that we got a restaurant in AZ that is similar to Pieology. 

I could go on about the manager/owner but the thing that irked me the most was when I was listing the veggies I wanted on my pizza, I got to about 7 toppings, and he goes "Whoa the limit is 5". I quickly apologized and in a very condescending way he says, "Uhh I'll let it slide this time." I thanked him but while still in line I also saw him picking toppings off another customer's pizza and angrily tossing them out because apparently they picked too many toppings too. Shortly after I realized he wasn't doing me a favor. He micro manages like crazy, you can tell he's all about cost management first and hospitality second. The funny thing is nowhere in the RESTAURANT OR MENU does it say 5 TOPPING LIMIT. 
I hope the management changes or the guy comes to his senses that he's making his employees and customers uncomfortable because frankly the food is more than decent and not super expensive and more importantly it's right by my office. This guy hasn't just turned me off from the restaurant but a handful of my co-workers as well.
After my bad experience the owner did personally message me And offer me free food which was nice of him. The only problem is I didn't not have a problem with the food. Offering me free food will not change the fact that he is rude to his guest and employees
Awesome pizza! Pricing is almost impossible to beat. Went for the first time tonight and you can bet your ass I will be back!!
New find. Couldn't be more excited. Gluten free and regular crust options, heaven on earth. Fabulous specials and tons of options. Create your own pizza fired in front of your eyes. Great service and delicious food, so far no complaints but I will be back for continued updates..
Great pizza!  Tried 4 different ones and all tasted wonderful.  Ordered, paid and by the time we sat down the pizza was on the table.  All associates working were friendly and fast, on a Friday night no less.  Fresh quality ingredients, nice people working, fast service = a great experience.   We will be back!
I adore Fired Pie. Seriously so good. I love that I can call in an order for like 13 of my coworkers and say I need it at exactly 5:03 pm and they're waiting for me with smiles on their faces and food in their hands. 

And the pizza. The Pizza! So freaking good. The pesto. The steak and blue. And all for like $8. It's a steal. 

Since I work across the street I've come several times and I've had consistently good service. 

Definitely recommend to friends and family.
My trainer of all people told me to try this place. I'm sure he was hoping to steer me towards the salads, but I can't resist a good pizza covered in my favorite veggies. It's also close to my work making it a top choice for lunch breaks.

The ordering process is pretty easy although some members of the general public are a little too slow and indecisive to handle so many options. I love that they have fresh mozzarella in addition to the shredded stuff. I don't need a ton of cheese because my pie already has a ton of flavor from the artichokes, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, kalmata olives and garlic on it. The marinara is a tad on the sweet side for my taste, but it's still great overall.

I have even tried their pookie (an individual size pizza cookie) as part of an email list promotion. It held up well in the to-go packing. The cookie stayed warm and soft, and the ice cream remained unmelted. However, the cookie dough was diabeetus-inducing sweet. I'll stick with just the pizza in the future.
These create your own and cook to order pizzerias are popping up everywhere. I'm liking this concept.

I prefer fired up pizzas and it's thin and crispy crusts so I very much liked my pizza here. I loved that I was able to get it half with pesto and half without. You pretty much can customize it anyway you like, subway style.

This is a great option for when I'm craving wood fire pizza but in a more quick service casual setting.
3+ stars, fast service, decent pizza but prefer a hand tossed dough. Not my cup of tea pizza wise but for those that like a crispy pizza, it's right up your alley with customization up to 7 ingredients. Decently priced meal with drink less than $11.00.
Very good, fresh ingredients.  Excellent customer service.  New to the area, called in my order and ready right on time.  

We'll definitely be back!
First-time at this awesome place. Thank you for thinking of this. Soooooo much better than Pizza Bianco plus it's fast and friendly. Fresh ingredients you choose or pick from the list of favorites. Chipotle style ordering. Excellent crisp, thin pizza. Crazy that no one thought of this sooner. Only problem I see is that I will be craving it.
First time ever at Fired Pie and it was excellent. The staff was friendly, engaging, and helpful. The pizza was delicious and they had a decent selection of beer available. Great lunch spot.
I've been here 3 times now and they never disappoint. You can get the pizza anyway you want, it's fast, and the customer service is awesome. Usually the owner(?) is walking around asking how the pie was. Today he asked some kids how basketball camp was going. If you're looking for a quick fix to great wood fired pizza with awesome customer service, this is the place. The prices are great! I can just go on and on...

Try it.  You won't regret it.

PS- They even have watermelon iced tea!
Fantastic thin and crispy pizza. The Chipotle of pizzas.  Able to choose from a ton of veggie options. 4 different teas, lemonade, and beer and wine. 1 pizza is enough for one guy meal and I finished 3/4 of mine. Owner was nice and runs a tight ship mentioned he will be opening up more locations soon. Will come back!
This is the best thin crust pizza i've had in a long time.

I'm always skeptical going into a place for a pizza but this place rocked. The crust was cooked perfectly.

A big plus is that they are around the corner and there is plenty of parking.
I was very impressed not only by the selection, but also the speed, and taste of the salad and pizza options here.  I visited this place twice within a week, once for salad, and the next time for pizza and both times I was very happy with my selections.  The pizza wait time was so quick!  They even have wine here, which makes everything better.  I like the build your own options and I appreciated the customer service and quality control.  
Highly recommend this restaurant.  I will definitely be returning because there are a lot of pizzas I still need to try!
First time here and the pies were great. Had the buffalo and Hawaiian BBQ pie. Staff was friendly, highly recommend it.
I've had this bookmarked for awhile...I should have come in sooner! It's great!

We came in today for Father's Day (found out about the free pie for Dad's today gave us a perfect reason to check it out).

When we walked up, they were slammed. But it was not a problem! They are really organized and the line moved super fast. I'm actually shocked at how fast our pizzas came out considering it was so crowded when we went today. 

The pizza is fantastic! We ordered the pesto chicken, Italian meat lovers, pepperoni/olives/mushrooms, and a plain cheese for the kids. All the pizzas are $7.75 and just a plain cheese and sauce is $6. Great value for an 11in pizza! Oh and a pizza cookie ya know, since it was a special occasion.

Such a great concept and very well executed. I'm totally coming back to try their salads.
We ordered 3 pies to go, and each was done very well. The fresh mozzarella with tomato sauce and basil, a pesto sauce pie, and a regular mozz with red sauce.  The sauces were tasty, cheese was of good quality, and I like the thin crispy crust. Pizzas came out super fast and the service was very pleasant. I could see eating these!
Love, love the idea of choosing your own toppings and creating a custom pizza pie!The pizza was pretty good, too.  This would have gotten at least 4 stars had it not been for the fly that was buzzing around the raw ingredients in the open containers.  It was allowed to roam free the entire time I was there.  Then there was this gal with a bandana behind the counter who was constantly talking on her phone and I can't help but think about her spit getting on the food.  When they sliced the pizza, they did not use gloves and the same chatty gal was the one slicing after pulling out her phone time and again to talk on it.  The tables can use a wipe down or two but seems like the employees were either too busy taking calls on personal phones or chatting amongst themselves to keep the place tidier.  Too bad.  Would have liked to go back.  May try other locations.
This place was very good. Fast service, fresh ingredients. Staff was awesome. Place could have been a little more clean but it was very busy and it was father's day. I will definitely be back here again.
What a neat concept!  It was a great place and the pizza was delicious!  The price was fantastic considering I could put as much or as little as  I want for one low price of $7.75. The employees are so helpful and nice. As a first timer, they were generous I their explanations and toppings. This zooms up to one of  top 10 favorite places!
Interesting concept and above-average pizza, ruined by possibly the rudest owner of an eating establishment I have ever encountered. And his rudeness wasn't even directed at me.

I'll kick this off with the huge negative for this experience. The owner.  As I approached the front of the line and my time to order, he stepped behind the counter and started replacing some food items. He noticed something wrong (not sure what) and proceeded to loudly berate his employee right in front of me and everyone else in line. Following that ouburst, he assumed one of the positions on the line and started putting toppings on pizzas as requested by the customers. One of those customers my friend right behind me. My friend, God-forbid, couldn't hear what the owner was saying to him (and it was our first time there as well), and very loudly, rudely and in a very condescending way repeated himself. It was so awkward and uncomfortable that my friend only got a couple of the toppings he wanted so that he could discontinue the exchange.

Note to the owner: this is not New York City and this is not a soup kitchen and this is not a Seinfeld episode.  You are wound very tight and make what should be a fun/pleasant experience one that isn't. I feel sorry for your employees who have to take your verbal abuse in front of customers.  Your rudeness to my friend was unnecessary.  You are in the wrong business. There are other comments/reviews that also make mention of your rudeness. Your food is pretty good, but certainly not at the expense of such poor service.  Also, your employees were kicking tail behind the counter. They were all friendly, and they were all fast and accurate. I would have quit on the spot right  in your face if you spoke to me like that in front of customers. You could use some training.

As for the food, it was above-average. I had my own creation and enjoyed it.  The salad we got was very good.  Thankfully there are many equally good pizza spots throughout the valley.  I won't be returning here for the reasons stated above.
Excellent pizza!!!!  Great service.  Always greeted with a smile.  Good prices too!
I have to admit in general I tend to not love brick oven pizza. I like my pizza ny style. But this place is great.  Basically its subway but for pizza. Same processes. Thry make you a personal pizza as you watch. Pizza artists. Really good quality. They are always extremely n ice. The place is always clean. If you love pizza like me you have to try this place. The diet coke is great. But I also like the free brew green ice tea. I always ask the guy to not make my pizza crispy.  They smile and hook you up. Pizza how ever you want it.
This place simply rocks! I had hoped I would visit a unique restaurant in Phoenix, but my chances were looking slim. Fortunately, curiosity was my better and I discovered Fired Pie where you can build your own pie or choose one off the menu for $7.95. No extra costs. Amazing!

I built one of the tastiest pizza pies I've ever had with a garlic olive oil base, mix of mozzarella and feta cheese, some capicola with sausage, roasted peppers, white onions, sundried tomatoe, and wilted spinach. The secret? Take it easy on the ingredients, choose good colors and contrasting flavors. My taste buds thank me.
Had to try this place based on word of mouth and the reviews, and I'm so glad I did. I wish I remembered the girls name who helped me as soon as I walked in to explain the concept. She was great and I needed that! 

 I went with a pizza, half of their steak specialty and half of my own creation. The ingredients were fresh, there's plenty of options, thin crust is delicious and perfectly cooked, plus the service was friendly and quick. Can't go wrong for less than $9 no matter how many toppings.
Great quality, concept and service! Staff was helpful in explaining concept and options! Food came out fast and was great quality. For $8 you can literally get whatever you want on a pie. I'm won over.
Yummy! It is really good pizza. On the more pricey side. I am surprised to say that the gluten pizza was the best. It is more doughy. One let down was the 'bazooki'. It was very, very small and undercooked while being burnt on the bottom. Skip the dessert and just get a pizza! - you won't be disappointed
Very good idea! Fired Pie is the perfect mix of Grimaldi's Pizza and Subway! I will continue coming here again and again!
I hate to update with a negative review but my meal and the service I received this evening sucked. My pizza arrived but it was cold because it wasn't cooked long enough. I even talked to them and they offered to remake the pizza....which came back with cold ingredients and unmelted cheese a second time. Wtf? Two tries and you can't leave a pizza in the oven long enough to melt the cheese? And it took waaaay too long to get it remade. My slow-eating kids were finished long before I got my new (but once again room temperature) pizza.

There's usually an older and younger African American couple here (father and son, maybe?) who always took really good care of us and produced fantastic pizzas but they weren't here tonight. 

What a disappointment! This visit took away all of my enthusiasm for the joint.
Heard about this place so we had to try it. Very glad we did! Loved the options available to chose from.  Pizza cooked quickly and wasn't greasy.
My new favorite lunch spot!!

When I went here for the first time the other day I didn't know what to expect. From visiting the website it looked like they had pizzas you could order and you could also customize your own. From experience, usually a place will charge you per topping, so I went in expecting to pay a hefty price. I don't eat cheese or meat so usually I just get a pizza with sauce and a bunch of veggies. 

When I walked in I saw that it was a Subway style pizza place where the worker takes prestretched dough off of a rack and puts the sauce and cheese on and then passes it down for the meats, who then passes it on down to another person for the veggies. I ordered a pizza with marinara, no cheese, red onions, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, pepperoncini, and kalmatta olives. To my astonishment it was only about $10 WITH a drink! Awesome! 

It was so good I visited this place the next day and got the same pizza only I added the olive oil/garlic combination, fresh basil and oregano. It was TO DIE FOR! I will be back here many more times!
Comfortable atmosphere, friendly service. Price versus great food... a most try if nothing else! Twice in one day and family loves it
Loved, Loved, Loved the Gouga Mac& Cheese!!  Better than Mom's, shhhh.
Our server was so nice and attentive, the atmosphere was great. You HAVE to check out the sinks in the bathrooms, creative and cute design!
 Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the mac & cheese creations they offer!
Great place. Relaxing atmosphere! Family loved the food. I had the cheddar Mac it was a little bland but then tried my husbands dish and it was delicious!! Kids loved it and my son was raving about their meatballs.
- Decor - 
Even as I was pulling up to the restaurant in the complex I was getting giddy. I could tell just driving by that the decor and ambiance itself is something I'll fall madly in love with. And I was right! Their style is how I want to base my whole life around! My future home, my product labeling (if I were to sell something), my coffee shop (if I were to open one), my clothing store (if I were to somehow build one), my children. Yes even my children. I want their whole being to somehow represent this simple, minimalistic, vintage style. It was a beautiful day and they kept their doors open, but even if they didn't this restaurant is very bright and spacious with simple accent pieces to make it more elegant. For example, the chalk art on the walls, and the deep burgundy booths. LOVE LOVE LOVE!

- Ordering - 
You order at the counter and they give you a number marker. They have special deals everyday! On Saturdays they offer a $7.99  lunch special - side salad or soup, 1 piece of garlic bread, and a build it your own pasta. You get to choose the pasta and sauce but any additional toppings is extra charge. Ze boyfriend went with the Smokehouse Mac and ordered Cauliflower Gratin. As you finish with your order, and you walk towards the tables, you can see a small section of  fresh produce piled like at the grocery market behind the counters and they also keep their working space very open so you can see the cleanliness of the kitchen. 

- Food - 
The food didn't take too long to come out. My caesar salad was delicious and was very fresh. As my pasta, I ordered a basil pesto wheat pasta with broccoli and mushrooms, it was alllrightt. Too bland for my taste. I can only say the Smokehouse Mac was only okay too. It was too sweet, but I guess that should be expected if you're going for that hickory smoked bbq flavor. The Cauliflower Gratin sealed the deal on 4 stars rather than 5. I could have let my experience with the rest of the meal slide, but not the Cauliflower Gratin. Although it was good, it got me questioning if they had Paula Dean back there preparing it cause that thing was just straight up fat and oil. I posted a picture to show the insane amount of oily greasy mess that took up the bottom half of the bowl. The description on the menu said it was seasoned with parmesean and mozzarella cheeses but I didn't realize by seasoned, they really meant 'swimming in', I tried one just so I could review it, and that's all I could have. 

That heart-threatening side item won't keep me away though. I'm still very interested in coming back and trying all the other items.
This place is decent. It's like an Italian chipotle. I love the atmosphere of the place and service is friendly. I had the 7$ special and chose penne with a meat sauce. I have tasted better meat sauce. I did sneak a bite of my friends pesto and it was great! My penne was a little over cooked but the fact that you get a soup or salad and a breadstick was awesome. When I have a chance I am looking forward to trying some of the other menu options available.
Great concept. Can make your own pasta dish or you can have Mac and cheese. Great kids selection as well. Lunch special Monday through Saturday.  I had their Mac and cheese and added jalapeo and sausage. Was a little disappointed in the portion on the add on but the Mac and cheese dish was great size. Garlic bread was fantastic. My son is very picky and had fettuccini with meatball and tomato sauce. It is always hit or miss if he will like his food. He loved it. Plenty of seating inside and a coke machine that can create 100 different combos. 

Service was outstanding. Samantha greeted us when we walked in and was pleasant and patient as we ordered. Matt brought our food with a smile and checked back later to ensure everything was okay. He even bussed our table while we lingered. The owner walked us through the menu prior to ordering. Overall a great experience and the price was right. I would definitely come back.
Awesome concept! I'm an adult who absolutely loves her some mac and cheese, so a restaurant exclusively catering to this dish is a great idea to me. Stopped by this location after spotting the other location on the other side of town. I ordered the pepperjack mac and cheese and my dining partner went for the barbeque mac and cheese. I wanted the pepperjack one to amazing but it was just okay. It needed more kick and another cheese to thicken up the cheese sauce. Maybe a nice gouda? Anyway, it said it had jalapenos in it too, which is always a plus. But there were only 3 jalapenos!! I think they should slice and dice the jalapenos and include it in the cheese sauce. Mmmmm! I think it's a great idea!! The barbeque mac and cheese was the redeeming factor here. It was yummy and hearty with good toothy-ness. Fantastic. I'll be back to try the blue cheese one because I can't say no to blue cheese. Also, I need to try the garlic sticks. My dining partner ate BOTH of them. Also, they have The Cupcakery cupcakes for dessert!! +1!! Definitely try this place if you love mac & cheese. Until next time!
I love this place, and really happy I don't have to drive all the way to the other location anymore. The plethora of ingredients means you can try something different and be creative with flavors and textures. The prices are slightly high, but the quality makes it worth it. I'm bummed out that they don't offer their tomato basil soup at this location, but I'll still be back.
Incredible lunch today at the new Mac Shack on west Charleston. Food was ridiculously good and the value and service was equally as impressive with kids eating free on Sunday and a ton of gluten free options. Curbside pick up too for takeout. Definitely one of our new fav spots.
I love their website for take-out delivery - super easy to use and lots of options.

The pasta is fantastic, perfectly cooked and the sauces taste fresh and flavorful.  I love the alfredo, vodka sauce, and the macaroni and cheese. I also love that I can add peas to everything I order - that is is my pasta favorite.
This location has awesome decor and ambiance.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.  Great concept: You choose your pasta, then a sauce, and any toppings you want.  To-go orders are always packaged neatly and stay hot for a long time.  Good prices and big portions.  My favorite is the Pomodoro Fresco: Angel hair w/ fresh tomatoes, basil and light garlic w/ Parmesan and Romano cheeses.  The Baked Rigatoni is another great choice.  Rigatoni w/ meat sauce, mozzarella and baked ricotta. They can make a large variety of stuff so just ask if you want something extra special and they can probably do it. They serve China Mist brand iced tea which is one of the best tasting teas around.  

***Memory Bank this tip: The chicken noodle soup w/ or without Matzo balls is awesome to-go when you or your family isn't feeling 100%--quick and easy.
If I could give them four and half stars I would!

My boyfriend and I went here Friday night. We really liked the concept. Pasta customization, cool! We ordered the asiago bleu mac and cheese for me, crazy alfredo for him, gnocci with pesto, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes and bread sticks to share. I loved my mac and cheese! The bleu wasn't too overwhelming, but still had that bite you expect with bleu cheese. The crazy Alfredo had A LOT in it. Chicken, Italian sausage, steak, and shrimp in a roasted pepper alfredo sauce. I personally did not try it, but my boyfriend said it was very good! 

The only reason for the half star would be for the size of the shrimp and the beer selection. The shrimp were pretty tiny. The pasta only cost a little over $10 but he said that he would have been happier with three big ones versus a few little guys. We were pretty happy to see that they serve beer and wine, but the selection was minimal. My boy is a beer guy so of course he wanted more. 

Overall we loved it. We'll definitely be back and indulge in our carb intake here!
Modern food is an interesting intersection of simplicity & customization.   Mac Shack is simple & clean with an open kitchen and a walk-up counter for ordering.  Once you get there you can choose from about 10 pastas & sauces, and 20 toppings.  If you're like me and rather have a specialty item, you can pick from various pastas, mac-n-cheeses and salads.   The pasta itself is very fresh and cooked well.  

The dishes can be a bit rich (which is common for pasta) so take a friend to share a pasta and salad.   Alternatively, go for a 5 mile hike at Red Rock Cyn nearby and work up the appetite to conquer a whole bowl on your own.
Went here on the spur of the moment instead of Claim Jumper as it hadn't opened yet.  My grandmother and I both got the lunch special for $7.99.  The pasta and sauce were both delicious, the homemade Italian dressing was yummy, and the breadsticks were awesome!  I had a vegetarian angel hair with garlic and oil, as well as a side of zucchini, and grandma had angel hair with marinara, topped with shrimp.  I typically don't drink soda, but had a field day with the soda machine that pumps out just about anything you can imagine.  Serving sizes were great for the price and everything tasted fresh.  This is probably the cleanest restaurant I've ever been too, and will definitely be returning.
The Mac Shack Facebook page helped me discovered their grilled sandwich selection.   I saw a picture of the Peanut Butter & Jelly Grilled Sandwich and knew I had to try it.  So delicious and I am hooked.  5/5 Cooked to perfection--Recommended--Must Try WOW!

We told a good friend about the PB&J and he has reported that his little girls both loved it.
We visited the new location tonight for a late dinner. After ordering and paying, one of the line cooks made derogatory remarks in Spanish about my boyfriend and myself. We were the only patrons in the restaurant so it was clear the comments were about us. Whether he thought we didn't speak Spanish or thought we couldn't hear him, it was completely unacceptable in 2014 to be such a hateful, homophobic ass! We immediately asked for a refund and left without eating.
I'm a fan of this place.  I really enjoy that they have farro with just olive oil and garlic.  Very simple and flavorful.  They also have that really cool soda machine, but the thing about that is I don't drink soda.  I will be back again just for the farro.
Connie and I went for a quick dinner. She ordered the Crazy Alfredo and I the Asiago Mac 'n Cheese. They were both excellent. I was afraid the blue cheese would be too overpowering but it was mild. It was creamy with a nice touch of crunch from toasted breadcrumbs. 
Although Connie doesn't eat jalapenos and they won't make substitutions on dishes, she of course didn't eat any, but they imparted a nice flavor and mild heat to her dish. So like Arnold Schwarzenegger, we will be back.
The garlic bread left allot to be desired but no big deal. I like the soda machine with a gazillion flavors...pick a beverage and add any flavor shot. These machines are gaining in popularity.
Not a huge fan of no substitutions, but I get it...with all the ingredients, it would add lots of wait time to tailor orders. Looking forward to trying something Italian though. It's a pasta place after all, so the true test will be a red sauce. I'll add another star if the next visit works out!
Being from Colorado, I appreciate a place that reminds me of Noodles & Company. Both are great! If you get a "create your own" dish it will quickly add up, but it's quality food nonetheless. They also sell cupcakes from The Cupcakery. I will definitely be back!
I felt very awkward ordering because I took my time looking at the menu, the young lady in front did not greet us, asked us how we were or ask if she could help us... I hesitated and played it safe and ordered the Chicken Alfredo and Grilled Peanut butter and Jelly. The menu was visible and easy to order but there was many things I wanted to try. 

When we went here, it was on a Sunday and there was a family of four and a couple who came shortly after. It was pretty empty, slow and the staff didn't seem too busy. We got our drinks (cool machine where you can almost pick any soft drink), sat down and about 5 minutes later a young man gave us our food. The chicken Alfredo was average had a very creamy sauce. We had chili flakes but no parmesan shaker. The Grilled PB&J i took home and was the best part. 

This place is average, I wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their items though.
Fast service. Nice staff.  I got the smokehouse Mac and cheese which has bacon and a hint of BBQ sauce blended in. It was just ok. I received free garlic bread for checking in on yelp. Small bonus. Oh and they have that soda machine where you get to choose from 200+ flavors which I love. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Like others have mentioned it's kid friendly. My child loved the food. They gave her a fruit roll up with her meal. Again small bonus. They also have a cute little lollipop stand near the entrance/exit for kids to grab. I'm not going to lie I grabbed a couple for myself. Overall the place is descent. I will come again just to try out some of their other dishes.
I have to admit I am quite impressed with the Mac Shack. I've seen this place numerous times on shopping trips to the area around Boca Park, but I never stopped in until this past weekend with my husband.

Knowing we were both hungry I knew I had to make a decision that would please both of us. Considering my husband isn't as outlandish with his food choices as myself I decided on Mac Shack. After all, pasta is something we both love.

We arrived during lunch so we took advantage of their lunch special. $7.99 for a make your own bowl of pasta, a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup, a breadstick and a drink. I think that's a really good value, especially considering the amount of food you get.

I got: whole grain wheat penne pasta, with spicy red sauce, chicken, and an extra add in of roasted garlic (I think that cost me an extra 50 cents), and the side garden salad. My husband got angel hair pasta, with Alfredo sauce, chicken, and the corn chowder soup.

The place is very roomy with black/metallic decorations and they play some interesting music over the speakers. As for the food it quickly arrived at our table. My pasta was cooked perfectly, the spicy red sauce had a nice kick with peppers and onions, the chicken was perfectly fine, and a decent amount. Roasted garlic was good, but sooo much I ended up leaving quite a bit of it in my bowl. The salad was decent, and a large portion. You will not leave here unfulfilled. Neither my husband or myself could finish our entire meal.

I would absolutely return... although not too often. I am a pasta fanatic, but I gotta watch those carbs! Good thing this place is not anywhere near where I live or I think I'd be gaining a few extra pounds....
Amazing food! So glad we stopped in. I don't think I've ever had food this fresh and such amazing quality at such a casual place. Wish they had one in Los Angeles!
Ran up on this little place last night. The decor and the smell of delicious food was awesome. Big portions and decent pricing. Def coming back
Overall experience is great. I been there three and was happy every time.. It's a great family atmosphere.
I did a search for vegan food on Yelp and the Mac Shack came up.  Last weekend I went to eat there and asked the cashier if there were vegan items on the menu.  The cashier did not seem to know what vegan means, so she asked the girl working next to her.  The second girl said they do not serve any vegan items.  The way the second girl replied to her co-worker left me wondering if there really were not any vegan items on the menu, or if she just did not want to be bothered telling me what items were vegan.  The place wasn't very busy when I was there, so it wasn't like she couldn't find the time.  Although a few menu items looked as if they could be vegan, rather than trying to ask, we just left.

It looks like a nice place, but for us, the customer service was lacking.  If there are vegan items on the menu, I hope someone will point them out.  There are no designations, as far as I could see, on the website menu.
Mac shack pasta attack!

First time I went in, I  got the impression of a east coast theme as if I was in Boston or New York.

Ordered off the menu a couple of favorites and I was quite please. Crazy Alfredo and bottle service.

Everything was cooked fresh and took around 20mins to take away.

For sure a place I'll  come back to try something else out.

Overall
Price: $$$
Food: 4-5
Service: 4-5
Come back: yes
I absolutely love the ambiance of this location. Compared to the location on Warm Spring, this is the upscale adult Mac Shack! They have red leather booths and rustic wood tables. 

What I ordered: The veggie gluten free add chicken

My Mom got the lunch special. $7.99 for a basic make your own bowl of pasta (comes with noodles and choice of a sauce - add in topping are extra), a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup (she got a salad) a bread-stick and a drink. 

I would love to give this place five stars but some of the times I come my meals are swimming in olive oil. If they could just be a little bit more consistent and work on reducing the amount of olive oil in the dishes I would be super happy!
Service needs a lot of improvement. Ordered to go at 7pm, got food at 7:40. Thank goodness we decided to stay and eat because they got our order wrong. No apology given.  Won't be coming back for sure.
Very good made to order pasta! The gluten free pasta was a huge with my parents.  Staff is great, very friendly.
Love how the place is setup: nice open space, modern signs with appealing typography, and the lollipops at the front are a nice touch. 

However I've been here a few times and the food is a hit or miss. One time I ordered a smokehouse mac and it was crazy amazing with a very healthy amount of bacon and cheese and just, unf, but another time it was seriously lacking, kind of dry and a bit flavorless. Also, another time I tried the penne and pesto and the pasta was so salty I couldn't eat it! I could feel my blood pressure rising with every bite so I had to stop. 

So I guess when you come here cross your fingers you'll get lucky and have some decent pasta.
Some people recommended this place to my mother & I... and I guess it's good for some people, but not for us!  The garlic breadsticks were awful... the only flavor they had was heavy garlic, that I was belching up hours later, even after only 2 bites.  It wasn't smooth & yummy like most garlic bread I've had almost anywhere else.
As for the pasta... I had penne alfredo and my mom had the angel hair marinara... I admit, I'm picky, and I literally ate 2 bites and couldn't eat any more... first, the pasta was chewy & crunchy... maybe al dente, not my choice for pasta... or just not cooked properly, IDK... but worse was the alfredo sauce... it was SO heavy on the butter & cheese... mostly butter, that's really all I could taste, but worst of all was the bitter after-taste that came a few seconds later.  Awful.  And mom's marinara was worse, it was too acidic & bitter, she actually spit hers out into her napkin and couldn't eat more than that first bite, and she said the after-taste was even worse... she tried mine as well, and said mine was a TINY bit better.
So I guess some people like the taste of their sauces. But sadly for us, it was awful and a waste of $20... we walked out leaving 2 full bowls of pasta, and one full order of breadsticks, and a second order of breadsticks with a couple bites out of them... waste of money and time, very disappointing overall.  Definitely not for us & not somewhere I'd go again.
What a pleasant surprise!  After living back east we've become a little picky with pasta.  It tasted fresh, it was fast and casual.   We'll definitely be back!
I've come here a couple times and the food is always delicious!! Very fast service, even when busy. The decor is really cute and bathrooms and tables are always clean. Will be returning regularly!
The staff was great.  My son loved that he could select his own pasta and sauce.
I had the smokehouse Mac n cheese and it was great! Thanks for the free garlic bread for checking in!!!!  The atmosphere is great and service was fast.
It's pricey but really good.

If you have a craving for Mac and Cheese and don't want to make it at home, this is the place to be.
Convenient place for quality pasta.  I had a custom order of whole wheat penne pasta, with marinas sauce, shrimp, roasted garlic and tomatoes.  Good weight watchers meal.
Can't get enough of this place. My favorite is the the farmhouse with spaghetti, roasted garlic and mushrooms. It's super creamy with the just the right amount of saltiness coming the the pancetta. Plus, I don't feel so bad about eating cream sauce cause I ate my vegetables in the form of peas!
My new favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. I ordered the pepper jack Mac with the jalapeos... I am going to have fire out of my butthole later tonight, we are talking 4 alarm, none of this trash can in the kitchen crap either.

Only a couple of things that bothered me. #1 did Vegas corner the market on these soda machines with 90 bazillion flavors? I see them everywhere and there is always a line to get a drink. #2 only 4 jalapeos? I could have handled like 8-10 kind of mixed in the Mac and cheese.

Good place, going to try the BBQ one tomorrow possibly.
Solid choice for lunch, although I wasn't too impressed overall.

Came here for the lunch special, only to find out that it is only on the most BASIC of pasta choices and sauces.  For instance, the "Smokehouse Mac" that I wanted to order could NOT be substituted even at a higher cost.  They should allow "premium" choices or add on a couple extra bucks per topping desired.

So because of this, I ordered the Pesto Penne ($7.99 Lunch Special): Comes with Breadstick, choice of Soup/Salad & a Drink. Not bad! Wish the breadstick tasted fresher, and perhaps I should have added something else to the mix...like a meat choice or cheese or something, since it was pretty basic and was lacking depth.

For the soup choice, I went with the Chicken Noodle Soup ($3.95 but included w/ lunch special). Good, but not great...I'd recommend trying one of their other choices. 

And because I came here for the mac in the first place, I ordered a separate Smokehouse Mac ($8.95): Smoked Gouda Cheese & Applewood Smoked Bacon with Barbecue Sauce. This was a HUGE portion, super rich and HEAVY. I am a gouda LOVER, but this was a bit much to eat.

Another small qualm, I called in initially to ask if they had free wifi....I was told yes.  When I arrived, I could not get it to work for my laptop or my phone.  After asking multiple employees, some said they did offer it...some said no.  And nobody was able to help me get it working.

Good luck!
Great first time experience...food tasted fresh and great! I had the crazy Alfredo and it was done very nicely...Will go back definitely
This place is so-so at best. Good in a pinch but not a first pick. The califlower was the best dish we had. The second visit still didn't impress, which I was so hoping it would. It's a cute place and I really wanted to love it. But the sauce all taste the same whether you chose white or red...wawawa! Lunch maybe, dinner NO! They need to step it up a notch!
3.5 stars rounded down. The food is good, I just think it's a little on the expensive side...it is after all just pasta with a few chunks of ingredient X and a sauce. Pretty good combinations on the menu plus you can create your own if you like. They also do salads - I haven't had a bad one. 

They do a "Lunch special" which isn't really a good deal at all sadly. For $7.99 you get a regular side salad, breadstick, drink, and some pasta. It's a smaller pasta portion and you basically get to choose a pasta type and a sauce... if you want anything more like some meat or veggies you have to pay a lot more per item. So it ends up being as expensive or more than a regular pasta dish. Pretty lame "deal". 

They also do "pasta points" where they will track your purchases and once you get to 10 points you get a free pasta dish. Don't get too excited...only the full price pasta dishes count :(
Hardly ever disappointed. Pasta is cooked perfectly and sauces are fantastic. Kids meals are cheap and they sell cupcakes! Yum! They also have a very modern soda machine... Pretty sure it can make you anything you've dreamed of!
Oooo, the Mac Shack. I've been hearing a lot about this place in the past year, but never gave this place a shot until my friends and I decided to give it a try.

You hear the name of the place and more than likely, the firs thing that comes to your mind is macaroni and cheese. That is something they definitely have for you to get and try out, but they also have some delicious pastas to try out as well. Their menu selections of pastas are decent, and the macaroni selection is a little less as well, but what their menu may lack in selection, makes up for it in customization; they have build your own pasta with many different kids of sauces, pastas, meats, and fillings. With that in mind, they also have some salads and different sides you can add to your meal, and even a few sandwiches, one of which that seems interesting enough, a grilled PB&J. On my visit though, I didn't get the PB&J on this visit, but I did get the cauliflower gratin with my pasta, which was called bottle service. 

Bottle service comes in penne pasta and the pasta was cooked al dente and just right. The sauce went very well with the pasta and the sirloin beef & mushrooms. If you order bread and dip it into the pasta sauce, it makes for a delicious meal ahead of you. The cauliflower gratin was very good. The cauliflower wasn't too soft and soggy, and had the right amount of crunch. The crumbs, cheese, and sauce put on top of the cauliflower made for some delicious side bites to go along with my pasta. One bonus, is that with a yelp check in, you get free garlic bread! The garlic bread that I ate wasn't too garlicy, or even had a real garlic taste to it, but it did taste like the bread they make from pretzels to me, just a teeny bit. Another bonus about this place is that they have that fancy soda machine that is only one machine and has that wide selection of various drinks and additives you can add to your beverage for ultimate customization. This can be bonus to some, or not, but when you are done eating, you don't have to really clean up after yourself, the staff cleans up after you, so that's awesome in itself to me!

Overall, I loved the feel that I got while I was in Mac Shack. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, and the environment was amazing. Give this place a visit for a casual meal with family and/or friends!
.................
I love this place. I never really ate pasta before I moved to Las Vegas, but I crave this place about once per week. Their prices are a little high for what feels like a fast food pasta place, but the staff are always nice and the food seems fresh and is always tasty. I don't think the lunch deal is the way to go unless you really want a soda with your food...you get a really small salad, breadstick and a small bowl of pasta with a sauce - no toppings! I'll definitely be back.
My wife and I met up for lunch and we headed for Claim Jumper. We pulled in the parking lot and I noticed a sign that said "...pasta". The rest was blocked from view, so I started trying to figure out what it was. I found the name and looked it up here on Yelp. 

We changed our plans and decided to try something new. I had their Crazy Pasta (I think that's the name), but without jalapenos. It was really good. It contained noodles, alfredo sauce, sun dried tomatoes, chicken, shrimp, Italian sausage, red peppers, and green peppers.


My daughter had chicken fettuccine alfredo. My wife had some kind of pasta with shrimp in it. They both loved their food as well.

We also got a free order of bread sticks for checking with Yelp right before we ordered. We'll definitely be going back.
I always drive past this place whenever I'm in the Summerlin area and I finally decided to try it out. The place reminds me of Panera Bread, but a pasta-only version. 

I ordered the Crazy Alfredo because I that's what I saw people rave the most about on Yelp. It was $10 and some change and I thought the portion size was more than enough. It had A LOT in it and I wasn't able to finish the whole bowl. 

My boyfriend did the "create your own pasta" option, which is a starting price of $7.99 but 1.25 for extra add ons. He's a plain Jane so he basically ordered a fettuccine shrimp Alfredo, but he liked it, so whatever lol.

We used the "free order of garlic bread" offer which was an order of 2 garlic breads. They were pretty good. Nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about either.

I'd recommend going during the times they have lunch specials. It's $7.99 for your choice of pasta, garlic bread, and a drink. All in all, really good place to go for a filling, inexpensive lunch.
What a delightful lunch I had at Mac Shack. Great place, wonderful service and friendly staff. The restaurant gives you a hint of how delicious the food is when you walk through the door. The aroma of good food greets you as you enter. Great for business lunches and families!
Good pasta but a bit expensive. I had the broccoli pesto and the food was good, but they did not skimp on the pesto or the oil. After I finished the bottom of the bowl was still full of oil and pesto. It was good but be aware you may be in for more than you expect! My boyfriend had the baked rigatoni and thought it was pretty good except the sauce was a bit bland-needed more spices. We also had the meatball side and the garlic bread side. The meatballs were pretty generic, okay but not great but I did not like the garlic breadsticks at all. It seemed like it was just dipped in garlic powder and didn't have an authentic taste to it.

Overall I gave it 3 stars because the pasta was good and the chicken and broccoli in my dish was cooked very well. Be aware of the prices though, for 2 pasta dishes and 1 side (the garlic bread was a free offer) and 2 fountain drinks it was $26 so kinda expensive when it is essentially a pasta restaurant with a few extra additions to a dish. 

Worth trying and I really want to come back and try the mac and cheese - if it's called the mac shack it had better be delicious!
Don't go after 8:30.  Their staff only cares about closing up and ignores anyone still in the restaurant.  Never received garlic bread and had to ask for refund; and they took away the iced tea from the beverage station with 5 - 6 tables still occupied.  May never go back.  Only giving 2 stars because food was good and the cashier re-stocked the Tootsie Pop display.
The few times I've been here, the pasta is awesome. But the service never fails to piss me off.

Let's talk about the good things first. Usually when I come here, I get the pepperjack mac with some extra cheese. Delicious and cooked fast, the chefs here are always speedy in pumping out orders and making the pasta just the way you like.The price is a little high, but the proportions are so large that there is usually enough left for me to take home, that is, if I can get a damn to-go box around this place.

A couple problems with the people that are hired here. 
I'm all for employing younger people, particularly students trying to pay their way through college, but how is it that a place that serves beer/alcohol has not one person over 21 on the schedule? There's been a few times I've come here and either can't order a beer from the fridge I'm staring at or have to wait 20 minutes for them to find the manager. Plan and schedule your employees accordingly.

Last time I was here, swear to holy potato, EIGHT tables were empty and trashed. No one was cleaning up. Luckily the drink machines are self serve, but me and my friend who sat their talking for almost an hour and a half, had not one person come by to take away the dirty dishes or offer us a to-go box. They have done this in the past so I know it's something they are trained to do, and when I got up to go refill my soda, I saw two employees sitting and texting on their cellphones. Maybe they were on break, but no one else was around to clean up the havoc of a mess the place was in.

As good as the pasta is here, the dirty environment and lazy workers makes me worry about the sanitary conditions of the food. Probably won't be visiting here that much anymore.
I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out! There is a location right down the street from where I live, and this one is right down the street from where I work! It is like my carb destiny!

This restaurant is probably the perfect balance between fast food and casual restaurant. The inside is bright and charming, the employees are friendly, and the service is fast. All of the entrees cost between $8-$12 on average, so it is not a place you'll break the bank.  Mac Shack is great for a quick, casual lunch with a friend or co-worker when you don't have enough time for something more formal, but don't want fast food or subs.

When you walk in, you are greeted with a large overhead menu. You place your order and pay at the counter, then if you are dining there, you're given a number placard and a server will bring your food. The service was great, and we were checked upon several times during the course of our meal.

I ordered the Crazy Alfredo, without the jalepenos. In retrospect, that might have been a bad decision, because it did need some additional seasoning. Aside from that, it was great- lots of meat, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes. It was very cheesy, and the pasta was cooked just right. I decided to only eat a little and save the rest for dinner. The serving size was plentiful and I would have been full if I'd eaten the whole thing. My friend ordered the Broccoli Pesto Pasta without chicken (she's a vegetarian), and she finished everything. 

I was very pleased with the Mac Shack and look forward to trying other dishes- and they have a mac & cheese grilled cheese sandwich?! What!
Great pasta and great choices! Also, they have one of those fancy self operated soda fountains. I love those :)

Prices can get high when you decide to make your own (my favorite is the classic mac with capers) and they have Cupcakery cupcakes there as dessert. The food is always made to order, and served hot at your table of choice. And when you are done you can help yourself to a Tootsie pop. 

I will say that the cupcakes can be a hit or miss as they are not labeled, and the employees here do not know what they are. Unless you frequent the Cupcakery you have no idea what cupcake is what.  Also the table serve can lack depending on who works there. The last time my friend and I came in nearly every table was full of plates, and the entire time we were there they were not cleared. And they weren't busy, and they had quite a few people working.
First off the customer service in this place is great.
I walked in to the mac shack wanting and hoping for a warm, cheesy, goodness that would be the next new level in my mac and cheese arsenal.
so I ordered the "smoke house" mac and cheese, which by the description from the menu sounded ridiculous. I was pumped, I thought to my self man this is going to be epic!!!
also got the garlic bread (because I love some good garlic bread) 
so I sat down in there very well done restaurant area
Then a short time after I got the soup...I mean mac ... well it could have passed for soup. looking at it stomach rumbling I take a bite, instantly an overwhelming taste of very sweet bbq sauce hit my taste buds and not a hint of the smoked gouda as promised from the menu. 
The dish resembled vodka sauce and mac elbows, no cheese and so much soupy sauce that I could soke it up with the garlic butter covered little Cesar's style bread sticks.
after about 6 bites I gave up and abandoned the dish.
I do really wish that I would have had a better experience at this fast casual restaurant. maybe the cook needs to be retrained or replaced either way they wont getting any $13 lunches from me. 
to me first impressions are everything and should be. this places food did not impress me in the slightest.
Pasta and cupcakes cannot beat that. The jazzy Sinatra and Tony Bennett music filling the space made me feel humbly in love with each bite of my pasta. My new place of serenity.
Outstanding. Came in here for a quick bite to eat and ended up leaving with enough leftovers for another meal. Located in the same shopping plaza as Barnes and Nobles. The set is really cute and cozy and I immediately loved the atmosphere.  I ordered the Cheddar Mac with a Caesar salad and both were so flavorful. My boyfriend did the create your own- penne  with pesto, mushrooms, and shrimp.
Will definitely return.
This is the best restaurant I know for Mac and Cheese! The flavor their dishes have are wonderfully delicious!
I love this place, they have great pasta and several choices! My girl friend and I just love it.
I live in Summerlin and everytime I drive down Charleston I say to myself, I need to try this place!  I finally did and I wasn't impressed.  I went around 6pm and when I walked in, it was not that busy.  70% of the tables were occupied and no line.  As I looked over the menu, everything sounded pretty good. I walked up and decided to go with a fettuccine alfredo with chicken +broccoli (add .50), side caesar salad and breadsticks... I was hungry!!! I wish I would have checked in before I ordered, because I would have gotten those breadsticks for free. DARN!  I also got a soda and with tax, my bill was about $16.  For an entree, salad, breadsticks and soda, I didn't feel like I overpaid.... I would say prices are in line with places like Panera.  But, it's not a full service restaurant, so some would debate the prices.

I will say that this place is pretty sexy inside. Faux leather banquettes with the reclaimed wood feel. Chalkboards fill the restaurant with words like "organic chicken" "THE BEST" and other words that try to make this place something that it's not..... And that would be a place for foodies.

My meal arrived and that's when everything went downhill.... Fettuccine was bland, definitely needed more cheese, salt.... SOMETHING!  As I'm eating my rubbery processed chicken, I'm looking at the chalkboard that says fresh organic chicken.... I'm in this industry, I know what fresh grilled chicken tastes like, and the chicken they serve here is NOT that.  The breadsticks were not that soft and barely had any garlic flavor..... The salad was pretty tasty though. The dressing had a nice garlic bite to it and the croutons were fresh and crunchy.  

Mac Shack really needs to think about sourcing fresh ingredients, because the chicken in my fettuccine was processed and the broccoli was frozen and microwaved/steamed.  This place needs to focus on transparency because it's trying to be something that it's not.  You're a modern looking Panera with slightly higher prices.  I will give you one more chance in about 3 months....
Love this place. Never thought there were so many ways to make noodles and sauce. Bottle service is by far my favorite. It's perfect great food that I love and so does my 3 year old; now that's rare. The do to go service too!
Nice atmosphere and decent food. I had the Pepper Jack Mac and Cheese which was just the right amount of cheesy and spicy. I previously came and created my own pasta I noticed it was lacking salt. I had the same problem when I tried my moms pasta but that could just be my taste buds. Overall, it's a good place to pick up a quick meal.
Yum, first time here and it was pretty delicious. I had some reservations after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Food was fast and tasty, the customer service was great.
Sasha and the crew have done an amazing job with the new place, and the food just amazing as it was at the previous location. I'm excited for them and I'm excited to have 24 Carrots closer to my work. Thank you Sasha, Amanda, and all the rest of the crew (both new and continuing).
If "5 Stars" is "as good as it gets" then 24 Carrots is well deserving of that rating. Because this place in its new location at Guadalupe Rd and McClintock Dr (just west of Baskin Robbins) is nothing short of phenomenal! The new venue boasts of a much larger dining area; is brightly lit (thanks to the entire north wall consisting of windows); has Vegan, Raw, and Gluten-free bakery items; as well as a cutting-edge Veg and Raw menu that consists of innumerable items that will absolutely-positively knock your socks off with flavor!  

One thing that stands out at 24 Carrots, in comparison to other Veg restaurants of this type, is the freshness of the ingredients. Picture produce from local farms. Imagine produce handpicked by the owner that very day. Think taste explosion with each and every bite! And this isn't just a once-in-a-while sort of thing, as 24 Carrots changes their menu weekly to reflect what's available from their dedicated local suppliers.

But the food at 24 Carrots is much more than just morsels as fresh as the morning dew. That's because 24 Carrots' redwoods-among-spruce reputation can be found in the sheer uniqueness and creativity of the menu items themselves. For this is no ordinary Veg food consisting of fake-meat sandwiches on vanilla-white bread or bland, grossly-overpriced rice bowls. Instead, you're getting is a bumper crop of culinary originality, food created by climbing mountains that other venues of this type have not yet dared to scale. And just when you think it can't get any better, 24 Carrots routinely tops themselves with some new flavor sensation that will curl your toes and shake, rattle, and roll your taste buds with utter delight!

Also, the new location has a much bigger staff, yet equally as friendly (thanks to greatly-expanded kitchen space having abundant room for more help), and that means they can now crank out their culinary masterpieces in short order.  And there's even comfy couches and chairs to sit on for people waiting for their lickety-split orders. Though, if time is not an issue, feel free to just hang out and sample one of their hit-the-spot juices or smoothies while you surf the web (and, of course, the Yelp website) on 24 Carrots' free Wi-Fi.   

Overall, my two thumbs are up, waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy up(!) for the new 24 Carrots, which is setting the bar awfully high for outstanding Veg and Raw food in the southeast Valley of the Sun. Bravo!
This is probably my favorite vegan restaurant! Their smoothies are to die for, they have so many juice options, and their food is creative and delicious! I was very happy with their service. Our cashier was smiling and happy to answer my questions and our server was prompt and polite. I plan on coming back as often as I can.
Awesome breakfast spot for vegans.  The vegan eggs & bacon taste just like the real thing.  You'll pay a bit more than your average diner, but aren't you worth it?  Amazing pancakes and stick-to-your-guts oatmeal.
Today was the first time I tried this restaurant and I loved the food!  The service was quick and the place was clean and spacious.  I'm looking forward to eating here again.
Tasty sandwich.  Thanks for gluten free options. Love the fresh and local fruits and veggies.
New location, new menu same name.

First off this is a cafe and juice bar as the food is not just some second thought. There are vegetarian, raw and vegan dishes, salads, burgers wraps quesadillas and more. And now there is ample seating for all. However the patio has yet to open.

My BLT burger was decent, but the patty itself was a bit too carby and dry for my tastes. We also got the browned coli-flour rolls and they were amazing, Great flavors.

Portion size for the prices is a bit small but this seems to be the norm in this segment.  

Hopefully they will stay open a bit later for dinner.
I really love this place. The food is fresh, creative and excellent. I love the Smokey TLT with avocado. The tempe 'bacon' is made on premises and is crunchy and delicious. There are also wraps, plates, bakery items and more.

Their juices are interesting combinations of fruit and veggies that are delicious and filling. 

The owner, Sasha, came to our table to greet us and insure all was well. Very nice lady who is dedicated to healthy eating and quality organic ingredients. 

Great place for vegetarians, vegans, raw foodists, gluten intolerants and many others with dietary restrictions or preferences, and it tastes good for "regular" folks too. 

The only two downsides are probably unavoidable. Number one, it is rather noisy with the blenders going to make the juices and smoothies, and no soft surfaces on the floors or walls to absorb the sound. The other is the price. This is not a cheap place to go, but you get what you pay for and I believe the value is there.

Best to luck to 24 Carrots in its new location!
My favorite place to. Get healthy AND delicious breakfasts and lunch. The new location is wonderful.
24 Carrots is a rare commodity in the modern world of restaurants, where most food is factory farmed, highly processed, and prepared using nutrient stripping, unhealthy methods.  

I have been eating their fresh and ever-changing food creations as well as drinking their fresh juices and smoothies for several years, dating back to their original location in Chandler.  

It is really nice to see them expand into this new location in Tempe, where they are growing and getting the exposure they deserve.  They offer healthy, delicious options for raw, vegan, and gluten free eaters.  

Sasha, the owner, took time to sit with me and give me valuable tips and suggestions for choosing to go on a raw cleansing diet.  Very warm, knowledgable, and hospitable.  She even let me try a raw dessert on the house!  

I give this restaurant five stars and would love to see it continue to grow and succeed.  It may be slightly more expensive than your average lunch spot, but the quality is noticable if you know what's good for your health.
Fresh, healthy, and vegan are the key words here at 24 Carrots. Prices here are a little high, but you're paying a premium for the quality and freshness of the food they serve.

We came here on a Saturday afternoon, and the restaurant was bustling with patrons eating tasty brunches. Remembering how empty the previous restaurant, Efe's Turkish Cuisine used to be, it's a welcome change to see a steady stream of customers in this space!

The menu is strictly vegan, and they offer options such as faux burgers made with beet, tofu as egg substitutes, and apple chorizo hash. I decided on the breakfast burrito ($9.75) to go.

Our order was neatly packaged and placed in a nice white shopping bag with utensils and napkins. When we got home, I opened up my to go container to see something that looked more like a breakfast "wrap" than a burrito. There were multiple layers of spinach tortilla/wrap holding the ingredients together, and there were a plethora of crisp, leafy greens in the wrap, along with other ingredients such as apple chorizo, scrambled tofu, and garlic sauce. The flavor was fresh, spicy, and an interesting balance of savory and sweet.

My husband got the Arizona bowl, which looked more like a hearty salad rather than a breakfast meal. Despite him wanting to come here specifically, I guess the idea of a vegan breakfast didn't appeal to him after thinking about it, since he promptly cooked up some eggs and bacon and mixed them in with his bowl when we got home!

They also offer smoothies and fruit drinks, which I'd like to try some day. 

If you're vegan, vegetarian, or just looking for a healthy meal, 24 Carrots is the place to be.
So glad there's a local vegan place now!  Went in today for a late lunch (weekday around 3-ish) and had the place to myself!  It's a beautiful and spacious restaurant with local art for sale on the walls and fresh flowers on each table.  

They have a selection of teas, juices, smoothies, and sparkling water--don't expect a soda fountain here!  They also have a tempting dessert case filled with chocolates, cakes, and cupcakes.  Yum!  

I ordered the broccoli curry stir fry--peanut coconut rice noodles, bok choy, carrots, mushrooms, and broccoli served over a bed of fresh greens.  Great flavor, portion size, and not too pricey.  Filled me up...but still had room for dessert.  Tried the coconut lime cupcake which was really good!

Will definitely be back!
We went here based on the rave reviews of a co worker. The original location seems to have been in Chandler on Chandler Blvd, but that placed closed so we had to come here.

I ended up getting the nachos, my co workers got the quesadilla and one of then got a protein soup. When the soup came out it was deep purple! However my friend reported that it tasted fine... my nachos were decent but tasted more like Indian chaat than nachos (fine by me). 

They have a large selection of smoothies and their menu changes frequently. I'll be back if I'm in Tempe again.
This is new in Tempe and I am glad it is right around the corner! I love that the food is fresh and they try and use the best ingredients possible. The atmosphere is great, I love the decor and how they serve you water in your own individual glass bottle for the table. They have a little seating area with couches and board games that would seem to be fun to hang out at night or on a weekend afternoon. With the hours I work it is hard to get there when they are open so I hope with the more business they get, the longer they will stay open!
I am not vegan or vegetarian, but the freshness of 24 Carrots' dishes and ingredients is what drew me in, and I was not disappointed! I ordered the carrot cake pancakes and they were to die for! Yes the meal was on the pricier side, but knowing my food was all natural made it worth the price, and I could definitely taste the difference. It's a shame I don't live in Arizona anymore; I look forward to going to 24 Carrots the next time I am out there and trying something new- or just ordering the carrot cake pancakes again!
I finally had the time to get to 24 Carrots today, only to find out they're not open on Sundays. Very disappointing, so I drove a few miles to Piicazzo's (NE corner of Kyrene and Warner) to get my organic juice. I'll try to get to 24 Carrots another time, but Sundays seem to be my out and about day.
I loved you the first time I visited a few weeks ago and now you disappoint me. You're out of almond butter which was the highlight for one of your breakfast selections and subbed peanut butter. Not the same!! The smoothies were just as good as the first time, but the fruit on my breakfast was a bit lackluster. I want to love you again and will try one more time hoping for the glory of that first time.
Love this new-ish local eatery and juice bar. They just moved and are already running smoothly. Great food. Family friendly. Loved the Cucumber Cooler juice and the BBQ unchicken and lentil quesadilla. Also got the raspberry coconut bread pudding yum! Most of all love the people. Thanks 24 carrots!
The food here is good: fresh, flavorful, and creative. Unfortunately, the coffee is weak. I got a soy latte which was largely milk. Whatever coffee was in it lacked flavor.
I'm not a vegan nor a vegetarian, yet I love this place!! So far I've had a green smoothie and three brunch items - Arizona bowl, breakfast burrito, and carrot pancakes - and they are all so delicious! The carrot pancakes are especially delectable. They are so flavorful it's unreal, they almost taste like a cinnamon bun. It is a little pricier than I would typically like to pay (though not outrageous by any means) but it is worth the price; everything I've gotten has great flavor and is a pretty good portion, not to mention the ingredients they use are all local and natural/unprocessed. The place is adorable and pretty quiet and I enjoy going there by myself sometimes just to read.

The only cons I have are the price (but again, what I've had has been worth what I've paid) and every time I go I have to wait about 15 minutes for my food, no matter what I order or whether there are other customers in there or not. 

Overall, great place! I have come back a few times and I will continue to!
Modern society has a variety of situations that continue to cause huge danger to many people, like me, who are sensitive to chemicals.  I have no choice in my cuisine selections but to choose food that is not processed, organic and  has other healthy attributes.  For some years now, I consume ONLY organic fruits and vegetables, no gluten, no sugar and no processed food.  You might say "good for you, but that is way too expensive of a way to eat.... organic food is sooooo expensive".    I have discovered that if I stray from my healthy choices, I get migraines and  nausea .  It is only due to the huge efforts and dedication of certain restaurants like 24 carrots, that healthy food choices are offered.  That and a wonderful little restaurant with ambiance that is designed to foster community sharing are what make this gem of a place sooooo worth the price that is charged.  This charge becomes an investment in nurturing not only our bodies in the best way possible but also to nurture the mind and soul to create a better world.  I can only hope that all can have the incredible great fortune to dine at this fabulous little place.  May it continue to prosper and grow and help to promote the best life possible to all.  oh, by the way,  I am disabled and on fixed income.    I chose to invest in my body and mind to allow them to be at optimal health and adore the chance to encounter others with like minded  choices.  bravo to 24 carrots
Great service, great food, great atmosphere! There has been nothing but good experiences here. Please keep it up!
I love this place!! As someone who is gluten, dairy, soy and corn free, I can eat almost everything here. I've always been delighted at my dish and dessert. Very happy they moved to Tempe and therefore closer to where I live.
Incredibly impressive customer service. Sasha and crew worked all day on a gluten free carrot cake for my sister in-law.  Sasha worked extra hard even after I arrived and walked the cake out to my car to ensure it was perfect. I had a smoothie while I waited, which was also delicious. Thank you Sasha and crew for your outstanding work!!! :D
Just ate there. Food was bland and flavorless. We had to go and get a menu to verify what we ordered, as the menu claimed it came with certain things and toppings which did not make it to our plates. The burger has like warm mush that faintly tasted like potatoes. Salad unimpressive as well unfortunately.  $30 down the drain. Tempe and Phx has better options out there we hope...
24 C is the ultimate restaurant. Everything on their menu is delish. And for what you get considering that is organic the price is really reasonable.  I've had multiple great satisfying meals here and keep comimg back for more. This place is a true  culinary inspiration.
Ehhh .....a little bit too healthy for me. Okay - I admit, I just finished 90 minutes of hot yoga and just sweated buckets of water weight. So I thought why not try something healthy. Decided to try 24 Carrots and picked out their Smokey BLT Club and the Pesto Pasta. For you meat eaters I don't think this is the place for you but doesn't hurt to try. ;)
Smokey BLT Club - you're thinking bacon, right? Wrong! It's their "house vegan bacon" which pretty much is warm firm tofu with some sauce on it, along with avocado, tomato, red onions, greens and aioli sauce covered by a multi grain sandwich bread. Also came with a side of hummus and carrots. If the "bacon" wasn't warm then the sandwich wouldn't have been as decent. Content. 

Pesto Pasta Primavera -- uh didn't realize that I think I ordered something completely different. Their pesto pasta says it has "Asparagus, carrot, red peppers, cabbage, kale, but free basil pesto, drizzle cashew cream" I ate whatever was on the plate bc I was so hungry. I'm looking back on the menu and confirmed I was given the Zucchini Noodles. Wow!! Totally missed that one. Didn't get asparagus. Didn't get red peppers. Didn't get carrots. What??!! Haha - mental note: should have realized there were missing ingredients. Ate it anyway since it was considered healthy. 

Overall content but got hungry later. Lesson: look at the plate for missing veggies!
Vegan. Organic. Tasty!! Food, smoothies, juice, coffee. Really enjoyed the butternut squash taco!
24 Carrots was my last vegan stop during a recent trip to Arizona.  I was hoping to try one of their weekly lunch offerings, but arrived too early!  I settled for a couple of their brunch options and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the Carrot Cake Pancakes and Arizona Bowl.  The pancakes were a great - fluffy with chunks of carrot and pumpkin seeds.  I also had a side of tofu bacon with them and it was really flavorful and had a great texture.  The Arizona Bowl was delicious - a mix of tofu, soyrizo, veggies, spinach, and avocado.  I think that my bowl was missing the cheese and beans, but it was still filling and really tasty.  I also tried a piece of almond coconut chocolate cake, which was yummy as well.  I was there the day after Easter (for which they were closed) so the baked goods and desserts case was empty, they were out of maple syrup, and my bowl seemed to lack a few components.  I understand that it was the day after a holiday, but really wish they had a bit more to offer.  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Arizona with the hopes of trying out more of their offerings!
My first impression was very disappointing. Ok, to give them the benefit of the doubt, their register crashed causing their disorganization. There wasn't a lot of people though and the four of us only ordered juices/smoothies. How hard is that?! I also ordered one of their chocolate balls from their bakery. 
They forgot it, so I had to go back up to the register to ask about it. The guy was apologetic and said he's bring it right over, which he did. 
Everyone got their smoothies and juices but me. I remained patiently waiting until my friends finished their drinks. I realized they forgot me again. I went back to the register and notified the girl there that I never got my cucumber cooler. She apologized, they made it right then and there and gave it to me. 
I was a little annoyed at all this.. So much that my review so far is solely based on customer service. 
While waiting I did have a sip of the Good Juju and berry smoothie. They were both delicious. This is the reason I might come back, but if the service is the same I certainly won't.
My wife and I were out photographing a wedding and we had time between the salon and getting ready at the hotel to get lunch. We found this hipster joint (which was right across the street from the salon) and said we had to try it. I had the breakfast burrito. A.Maze.Ing. So good. I can't wait to go back and then get to try something different from their menu!
No. No no no.

It's places like this that give veganism, vegetarianism, and frankly vegetables, a bad name. 

We went here for Mother's Day and boy was it a mistake. 

We ordered the hummus to start which had about 1.5 tablespoons which wasn't even enough to dip all the vegetables we were given. Also it wasn't good. I had the BLT which was bland and had a weird taste. I also ordered the apple soyrizo hash which had no soyrizo in it and when I asked I was told it's just the flavor. Well then don't put that in the name of the item and also then where is the flavor coming from?? 

My brother had the avocado quinoa bowl and it was tasteless and missing items like black beans and my mom had the blueberry French toast... The toast was literally just toasted and there were barely any toppings, in fact she had to ask for more to make it edible. Also the free mom-mosa that was to come for my mom took 45 mins: ridiculous. 

Apparently the smoothies are good so my recommendation is - make it a smoothie bar... Smoothies, coffees, dessert.. That'd be great.  But don't do food. I cook vegan food and it can be delicious. This was not that. And it was way overpriced for what it was. 

Someone did come over to ask us how it was and when we told her she offered to refund us, which we declined, or give us a gift certificate which we did accept.. But that's always like cool your food was bleh gimme more! We may return to try something else but well see. Not in a rush. 

We got Baskin Robbins after. Can't go wrong there.
The smoothies are great, especially the tropic thunder. Although they are extremely slow. Last week in particular waiting for my smoothie it was as though they cooked everyone's food before they could make my smoothie, it was nearly 10 minute wait for something so simple. 

My visit yesterday was better, still a little on the slow side. If you want a good healthy juice or smoothie come here just set some time aside.
Food was very delicious.  I tried the burger and it was good.  I liked how i asked for.ketchup and they brought out freshly made ketchup.  Very very friendly staff.  Highly recommend it
Organic, non processed, lively atmosphere, surrounded by others intent on excelling in healthful pursuits............  These  are 
 just some of the offerings of 24 carrots.  I heard rumor that they have some fun things planned for the clientele of the "kid persuasion".  What a wonderful way to have our children accept early in their lives, the positive benefits of healthy eating.  How hard it can be to convince children to not accept sugary, processed foods just to be popular and like the majority of kids these days.  
Vive (long live) 24 carrots.
My wife and I went in around lunch time. There was literally no one there and no one acknowledged that we were there for several minutes. There was only one item in the entire glass case. We stood around awkwardly until we saw the laminated menus in the holder on the wall. 

We decided to try a juice before we ate so I ordered a carrot-orange juice. It was about $5 and came out luke-cold. I felt pretty disappointed at that point to we left. 

It is a really cool looking place but the service and food seemed really sub-par, especially for the price. I see a lot of positive reviews so I may try this place again but my time there was definitely a 1-star experience.
It is certainly vegan and you pay extra for that - which is more than reasonable if you want  a place with multiple options with absolutely no animal products. I would eat here again but prices are a bit high for my blood, especially since there are a number of other options - bottom line - good food, just a bit high relative to the surrounding area.
So I occasionally will venture into a new spot and in the West Valley this happens more because the options are slim unless you love the usual suburb destinations.

There is a good bar next door, Augies, that I frequent but today I noticed a new place that had exactly what I wanted, hot wings! 

The staff (all two of them) were very polite and introduced their menu which consisted of mainly wings and a few other items like fries and Fried Okra.  I ordered a few different types of seasonings and off I went home and devoured these awesome wings.  

I would recommend you order take out since the options are very limited to wings and the location isn't necessarily anything you want to write home about. Pricing is pretty consistent to wings at the usual pizza shop so yes it can be a bit pricey.

I hope it can survive this bad shopping center, looking forward to coming back.
Love their garlic Parmesan wings the wings are really good and very friendly staff check them out new restaurant in the area all wings yummy!!!
The service was good. The food was hot but the wing sauce (traditional hot) was not what I hoped for. I will try another flavor and see how it goes.
Tried this place since it was on my way to the hotel. They are brand new to Mesa. They have an impressive list of sandwiches. They have a lo g list of veggie sandwiches, if that is your preference.I ordered the "Michael Jordan" - a meatball sandwich. It was outstanding! One of the best meatball sandos I have had. The place itself is bright, clean and welcoming. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would certainly go again, and I highly recommend the place.
Amazing sandwiches! Glad they are in the neighborhood! Gotta do Dutch crunch and dirty sauce. I had the Elvis Keith added jalapeo, super good. Onion rings are really tasty but not that big of an order for sharing. So come eat here!  Very friendly guy at the counter from the San Francisco location.
I am from Phoenix, moved to the Bay Area 7 years ago... I have only been to Ike's in California, but I am sooooo excited they opened one in my home state. They're sharing the love!  
The sandwiches are incredible. The selection is extensive and they can make things vegetarian/vegan style if you request. You even get a caramel apple lollipop in your meal (I hope they do this in AZ). 
Don't hesitate - RUN to Ike's and get the best sandwich of yo' life!
Just traveling through on our vacation (SF Giants Spring Training) and spotted Ike's.  I know Ike's from the Bay Area, and this did not disappoint.  I got the Vegetarian and my husband got the Menage a Trois with Halal Chicken. Both sandwiches knocked our socks off!  Seriously, how good can a sandwich be?  So good!  Totally recommend.  They obviously take their sandwiches very seriously!  I will always go here when I visit Scottsdale!  (Go Giants!)
I had he misfortune of living in the Bay Area for 6 years. Ike's at Stanford was one of the only good things about it. 

From what I understand, Ike's has developed thousands of sand which combinations over the years. My personal favorites are the Damon Bruce and the Reggie Jackson (you'll notice that the sandwiches are typically named after someone, lots of sf giants players on the menu). 

This place just opened in an odd corner of Mesa on valentines day. The best thing about it is there was no line and no San Francisco people that you had to deal with in order to get a great sandwich.
I love a good sandwich and this place has stolen my heart. I can't say enough about how amazing their sandwiches are. I had the Bill Walsh (former 49 ers coach) but I think they should change it to the Joe Walsh because this sandwich rocked! I know that sounds cheesy but it's true. The menu is huge so there is something for everyone including vegans. In my opinion a great sandwich starts with great bread and there's is right in the money! And they used this amazing garlic aioli that smells like what I imagine heaven smells like. Damn it was good! A perfect mix of turkey, cheese, avocado and the heavenly sauce. Mmm Mmm good! It's been 36 hours since I've eaten there and I think I will go back there tomorrow for lunch.
I'm a little surprised about their choice for the first location in AZ. It's across the street from Fiesta Mall which is quickly closing stores. And many nearby restaurants have gone out if business. I would think that they would have chosen a spot with mire traffic. So fingers crossed that they get tons of business because if they close I'm going to have to move to California to get my fix.
Second visit in a week. I can't think of eating anywhere else! I think they put an addictive chemical in their delicious sandwiches that makes me crave it nightly! This time I tried the Tony Soprano and it did not disappoint. Again amazing bread and great deli meats. Great blend of flavors from the meat, Italian dressing and dirty sauce. I also tried the Funky Fusion chips and they were amazing! I have no idea what the flavor is, maybe BBQ and vinegar? They are so good an extremely addictive. Funky Fusion is a perfect name. 
I can't wait to eat there again!
Not sure I have ever been a fan of a place as fast as I became a fan of Ike's Place.

They opened their first location in AZ and after hearing a lot of hype, decided to check it out. The menu is a bit intimidating at first, but I eventually settled on the Bella.

The staff here was extremely friendly and the vibe of the restaurant has that neighborhood sandwich place kind of feel. It was not very busy and had little wait for our food. Oh and there were some cops eating there too, so that tells you the food is good right there.

Once I tried the first bite of that sandwich, after taking pictures of it for Yelp of course, I was immediately a fan. Everything about this sandwich was great, the bread, the meat, the toppings, couldn't think of a single complaint about it. It even came with a lollipop!! Everyone I was with was saying the same thing about their orders as well. In fact, it was so goodI actually ordered a sandwich "To Go" to eat later. 

I can't wait for the next time I find myself at Ike's and have told everyone I have come into contact with since my last visit about it. 

Maybe I should buy me some Ike's Place schwag!!
Although not the least expensive sandwich on the planet.. Ik'e s is up there with best I have ever had.. The bread is fantastic, and the combination of ingredients are ingenious.
This is my second time chosing Ikes, this is because the sandwhich I got, called the "Reggae Jackson" was delicious!
 The cashier, named Tucker, was great, giving me the experience that I wasnt just another customer, instead, he showed that he truly appreciated that I chose to eat at Ikes.
The employees appear to truly enjoy their job. The enviroment vibe was great. This being my second time at Ikes, the cashier Tucker, said "welcome back". Im definitely eating at Ikes again
I usually don't do reviews unless places piss me off, but Ike's is an exception. They have the best sandwiches I have ever had. I live within walking distance of Ike's, which is a huge plus for me. I plan on going there regularly. I also really enjoy the music, from what I've heard, everything is from the 90's.
Found this place after a recommendation from a friend and it was definitely worth the trip. So many great sandwiches to choose from. I ended up going with the Bella on Dutch Crunch bread, but be sure to order it with bacon. It's so good. I really like that all of the sandwiches come with a Carmel Apple lollipop too. It's a little off the beaten path, but definitely worth the trip!
Blew my mind! Just landed from SF and was looking for a local place instead of a chain and I wanted something vegetarian. Happened to stumble in here and was blown away by an entire row of the craziest veggie sandwiches I've seen. And Jessie, the girl helping me, was so damn passionate. The energy added a ton. After taking about 10 minutes to get out of massive decision fatigue, I went with the 'Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian' with the works on their homemade Dutch crunch roll. Wow. Can't wait to try the original in San Francisco!
Delicious! This place certainly knows how to make a tasty sandwich. The bread is soft but crunchy and didn't get soggy! That's a big deal for me. Nobody likes the gross soggy party at the end...looking at you Subway. Not to mention they use fresh veggies and delicious sauces.Also I'm super impressed with the fact that there are so many different sandwich options and they have many vegetarian and vegan choices.These sandwiches are huge as expected for the prices! Almost wish they had a smaller size option as well. Oh well, just save some for later!
This is by far the best sandwich I have ever had.  My mother was with me and she felt the same way.   I would rate it a 10 on the 5 star scale, and I can't think of another that I would even rate a 5. People were friendly, too.  In my opinion, the location is bad because you almost have to know its there to find it; but its not bad in any other way.  I hope they open other stores that are closer to my daily life, but in the mean time I will be driving to Mesa regularly to get a sandwich from Ikes. YUMMY!!!
This place is absolutely amazing! I discovered the one in San Fran from a friend and loved it. The cashier told me there would be one opening in Mesa and I had to try it. Must say it is AWESOME. I had the vegan Tom Brady and the vegan Bud Bundy (on the San Fran menu - not this one, but they will make almost anything on the online menu for you), then I had the vegan Handsome Owl (my new favorite). The vegan Brutus is okay but nothing to write home about, but this place has hands down the best vegan sandwiches I have ever eaten... EVER. Oh yeah Ike was at the restaurant when me and my dad went.
Are you kidding me? This place is real? 
Of course it has a million reviews and 5 stars. There is something for every single person on this planet to enjoy. When the worker found out I had never been there, she mentioned that they make over 400 sandwiches. Four. Hundred. Holy. Crap. 
They have tons of vegetarian options, plenty of unique combos and then the basic stuff as well. If theres one thing (okay, theres many) that Adam Richman has taught me, its that the basic dish is the best way to judge a restaurant. Yes, I went with the boring turkey avocado. 
The lady working there recommended a crunchy bread and had my sandwich out to me in less than 3 minutes. First... it was the size of my head. Massive amounts of food is a big plus in my book. 
The sandwich itself was great. Perfect ratio of meat, bread and lettuce. And the avocado was fresh. None of that crazy bottled crap. 
My only regret is that I didn't get it "dirty". They'll put mozzarella sticks and jalapeo poppers on it. Oh. My. Heck.
I have tried multiple sandwiches here.  The Jay mee sirewich is amazing with avacado.  The staff is great.  If your adventurous try the bear hug amazing.
Ike's is finally in AZ and it was worth the wait. For those of us with celiac or gluten intolerances, Ike's is a fantastic option. They use sandwich rolls from Gluten Free Creations (which is just as good as the Mariposa rolls they use in the Bay Area) and use exclusive GF areas to prepare sandwiches. 

The wait time for making sandwiches, however, is a bit long. They are newly opened though and perfection can't be rushed. You'll definitely want to make time to come check out Ike's!
Best Sandwhich I have EVER eaten!!!! Seriously!!!!
And, I am a foodie. Soooo glad they are in AZ now.
Not the greatest location, but it is worth the drive and the staff is super awesome!
Plus, you can pick sandwiches from the San Francisco location that is not on the menu here. And an added bonus is that they have a ton of vegetarian and gluten-free options for all of my friends.
Holy sandwich menu, Batman!! That was the best meatball sub EVER (called the Micheal Jordan for a good reason)!! The Boy got the Handsome Owl and it was a delicious vegetarian sandwich I'd consider getting my meat-loving self if I weren't worried about missing out on the meatballs!! The Dutch Crunch bread our sandwiches came on was super tasty with plenty of crunch AND soft chewiness. They even let me put the fried zucchini ON my sandwich instead of on the side!! These are the kind of sandwiches that are so tasty, you feel like you have to eat every bite - even if there's no room in your stomach.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when choosing from the huge list of choices. It was a fun place to be and their Happy Hour special for people eating there was a free drink and chips with your sandwich!! Even the music playing was great (old school R&B/rap...the fun stuff everyone loves to sing along with)! I can't wait till one opens in Phoenix. Hey Ike!! There's an old JB's that's closed on the corner of 32nd St. and Indian School - how about opening up shop there?!?!? I promise to bring all my friends!!
The food is awesome! (Try the bear hug it's ridiculously good) It's a bit on the pricey side but you definitely get what you pay for. One sandwich is more than enough for two people to share. 

I really like the decor of the place and the counter girl, Jessica I think her name is, is so awesome. It's nice to see someone so excited about their job :)

I really hope it sticks around for a long time.
A coworker and I decided to try Ike's for lunch for the the first time on Monday. The sandwiches we delicious. She tried the Barry B and I had the Your favorite Sesame Street character. We both loved our sandwiches. Our only compliant is we wish they had an option for a smaller sandwich. I don't think sandwiches keep well as leftovers, and tried to eat the whole thing so it wouldn't go to waste. I couldn't quite finish and I was still stuffed. I will try to get someone in the office to split one with me next time we order. Staff was also super friendly.
My favorite place now to get a sandwich. Very friendly staff and great atmosphere. I thought the price was high for a sandwich, until the sandwich came out and it was big! I was completely stuffed. 
The place is very unique and the menu names for the sandwiches are hilarious.
Tried  Ike's today for dinner and it was fabulous. Had the Tony Soprano and it was great. So many other sandwiches that I want to try, will definitely be back.
Eating a "Sometimes I'm Vegetarian" sandwich. AMAZING! I have found my new go-to sandwich shop. Such a wide array of things to choose from, no matter if you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free. I little pricey with sandwiches around $8-10. But worth it!
When I saw Ike's had opened up in Mesa, I couldn't believe it. Did my beloved sandwich shop from San Francisco that's always a must-visit actually makes it way to Mesa? Once I verified that this was the real-deal Ike's, I started texting friends and family who share my love of Ike's with the good news.

I must confess that I haven't been to this location yet, but it's only because it's so close to my husband's work so he picks up our order. My guy says this is the best gluten free bread he's ever had. He almost sent back his sandwich the first time he ordered it because he thought they put it on regular bread. He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.

Being a vegetarian, Ike's is like heaven to me. Whenever there is more than two veggie options on a menu, I start to seize up with indecision (in the best way possible). Their fake breaded chicken is so good. It reminds me of the patty used in McDonald's spicy chicken sandwich (again, in the best way possible). The vegan bacon isn't as gross as it sounds although the fake fat stripes are silly looking. I added it to the Reading Rainbow, and it was delicious.
My favorite sandwich shop from San Francisco has made it's way to AZ! Had it for the first time at the new location today and was amazing as usual. The dirty sauce and Dutch crunch bread are a must.
I don't have a clue where to even start with Ike's. Maybe I could start with the crispy yet warm and chewy Dutch Crunch bread or I could possibly begin with the Dirty Sauce. Either way, this place is out of this world. 

I had the opportunity to hear Ike's story and not only does he care about his food, this dude really cares about creating a good environment. There's this blonde girl who is ALWAYS there at this location and she told me she actually transferred out here to help open the store and she's the most friendly person and always greets me like we are best friends. I'll call her "The Director of First Impressions". She is a G.

Anyways, do not hesitate to go even out of your way to go to Ike's. The location is not my fave but I can promise you it's worth it!
The first time I had Ikes was in downtown Oakland about a year ago. I have to say it was one of the most memorable sandwiches I ever had. I told everyone about the place as if I was the owner. I was working at a clinic about 5 miles away a few days ago, but had no idea that there was an Ikes Sandwich Shop in town. I'm never in this area because its been dead for years, but now I have reason to go there. I was planning on meeting my girlfriend at Chipotle for lunch. I pulled into the parking lot and saw Ikes off to the side. I was hyped!!! I immediately called her and told her to scratch Chipotle and do Ikes instead. We both got sandwiches and traded halves after I sampled hers. She ordered the gluten free bread and I have to say its the best I've had. The staff was excellent and made great recommendations. I will be back for sure.
Visiting from out of town and decided to check this place out. My family and I were very happy with this place. A list of sandwiches we had: The Ted Danson, The Thunderbird, The Reggie Jackson, The Pat Tillman and the Mnage a trois. All were great sanwiches! I see why this place has high ratings from others customers. They have many varieties of sandwiches available. The staff was very helpful in providing suggestions on what to order. Definitely recommend this place if you ever pass by one.
Wow, . Eat one of the tastiest sandwiches I've ever had on that price level. The average sandwich which is huge costs between seven dollars and $10.  You walk in and there is a very very large board on the wall of every type of sandwich you can think of even vegetarian. If you don't see anything you want, they can make you what you want. The service staff are friendly and helpful and actually funny. The restaurant is clean and attractive and definitely for groups and families. But here's the deal the sandwiches are delicious the bread they use is different and they're very filling.  Ikes is located on the east side Alma School, south of Southern, across from Fiesta Mall. You will not be disappointed.
Really good choice for Gluten Ftee.  DELICIOUS bread.  Lots of choices for fixins.  Just as delicious as when we visited Ikes in San Francisco.
I came in based on the 5 star reviews. .. waiting for my sandwich now.. I have little doubt it will be great. BUT... it is 1:30 , after the lunch rush.. 2 other people eating here right now. The big bummer is that every empty table is dirty. I am currently sitting at a table with someone else's crumbs and lettuce... The best choice table. Just got my sandwich.. it looks great!



Ok finished my sandwich.. Def 5 star worthy. No one did any table cleaning while I ate there for 10 or 15 minutes :(  Other customers had to sit at dirtier tables than mine as they came in.



Come on guys ... gotta keep the tables, floors, soda area all clean too. I'll have to give you the benefit of the doubt on the restrooms since I did not use them.

Will Def be back for the sandwiches. Maybe upgrade my review if the place is tidy.

I grew up in the restaurant business... cleanliness is a big factor.
Very rarely do I give out 5 stars. Today is that day. I already have a favorite sandwich place that I eat at in Vegas and none has topped it in the many years that I have frequented that place. Today is the day that the crown is placed on another. There were so many different delicious sounding sandwiches to choose from that I kept ordering then changing my mind  and choosing a different one. I wish I had 5 extra stomaches. I finally decided to order the Adam Richman sandwich because we follow him on Man Vs Food. Let me tell you , the moment I but into it, rockets flared, music played and a beautiful butterfly metamorphosized. It was like I was eating the equivalent of Beyonc mixed with Angelina Jolie's "talents". Today the food gods  shined upon me and I smiled back as I took another bite into what life is about....ECSTASY
I was so excited when I found out Ike's has an Arizona location and it's only a few miles down the street from my house. I am Gluten Intolerant and this is the best sandwich shop hands down in the valley.... that I can eat at. They even ask what your gluten sensitivity level is and make adjustments in the kitchen specifically for you. 

Bomb sandwiches, get one.
If u want to experience a sub shop built in heaven you must come here and arrive hungry menu is so large they can't fit it on the wall,  over 400 sandwiches so u will have to devote a full year of your life to experience it, 

Ordered
201 Adam Richmond - the avocado in the sandwich made it really good
444 bear hug - the jalenopenos made the sandwich

I got 398 more subs to try I'm coming back
So so so good!!

Yes, happiness IS edible at Ike's!!
Whaaaaaaat this place is amazing! We drove by several times wondering what it was, and after seeing the Yelp reviews decided to try it out. We split the vegetarian meatball sub and it was CRAZY. It tasted better than any other real meatball sub I've had. Everyone was very helpful and nice. Just plan on spending some time looking at the menu because there a lot of choices. Excited to go back!
I tried the tony soprano sub which of coarse is there Italian.  It is one of the best I've had in town.   Great job Ike's!!
Great sandwiches and great people! The staff is really nice and helpful. The sandwiches are around 10 bucks which is a little pricey but worth it ! It's super tasty and a good chill atmosphere .
Yo straight up shits a dime boi, tastes great, atmosphere is great, and they got bathrooms son. Don't be afraid to try something new and don't complain about the price. The Sammie's are large enough that Steven Tyler can't even swallow it in one go... Validation that this place can't be beat.
Super bomb sandwichs. Great selection. Get the Shawn Michaels add Thunderbird sauce, it's not on the menu but trust me on this. Thank me later.
Absolutely the longest I've ever waited for a sandwich.  Not worth it. Skip this place. Its seriously like they start planting the grain when you order the bread.
Ahhhhhhhhhmazing! Headed to the fams for Easter and thought hmmmm a sandwich sounds good. Thanks to yelp we found Ike's !!!! Their signature bread is so delicious as is their special sauce. Tried a roast beef salami one and the deep fried chicken with their BBQ honey sauce. Please start one in Washington. Also the workers were so happy and helpful! Can't wait to come back to Mesa!
Sandwiches are messy deliciousness. They have a happy hour special everyday from 4-7 when you eat in store, get a free bag I chips & drink. They have about 45 sandwich options, most are Halal chicken, steak or veggie. Four bread choices and several additional add ins available. Everyone in store is super friendly and ready to recommend their fav sandwich. My favorite so far is the Mozzarella's Big Cheese. It's chicken, honey, honey mustard, havarta, & provolone cheese.
The onion rings are the only downside I've tried so far. Kinda limp and soggy, I guess their made more to go in the sandwiches rather then as a side.
Obviously a huge menu with alot of choices, but probably not enough of the turkey variety. I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ordered, but they are all served hot. Mine had turkey, homemade poppy seed coleslaw, provolone and french dressing. It also had that garlic aioli which is present on every sandwich, but mine did not need that overload. You got the french dressing mostly and then a late garlic after taste. They need to clean the tables off better and put salt and pepper shakers on the table, but otherwise a pretty huge sandwich for about 9 bucks. Chips are extra and there is no combo available. They must have an exclusive contract with Dirty Chips because those are the only ones available.
The best Sandwich(es) ever..... . This is a rare Vegetarian's Paradise as well. After settling for lettuce, spinach, bell peppers and tomatoes on a roll with deli mustard or a not so nice tasting "veggie burger" countless times in this century- here comes Ike's to save the day and keep Veggie and Vegan hope alive, well and coming back for more. At the grand opening party on Friday 4/18, their amazing employee Rachel asked for my preference and had the #61 called the " Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian" specially prepared for me. First bite and I was hooked: Grilled Mushrooms,Marinated Arichoke Hearts, Pesto and Provolone on their delicious Dutch Crunch Bread. I have been back 4 times since and also ordered  #73, the " Lynda Carter" with Breaded Eggplant, French Dressing, Avocado and Gouda on that very same Dutch Crunch bread - wow! just crazy good. Next on my list is #70 " Meatless Mike" and my fantastic journey through the100 different veggie sandwiches. Love the awesome, fresh and hot sandwiches, love the atmosphere and vibe and especially love the energy and attitude of all of their employees. Customer for life here who is bringing 12 of his dear friends to this gem this weekend. Thanks Ike
I tried Ike's for the first time today and they got my order wrong. I figured, it happens, right? We all have THOSE days. So I called figuring they'd give me a credit or something. NO! They drove a fresh sandwich to me! The sandwich was supersonic delicious and it was one of the BEST customer service experiences I've ever had in my life! Thank you Tucker, Gregory and the rest of the gang at the Mesa, AZ location. You ROCK! I'll be back and I'll bring friends! :)
Wow!  That is all that came to my mind when I saw that Ike's had finally came to AZ!  Like a lot of reviews here I've been to the original Ike's in the Castro in SF many times.  I travel to SF several times a year and always make a point to visit Ike's.  I truly think that it is the best sandwich I've ever had.  

So big question...was this Ike's as good as the one in San Francisco??  Well, I'm glad to report that it is!  Man I'm so happy.

I was with a buddy of mine and we ended up ordering the Kryptonite,  This sandwich is no joke.  It's $26 but for two sandwiches.  I knew how big Ike's sandwiches are and I knew that I wouldn't probably even make it through one.  

The Kryptonite had everything in it.  Cheese sticks, onion rings, pesto, turkey, roast beef, ham, pastrami, bacon, stuffed jalapenos.  I mean just about everything!  It was amazing, and yes I had it on the Dutch crunch roll.

There are so many sandwiches to choose from at Ike's.  All of the favorites are there and they even offer vegan sandwiches too.  I doubt that I will get close to even trying half of the sandwiches, but I have my favorite.  The 98. Jaymee Sirewich is probably my personal favorite, but when I go back Im going to try something different.  

The best thing about Ike's here in Mesa is tables to sit and eat your sandwich!  If you have ever been to the original location you would appreciate how good that is!  Also, they are opening a location on Mill ave in Tempe!  I hope they end up expanding to all sides of the valley, especially the NW valley!

Lastly, we ordered during happy hour.  No booze here, but we did get a free chips and drink if you ordered it to eat at the restaurant.  It's every day from 4-7 so check it out!!!!

Do yourself a favor, go try Ike's.  Just be warned that it just takes one time and you will be hooked!!
This place is great for vegetarians/vegans - lots of tasty options.  I had the Lynda Carter - it was this amazing eggplant creation!  The sandwich is enormous - I could only eat half - but I was dying to gobble the whole thing.  Great staff, clean and bright restaurant, good menu, love it!   I WANT ONE IN DALLAS/FT WORTH - YOU HEAR ME IKE?
I truly could eat here every freaking day! No joke. 

It's about a 45 min drive each way for me but I would drive that way multiple times a day if it meant I could get another sandwich!  This place is truly amazing & I've already been there 2 times this week.

Visiting the first time I was really overwhelmed with all of the choices but the guy behind the counter kinda walked us through everything & helped us pick the perfect sandwich.  The workers talked to us like we were old friends.  I ordered The Change which was sliced ribeye, BBQ sauce, onion rings & gouda cheese.  I can honestly say it was one of the most amazing sandwiches I've ever had.  Ever.  They are pretty pricy but worth every penny. LOVE all the different choices they have, you can go the healthy route or you can just go crazy (like I did) & even add mozzarella cheese sticks to a sandwich!  

PLEASE OPEN ONE CLOSER TO ME! :(
Three of us from work went to Ikes today for lunch.   It was the first time there for all of us.  The number of sandwiches is overwhelming.  I had the Lynda Carter which is breaded eggplant,  avocado,  gouda and French dressing.  It was delicious.  My co-workers also loved their sandwiches.  The staff is very helpful and friendly and it is a fun place to eat.  Will definitely be back.  Yum!
5 stars because it is the only sandwich shop worth revisiting. All the other major chain sandwich shops are the same, nothing special. I can make those sandwiches in my own kitchen (probably better ones). Not Ike's though, his sandwiches are one of a kind.

This location is relatively new and the service was a liiiiitle slow but the food was worth the wait! I ordered the bbq roast beef sandwich and it was oh so good. Generous portion of meat, appropriate portions of all the toppings and the secret sauce mixed with bbq sauce? yes please!!
Awesome place!!  Just went for the first time and I was amazed by all if the choices especially being a vegan!  Bread was fan-freakin-tastic.  I don't feel it was too expensive but we did come during happy hour so we got free chips and drink... What?!  Soo good!!  I got the vegan pee wee and it was Delish! Hubs got the pilgrim and he dia and I quote "probably the best sandwich I ever ate".  And he is NOT easily impressed by a long shot so this says a lot!  Daughter got the Vegan Meatless Mike and loved it.    Thanks for giving the vegans all these options!!!!!  Will be back!!  Namaste
Vegetarian paradise! So many choices. So delicious! I love this place and will certainly return. It's a new favorite :)
Yumalisciousness! I'm not even a big sandwich person, but Ike's definitely has my love. The Dutch Crunch bread is the bomb and the dirty sauce is just garlicky goodness! Staff is fun and friendly and the menu offers one-of-a-kind exciting combinations! All sandwiches are hot and made to order and customized to your level of awesomeness. This place is always packed at lunch time so plan accordingly.
Believe the hype. Flat out fantastic sandwiches available at Ike's Love & Sandwiches. While not every single sandwich is as stellar as some reviewers would have you believe, even their average eats are better than most other chain sandwich shops.  Unfortunately, there is only 1 location in Arizona and it is way out in Mesa! We can't wait for their new location opening in Downtown Tempe at the Brickyard on Mill - Fall of 2014!  The only bad thing about these sandwiches?... They end!
Sandwich shops, everybody enjoys a good sandwich every once in a while.  Other than Subway and maybe Quiznos, you can find even better places out there.

So when I was on my Yelping marathon, I came across this place.  Another 5 star average restaurant, which means it should be tried sooner or later.  I checked out the website and the menu.  The menu was really big for a sandwich shop, and I couldn't wait to try it.

So my brother and I went today to go check it out.  First thing I've noticed walking in was the huge menu on the left side of the building. All the sandwiches have very clever names and each sounded mighty delicious (Especially Kryptonite, maybe some other day though).

The staff were really friendly and with it being out first time, they gave us suggestions.  So we've both ended up getting the Matt Cain sandwich with that Dutch Crunch bread? The sauce (Godfather sauce) was very freakin tasty and the bread had the right crunch.  The meat/veggie ratio wasn't too bad either.  Overall a very delicious and tasty sandwich.

Only one problem, was the size of the sub.  It's not tiny, but just a little bit bigger would of been perfect.  So I really recommend eating here (or Cheba Hut) if you crave a tasty sandwich.  Forget about Subway.. for reals
Yum yum yum yum. Holy crap. Yum. Amazing choices! I had something with thin sliced rib eye, provolone, steak sauce, onion rings, and their crazy good garlic aioli. The menu is epic. The dude who took my order was friendly and fun. Dutch crunch bread to die for. Sandwiches were gigantic! I'm hooked.
I can't tell you how excited I am to have an Ike's in AZ! As a San Francisco native I crave good quality sandwiches on our famous Dutch Crunch bread. 

My husband and I ventured in today for the ultimate sandwich experience and Ike's, as usual did not disappoint. My hubster had the Barry B Turkey, Bacon, Swiss with dirty sauce on Dutch Crunch and I had my usual the Tony Soprano with turkey, salami, ham and provolone with Italian dressing and dirty sauce on Dutch Crunch. 
I've always loved how Ike's serves their sandwiches warm, do not confuse this with other sandwich shops version's of toasted. Ike's lightly warms their bread allowing the ingredients of the sandwich to come together! 

We will be back, and often. Thank you Ike's for showing AZ how a sandwich should be!!
"Best sandwich I've ever had in my life!"  Those were the words of my wonderful fianc.  I have to say, I echo those EXACT same sentiments.  Ike's lived up to it's reputation, and the hype!  GIANT sandwiches!!!  Super friendly service, could not have been more welcoming and accommodating.  Go to Ike's, in fact go right now!  You will not be disappointed!!
Just happened to be driving down the street and saw the goofy advertising of the Mr. Ike dude with his fancy smile and hairdo. Thought I was looking at an old TV commercial of Mr. Clean as a kid. Definitely got my attention and did a quick bookmark for this place.

I'm going to start right off with the fact that these guys make some really good sandwiches. They even make a great Gluten Free version for those who are on a special diet. This is a big reason for me rounding up and going Ape Woohoo on this here review.

Inside is charming with a simple pick what you want and we will make it to your specifications. They have a gigantic menu with a large majority of the sandwiches named after famous celebrities or TV characters. You can even order by number to keep things real.

Service is friendly and very helpful when it comes time to making your selection. On my first visit I felt overwhelmed by the menu and was ask a few question to narrow down my choices. Nice!

Ordered the Adam Richman on Dutch Crumble Bread for my first experience. That Man vs Food fool is crazy. The sandwich was delicious and came with Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Real Honey and Swiss. Next visit tried out the Pat Tillman which is Beer Battered Mozzarella Sticks, Mushrooms and Roast Beef.

My co-worker went with the Gluten Free version of the Spiffy Tiffy. It comes with Avocado, Halal Chicken, Mushrooms, Pepper Jack, Pesto, and Provolone. She said it was spectacular and the first sandwich she has been able to eat in a long time. Regular bread makes her feel poorly and she could not stop talking about how good it tasted.

They also have some crazy BIG sandwiches like the Kryptonite. That one comes with Avocado, Bacon, Beer Battered Onion Rings, EXTRA Pepper Jack, Ham, Mozzarella Sticks, Pastrami, Pesto, Roast Beef, Salami, Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers and Turkey.

Too many choices to list them all. Check out their website and give them a visit. The prices are a little higher than your typical sandwich places but well worth it. You will definitely notice the difference in the higher quality of ingredients as well as the freshness of the product. SHOW ME THE LOVE!

5 STARS
I used to go to Ike's all the time back in California, definitely a top pick and I recommend it to everyone. This location does not disappoint. Same great quality and menu, staff is very friendly and upbeat, service is fast. If you want an awesome sandwich, this is the place to go.
Sandwich perfection! Enjoy a little slice of San Francisco at Ike's. With so many options, chances are you'll be able to find something pleasing to your palate.

The first time I came here, I browsed through the vegetarian menu before the employee recommended his favorite, the Captain Kirk (An item from their San Francisco menu, but they will make any SF item for you that they don't have in the Mesa menu). It was heavenly. The bread was the right amount of chewiness and crispness, paired with the perfectly crispy breaded faux chicken, cool avocado, orange glaze, and lightly spicy pepper jack cheese. The crispy lettuce and tomato that came with it also added some texture and temperature difference to complete the loveliness of the sandwich. 

While other sandwiches I've had here have been good (The Pilgrim, Handsome Owl), the Captain Kirk is still the best one I've had. That isn't saying too much though, since there are quite a few other menu items to go through before I proclaim one sandwich my #1 pick!

Service has always been cheerful and friendly, and with a new location opening up in Tempe soon, it will be tempting to go there all the time for my sandwich fix!
So good.  I was craving a true deli sandwich this past weekend for my cheat day and had to try Ikes considering I'm from San Francisco.  My dad and I tried the sf cheesesteak on yummy sourdough and the Matt Cain on the Infamous dutch crunch.  Mmmm. Whatever that sauce is it's bomb. My dad says there's less meat on the sandwich compared to the original Delis in the bay area but they're still delicious.  Way better than typical chains around the valley. Pricey but worth it in my opinion.
Been pretty busy lately so when a friend hit me up to go for sandwiches I took the 10 min drive from Tempe to Ike's in Mesa

A sandwich shop with NorCal Dutch Crunch - OH BABY 
Sandwiches are pretty pricey but just having that elusive Dutch Crunch bread makes this sandwich worth it. Having the option to create anything you want here is an added plus. I don't remember what I ordered but it came with mozzarella sticks and roast beef and I was pleased.

Sorta sad after talking with the staff that they were supposed to have a location on Mill but it fell through :'( I guess the fine people of Mesa can enjoy this sandwich shop while we settle for the like's of Jimmy John's

Now I can finally say my favorite line from Super Smash Brother's Brawl ~ We Like Ike ('s)

*Edit looks like they are having a location on Mill after all~ Yay!
I've heard about Ike's and my family from SF raved about it. Yeah..they hyped it up too much for me. The crunch bread thing was good. It wasn't to die for or worth swearing by. There are a lot of sandwiches to choose from on their menu and online. It's cool they will make a sandwich from any other Ike's store in country.

This would have received 3 stars but they gave us a lot of samples of their sandiwches, so here is another for giving me more food... (yeah, i am easily pleased)
Fantastic sandwiches, especially if you go with the legendary Dutch Crunch bread. They also have authentic SF sourdough which is very good. Sandwiches are huge, though quite pricey. Service can be a bit slow if there's anyone in line ahead of you. Be aware that all sandwiches are hot "unless otherwise noted". Found out the hard way when ordering a ham & swiss by phone that I wanted cold - wasn't asked which way I wanted it, so hot it was. Also had more stuff on it than I asked for. Still quite tasty though.
Stopped in here based on nearby restaurants on my yelp app. The 5 stars is no lie, the service we recieved from the cashier was beyond expectations for a sandwich shop. This guy knew everything about every sandwich and was extremely helpful! As if the menu posted in the wall isn't enough there are 400 options online.  WTH. No idea how the can keep all that straight but anyway the sandwiches are really good! We ordeted a meatball sub (Michael Jordan) a pat Tillman and a bear hug. I could only eat half cuz my sub was sooo big. New favorite spot! Ps.. hapoy hour from 4-7 dine in free drink and chips with your sub.
This place is really good, like, really good. So I've been here about 3 times now, each trying a different sandwich to see if they can keep a consistent "good" with me. They do not disappoint.

When you first walk in, odds are you are going to be greeted with 90's or early 2000's music, which gives it a nice vibe. On the walls is the menu, which doesn't even have every sandwich they can make which you can find online, just tell them the sandwich and they can probably make it. The nice thing about this place is that they have multiple types of bread to choose from. They also have their special "Dutch Crunch" that I highly recommend.

The first sandwich I tried was the "Adam Richman". The second sandwich I tried was the "Nacho Boy" and the third sandwich I tried was the "Kryptonite". The main thing these three sandwiches have in common is that all the ingredients work well together, everything blended perfectly!
The Adam Richman had Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Swiss, and Honey. Yes, Honey. The honey worked amazingly with the sandwich, adding a nice sweet tinge to a normally salty sandwich, making the salty sweet combo work well.
The Nacho Boy had Avocado, Mushrooms, Roast Beef, and Swiss. This one was a little more basic, however the simplicity worked well and the creaminess of the avocado made this sandwich a lot more savory.
Finally, however not last, is the Kryptonite. This sandwich was really big. A $26 sandwich containing practically all of their meats and toppings and appetizers jam packed into a sandwich. It was so big they had to give me two full sandwiches stuffed with the stuff. Normally, jamming everything into one sandwich doesn't spell success, but this place did it well. Everything down to the sauce worked together to make something delicious. I'll probably get another one pretty soon!

Try this place out, you won't regret it.
My friend eats here like almost everyday. Got me to eat some sandwiches here too and I gotta say, it's delicious. I think a lot of people think it's delicious too since this place has a 5 STAR rating. haha.

When I was there last time, there were about 20-30 people waiting in line to order sandwiches. And they were willing to wait too. I don't know but the flavor, sauce and texture of the sandwiches are just so GOOD. The sandwiches are huge too! It's probably going to cost you a little more than sandwiches from Subway, PotBelly, Capriotti's, etc.

There's a whole lot of different sandwiches you can order (even vegetarian and gluten free) written on the chalkboard but make sure you get the Dutch Crunch bread. It's really good with a certain crunch to it. I guess you can visit their website for every item on the menu. Oh they give you a caramel apple lollipop too with your sandwich to cleanse your palette. :)

Usually, if you come during non-rush hour times, you don't have to wait in line!
Get ready to go to sandwich heaven. It doesn't bother me at all to say that The best sandwich I've ever eaten in my 29 years was at Ike's. With endless combinations, pre recommended Sammie's, and veggie sandwiches you're sure to find something you'll love. The Dutch crunch bread was outstanding, it almost makes the sandwich. I would highly recommend this to any veteran sandwich connoisseur or anybody just looking for good eats, you will not be disappointed.
Someone just brought in a tray of sandwiches from ike's and I'm in love! The bread looked heavenly but I skipped the bread and ate the insides of what I believe were the "sometimes I'm a vegetarian" & "Reggie Jackson" & I'm definitely adding this spot to my regular lunch list!
Been here twice. The sandwiches are nice. Dutch Crunch is my new vice. You get a lot for a decent price.
Oh Ike, 

Can't believe I just found that place.

Seriously, just fell in love!

Boyfriend and I went during happy hour, 4-7 everyday. Includes free chips and drink with sandwich order. Probably won't go at any other time, the deal makes it that much better. 

The lady at the register helped break down the menu for us, I decided on the 111 mnage a trois. Love, love, love! Definitely a must try if you like a sweet kick to your sandwiches!  

The boyfriend got the bear hug.  That sandwich is seriously genius. The jalapeo poppers inside are so delicious. 

Can't wait to go back and try the different options! 

I probably won't be stepping inside of a subway ever again!
After reading the reviews online and gasp- seeing good vegan sandwiches- I knew I had to check this place out. They make it super convenient for you to order online or by phone. I tried the "Sometimes I'm a Vegan" gluten-free sandwich. DELICIOUS. Can't wait to go back. I'm going to try and make this a once-a-week thing. I definitely recommend it. Very laid-back atmosphere and friendly, accommodating staff. Plenty of options for everyone too. Highly recommend!
The best sandwich shop I have ever been to! I look forward to coming to Mesa not because of the weather or the joy of the satellite office, but because of Ike's. I've tried the Thanksgiving, the Menage a Trois and the Spiffy Tiffy or something. Everything has been straight up delicious but the Menage a Trois definitely takes the cake. As if the sandwiches weren't good enough, the staff is SO friendly and they play 90s and early 00s tracks for a nostalgic trip down memory lane. WIN. WIN. WIN.
Best sandwhich place I have been to in a long time!! Everything is always fresh and their menu is unbeatable. The best part is they have vegetarian sandwhich options. I suggest the Jessica rabbit sandwhich and the meatless mike. Tried a new pesto sandwhich today!!
Decided to visit this place because my wife and I heard it practically had a cult following. 

With a 5 star average review it has to be good. I ended up getting the Tony Soprano and my wife grabbed the Bella. First off the online photos do not due justice to the size of this sandwich. It may be 8 inches but it's practically 4 inches across. We both could have done with sharing one sandwich. They both were delicious. 

We also had their fries of which we were much less impressed. There wasn't really any seasoning...healthy though since they're baked. 

Well definitely visit again but recommend skipping the fries.
I went right after the lunch rush. The staff was friendly and helped me with my order. 

I had the Shawn Michaels and it was probably the best sandwich I've had in years. It was a combination of steak, bacon, and mozzarella sticks on sourdough bread. I inhaled my sandwich, it was that good.

I spoke to Chase, one of the managers, for a few minutes and I told him how impressed I was with the food and service. 

If you're in the Phoenix area for a vacation or you're a local, make sure you schedule a stop here.
This place lives up the hype!  VERY tasty sandwiches - I've only tried the Bella so far but it was awesome. Definitely a lot of food, and I'll probably skip the chips next time.  The staff were really cool and friendly.  I'll definitely go back and try some of the other sandwiches!
This place does have a huge variety of subs. I had # 1 & it was tasty. But subs are way too pricey. For a sandwich around $10 you still have to buy chips & drinks, & it doesn't even come with a piece of pickle.  Onion rings we ordered were not the best either.
The absolute BEST sandwiches that money can buy! Make sure you get Dutch Crunch bread. I'm a fan of the Tony Soprano but I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. The root beer is pretty good too...
Got the Adam Richman on Sourdough, it was so good! I could'nt even finish the whole thing it is so big. My hubby got the Shawn Michael with jalapeo poppers and he enjoyed that, but said he liked mine more. The staff is extremely polite here and very enthusiastic....and we got to jam to music we grew up on in the 90s early 00s. 
Overall we will be back!
I  got to know that this sandwich shop originally hailed from SF - and the only location so far is out in Mesa.

Have to say - the size of these sandwiches were monstrous! Putting two halves together is a size I can't fathom! $10 for a sandwich that big - seriously?!?! Awesome deal I think.

The sandwich itself? Quite good! The sandwich bread was "Dutch" so quite crunchy but tasty at the same time. Vegetarians - there is a whole section devoted for us on the menu!! 

The bear hug was supposed to have vegan breaded chicken as the patty but since they were out of stock, ended up getting vegan turkey. I didn't really mind if it was chicken or turkey because at the end the soy products end up tasting the same. Have nothing to compare it to!

None the less, the sandwich was delicious and I loved the touch of stuffed jalapeo poppers in the bear hug sandwich! Wow!

To finish every sandwich meal, they throw in a caramel apple lollipop - sweet end to a large meal!
Super friendly staff, good atmosphere and a good change from the other places around here. The sandwich was really fu@$#ng good. I am going to try them all.
There is a reason why this sandwich place has 5 stars. There are a ton of original sandwich creations to save you from submarine boredom. The bread is "par" baked (as in partially) and then finished baking to order so it comes out fresh and fabulous. There are a ton of vegetarian and vegan options if that floats your boat, and their website makes it easy to find them with their search filter. The staff was almost frighteningly friendly--not as intrusive as Dutch bros, but still oddly happy to see you, and chomping at the bit to walk you through the menu. During "happy hour" kettle chips and a drink are free if you eat in...it's not alcohol but it's a nice perk. It may come on the cheap to them because they have their own brand of soda pop instead of being slaves to Coca-Cola or appearing cheap with Pepsi, but their brand was sufficient to my taste buds. Don't feed the subway monster, check out Ike's--they really do love their sandwiches!
I really can't add more than what others have said. My daugher suggested this place and swore it was great- and it was! Super delicious! I had a Kevin Bacon (BLT and pepper jack cheese) I added jalapenos and it was Wonderful!  I wasn't crazy about their fried zucchini- but everyone else liked it, so it must be me and I don't want to knock them on my taste preferences. We also got a drink and chips included in happy hour. Are they a little bit more for a sandwhich? Maybe a little but we would spend the same amount at Firehouse with chips and drinks, so its not outrageous. I would suggest going to the website first to browse the menu- there are a ton of sandwhiches and it could take awhile to decide.
We tried Ike's for the first time yesterday. The menu is kind of overwhelming for first-time visitors, but once we looked it over, we were able to find something we liked. I had the Bear Hug on Dutch Crunch bread. 

I liked the "Happy Hour" special where you get free chips and a drink from 4-7.

It's kind of hidden in a shopping center near Fiesta Mall, where some of the businesses have closed. We'll definitely go back if we're in the area.
I live in Tucson, but every time I come to Phoenix I make sure to eat at Ike's. The first thing I noticed during my first visit was how extraordinary the service as (and this isn't even a dine-in place). The guy behind the counter greeted us genuinely and everyone else working seemed happy to be there. After we put in our order, we ended up talking to the cashier for like 30 more minutes! Every interaction is genuine and enthusiastic, which is really something unique. 

And goodness...the sandwiches. I was so impressed with how many options there were for people of all different diets. Halal chicken, vegetarian, vegan, and plenty for meat lovers. The options are literally endless. The sandwiches are HUGE and make my heart happy. And to top it off, they give you free caramel apple lollipops! What an awesome little perk.

Overall, if you live in the Phoenix area you MUST try eating here.
Great sandwiches...make sure you get their dutch crunch bread because it's awesome. They lose a star because the three times I've been, it's been impossible to find a clean table. And they never responded to my request for nutrition info :(
I don't throw the following sentence out very often but when I do, I mean business so here it goes...I had the best sandwich I've ever eaten here. I am not exaggerating. So if you stop reading this review right this second, at least you know and now you can you get into the car, make your way to Mesa and try one for yourself. 

So on to the rest of the review. I've been lucky enough to have an Ike's sandwich in SF and couldn't believe my eyes when I found out they were moving to Arizona. Their location is a bit of a drive for me, but the sandwich truly makes it worth it. 

Here's how the experience works. This is a casual sandwich eatery where you can come in solo, order and take it to go, or dine in with a couple friends. Anything goes at Ike's. Now, when you walk in, you'll immediately be overwhelmed by a board listing off a variety of every sandwich combo imaginable and it's not your run of the mill sandwich combo. No way. It's a combo of everything good in life that's put in between two slices of bread and served either hot or cold, depending on your sandwich. I suggest looking at Yelp reviews, pictures and the menu before you arrive to avoid major menu anxiety like I experienced. Also, note that every sandwich has a hilariously funky name so you might get lost in translation just simply reading the names! 

Once you've made your sandwich selection, you'll order at the counter from one of the incredibly friendly staff and they are truly genuinely friendly! It was such a breath of fresh air to experience a sandwich at Ike's. The decor is just as fun and funky as the staff and sandwich choices and be sure to look on your napkin holder because it will tell you something pretty about you! 

Now on to the best part, the sandwich. I don't even know where to begin. First, they serve this special bread that typically can only be found in N. Cal and it's amazing. Cheese is baked into the bread. I tried the Bella which is their most popular and I'm not surprised. It's a combo of chicken that has been slow-cooked for several hours and then tossed in this delicious honey mustard. Then they top it with cheese, avocado and this special mayo spread. I suggest adding some hot sauce to it. It's served hot and it is large and in charge, so unless you're ready for a last supper meal you will probably have some left-overs or your might want to share. It's worth every single calorie consumed and then some. 

Now, although this is about a 15-20 minute drive from my house, I will absolutely be visiting on a regular basis and can't wait for them to open additional locations!

PS - if you get lost, it's across the street from the mall!
Wonderful place.  So many items to choose from.   Even their vegetarian menu is extensive.   Hundreds of different sandwiches.  Their Dutch crunch bread is the Bomb.  A go to place if you are in Mesa.  I'll be sure return.
Wow! The sandwiches at Ike's are amazing. When I heard about this place, I was intrigued. When I found out they had vegan cheese (hooray for the lactose intolerant crowd!), I was even more excited to try it. 

Walking in, it's a little overwhelming. The menu board has tons of options and that isn't all of the possibilities. 

The biggest complaint I hear about this place is the price. But the sandwiches are so delicious - you get what you pay for. Or go during Happy Hour. You get chips and a drink for free when you eat at the restaurant.

Honestly, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I cannot recommend this place enough. Got a food allergy? No problem. You're going to leave this place stuffed and happy.
This place is worth the drive if you're not that close to the Fiesta Mall area. Just had the Bear Hug and it was amazing. Jalepeno poppers on a sandwhich might sound weird but it just works the way they do it.. so good. Kind of a lot of bread but the sourdough is as good as any I've had. The whole sandwhich is huge, could prob split with somone. I'll definitely be going back, and I've already FB'd it. :)
I always love a place where the employees look like they're having a good time, and Ike's had it! Rachel was the best - not only really enthusiastic and attentive, but also a lot of fun.

We got the Bear Hug and the Spiffy Tiffy . Both were fantastic and the dutch crumble bread tasted like a buttery biscuit. All the ingredients tasted fresh and high-quality, especially the pesto. Large portions, though, so we got a dinner out of it, too.

A little pricey, but definitely worth it, especially because we happened to get there during happy hour (4pm-7pm, I think) so we got a free drink and chips. They also give a caramel apple pop with the sandwich.

Can't wait for the new location opening soon on Mill Ave!
Having read many great reviews, my wife and I were excited to try Ike's but we were seriously disappointed. The sandwiches, a Matt Cain and a Meatless Mike, were just OK. And,  the price was simply too high for what you get.  Two sandwiches, a side of Jalepeno poppers and one drink was $25. Setting cost aside, the sauces overwhelmed the rest of the sandwich. The bread is better than average, however, not stellar. While we would not say this is a place to avoid, many seem to like it, we would not put Ike's on our recommended list.  The local grown Sacks Art of Sandwicherie would have to be our pick to click in the greater Phoenix area.
These sandwiches are pure genius. I have never seen so many unique combinations between two pieces of bread. I have always wanted to try Ike's place, since I heard so much about it from SF people, that when they opened up only 2 miles from my house, the expectations were set so high. I ordered off the menu from a SF staple, If I were Cute, which has chicken, pesto, bacon, cheddar, and mozz sticks! Of course on dutch crunch with dirty sauce. It was pure heaven. I haven't tried any of their other sandwiches because the continued orgasm from this sandwich still get me. Maybe I'll venture out in the future but for now I have found my love. The staff is beyond awesome. Everyone has a super chipper, positive attitude that you can't just help but let it rub off on you. Now all they need to do is open one in the Chicagoland area!
I love Ike's! They prepare a whole new level of sandwich. My husband and I enjoy eating here. It is a  nice place, happy atmosphere, and friendly crew:-) My favorite is called the Bear Hug!
Checked this place out over the weekend. I had noticed it a few days ago and decided to check out a menu online and I was amazed at all of their vegan options. I went in without a clue in the world on what to eat. The staff was extremely helpful and patient with my inability to make up my mind on which sandwich I wanted. I got the vegan meatball sandwich and it was delicious! They were out of Daiya cheese but the sandwich was great without it! I have to say I am blown away by how great the customer service was. This place is AWESOME! I really hope that this place sticks around because almost everything around them has closed down. Great food, great service!
The variety of sandwiches here will spin your head, but over the course of several meals I have discovered you can't really go wrong with any of them. Fresh ingredients and thoughtful combinations create some amazing flavor profiles.  Anything with their mayo based dirty sauce and dutch crunch bread is a dinner in my books. The sandwiches are pricier than you have come to expect from places like jimmy johns, but they are massive portions worth every penny. Highly recommended.
Nicely decorated and staff so friendly. Food very tasty! Great neighborhood location for the Islands neighbors. The bocce ball court is an added bonus that will be enjoyed by our friends for a long time.
More of a 3 1/2 but I'm feeling generous since they just opened.  This is another location of My Wine Cellar and the says MWC so don't let it confuse you.  Same
place.  We went Saturday and enjoyed ourselves.  Ordered lettuce wraps with meatballs, Mac n Cheese, and we tried various wines by the glass.  I would say that the meatballs didn't taste homemade and several of us thought the same.  The server did a good job and was attentive.  We have friends that live around the corner and used to go to Wines Down Under often so they will be here all the time.  Good little place but I like Vintage, Postino Arcadia, Terrior, and other places a bit better.  Go check it out.
Glad to have an unpretentious and moderately upscale wine bar in our neighborhood. The food is far better than the last place and the decor is aesthetic. The mac and cheese was delic and the buffalo bites were a great compliment. None of these dishes came from a plastic bag or freezer. Made to order and Anne was a delightful server. This is going to be a great neighborhood spot and we will come here often. Oh, live music, acoustic was going on... pretty mellow and served as soft  background music..Good vibes.
Awesome wine bar with a cool laid back vibe. They have a unique wine selection and the food is all freshly made- even their deserts! We ate some homemade chocolate peanut butter truffles that were delicious.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the live music. I will definitely be coming back!
Here for our monthly book club last week. The service was good, and they have a good choice of brews for the non-wine drinker (like me). I ordered their bruschetta plate, and all choices were delicious. One of my friends had a problem though, she ordered a burger medium-well (with no pink in it), and it was served to her pretty raw. They were quick to apologize and send it back, however when she received it again it was still raw inside. The server explained they put the same burger back in to cook it more, so that was interesting because it didn't look any less pink inside. This time the cook came out to apologize and ask if she wanted a completely new burger. My friend ordered something else. I think they waived the bill, but I'm not sure. 

Other than that, the prices were reasonable, service was attentive. I don't know if my friend would go back, but I would.
Decent experience here with good food.   I had a good burger and fries but my girlfriend had some bad mussels that made her sick. She sent them back after having a few,  but they were fishy and over cooked. 

They substituted the mussels no problems and quickly made some great meat balls instead.   

Bottom line:  don't get the mussels but other parts off the menu and venue are great.
I've been here several times since they opened a little over a month ago and have enjoyed each time. It's beautifully decorated, very comfortable, and a relaxing atmosphere. They have a tremendous wine list (something for everyone in every price range), delicious food and a friendly, knowledgeable staff ready to serve. I've enjoyed several different menu items and have liked them all. They always have different entree, appetizer and a dessert specials, so be sure to check the board. This neighborhood wine bar will definitely be one of my regular go-to places from now on.
came for the band, Notes from Neptune, and stayed for the wine, food, service and atmosphere! 2 thumbs up!
Nice spot. Really great atmosphere. Have some great specials on bottles of wine. We sampled several appetizers on our first visit, portions were a bit smaller than expected for the price; but good flavor. Plan on trying an entree next time.
Monday's are flight night ($10) with 80s music, feel free to dress 80s style!

I love what the owners have done with the space, it's romantic if you want it to be and great for groups with a separate space if you need it.

The servers are fun and friendly,  they know their wine.  The food is fantastic and it's great that they have gluten free options available.

Live music on the weekends, feel free to dance if the mood strikes you.

Highly recommend MWC Bistro
Great food, great staff, great atmosphere- the space has been completely redone. Marlene and staff were so friendly and welcoming. Ordered the bruschetta, pork balls, fries. Everything was delicious. Lots of specials everyday of the week! Live music every Friday and Saturday.
I went with a few friends on a Friday night. Anne was our server. She was very polite but seemed very nervous. She didn't know the wine list very well and all the items on the menu that said ask your server she didn't tell us about until we asked. I felt that was something she should have been up front about. Every one in our group ordered something different so we could all share and have the whole experience of this fun little new bistro. First we ordered 3 appetizers,  we got a cheese board which was very tasty, the homemade french fries were excellent and the fried calamari was also very nice. As our courses we ordered the bistro burger which was cooked to perfection, the shrimp pasta which came late but was worth it, the hanger steak which melted in your mouth and the shark which was under cooked. And to end our evening we had the mimosa truffles which were light and chocolate, a perfect ending to our meal. Over all the restaurant was very quaint and gave me a feel of comfort with nice live music; a nice wine bar with excellent food. The staff including the Executive Chef, the owner Zoya and the rest of the chefs, particularly Shoshana were very kind and educated on their food and all came to our table to greet us and make sure we were satisfied. We all had a very good time and for only being open a short time I don't have too many complaints. This business is perfectly located for both middle class and upper class consumers, and I wish them the very best of success.
Great place to grab a nice glass of wine or a beer (good rotating drafts).  The food is awesome, I had the steak which was delicious.  The restaurant has a great rustic feel to it, nice setup and friendly staff.  I don't live in the area, but definitely plan to drop in next time I'm in town.
Taken 3 out of the 4 wine 201 courses which have been really informative and fun with a great mix of wines. Service has been spotty during classes but that isn't a deal breaker. The owner is incredibly knowledgable and fun explaining more about wine, growing climates/regions, cultural differences, and expanding my palette with what I thought I would like. I highly recommend the classes. Great deal on sample wines if you purchase during class. It's also been a great way to sample their meat and cheese menu too.
Went there for date night using a groupon good for a wine flight and bruschetta board for two.  Upon entering, we both felt the atmosphere was comfortable and welcoming.

With a handful of flights to chose from, my husband and I order the only two red flights on the menu, so we had six different wines to taste.  Most of the wines in the flight were mediocre.  Luckily I saved my cabernet for last, because that was the best one.  

The bruschetta board was very good.  We were able to select three different bruschetta and chose the caprese, spinach & feta, and brie & apple.  We were most excited to try the brie & apple.  While it was good, the other two were actually much more flavorful.  The size of the bruschetta were surprisingly tremendous.  Adding a salad with that, we both left feeling satisfied.

While the overall experience was nice, I don't know that I would return.  Being that it is a wine bar, I think my expectations superseded the quality of wine.
Wine Bar, Yes, but Great Wine ClassesToo!!!

This is my first attempt at a review...I am not usually inclined to pontificate on a restaurant ad nauseum, but I have attended two wine classes at this local wine bar, and I attend book club at the MWC location in Ahwatukee, so I feel like I have some  "history" with this place.

About the Wine Classes.  The Wine 101 Class, a series of 4 basic classes was a fine intro to wine, but, honestly, I learned a WHOLE BUNCH  more from the 4-class Wine 201 taught by the owner.  You get to try 4-5 wines at each class, paired with a small bite of something tasty from the kitchen -- no, you don't get a whole meal, so eat something first.  We did a Saturday class at 1 pm, so we showed up early & ordered lunch at the bar before class. The great thing about the class was that you got to try wines you would NEVER order on your own. 

Really, if you have any interest in learning more about wine, or even if you want to try some new wines -- take the Wine 201 class, you'll be glad you did!!!
I was so excited when something opened in this venue but am disappointed with what opened. Been in there a few times for wine only and it's alright but the atmosphere sucks way too stuffy or the musical selection blows. 

The night I actually ate there it took us 2 hours to get 2 appetizers and 1 burger (initially came out as a steak which we weren't even offered because of their mistake) then the remake of the burger happened twice because they over cooked it and the burger actually came out under cooked finally. The food itself is great, good concepts but definitely not worth the wait or the stuffy atmosphere. Just a thought to who runs the place it may be helpful to have more than 2 employees running the entire restaurant during Happy Hour. When we got our bill they had charged us for the steak and burger and apps, food we didn't even get or offered due to their mistake we're getting charged for. Slow down and ensure your customers aren't feeling the heat from the lack of servers.

Also something else I saw the owner do was swipe 2 chairs from a table that was occupied, but not using the chairs, when there were plenty of other tables that had chairs you could have taken them from. I thought it was rude to interrupt them and just take their chairs they had their purses on when you could have not disturbed them and grabbed them from other places, made no sense to me. If I had been approached about my chair I would have looked around and said really one of the other 40 chairs in the restaurant couldn't be used? Basic manager skills I think...
Great place for a glass or two of wine. Super friendly staff. I think they are just carving out their niche in Gilbert and hope they do well.
This is the second location for Nourish. The original location is in Scottsdale, but I've never been interested in going there due to the lackluster reviews and availability of other great restaurants in the area. However, when I found out they were opening across the street from my house, I was much more enthused. My husband was so excited that he can eat everything on the menu since it's all gluten-free and dairy-free. There's also plenty of vegetarian options for me.

My husband stopped by on opening night and got a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries for himself and a mock tuna salad sandwich with garlic hummus and veggies for me. Both sandwiches were served with gluten free sourdough which looked strangely pale gray but was absolutely delicious. The mock tuna was good enough to satisfy my tuna salad craving, something I've missed since becoming a vegetarian. The hummus was too gritty for my liking, but it definitely had great garlic flavor. I tried not to steal too many of my husband's sweet potato fries. They came with an awesome sweet dipping sauce. He reported that his chicken sandwich was good too.

It may not be the yummiest food nearby, but when it's convenient and fits our dietary needs, I am still confident we will be ordering from Nourish often.
Oh no no no. I was so excited for a gluten free dairy free restaurant for me and my son that can't have it.  For my family of 4, with my 2 kids sharing a dish bill was $55. Steak tasted like way over cooked ground beef, sweet potato fries were drenched in cinnamon and nothing else. Very strange, my kids were not fans. My boys hamburgers were way over cooked as well and overly salty. I had a teriyaki bowl which was lacking the veggies was mostly rice for $13 and got charged $3 to add chicken and there was literally 5 tiny pieces. I had such high hopes for this place. We will not go back. Ever.
The food was decent, and I love that everything is gluten free. However, a spaghetti squash dish with chicken for $18 should be much larger than what they're providing.
This is a great idea but they don't know how to execute it. I went with a friend and the only two in line. Our orders came out at separte times and had diferent numbers attached to them. The waitress walk around with our orders asking other tables if our food was theirs.  My friends order was wrong and had to be sent back. Meanwhile my food was cold by the time it got to me. The prices were also higher than expected. I could have bought a pound of grass fed beef for the price of my bunless 1/4 pound burger.
This place can accommodate just about any diet, gluten free, dairy free, vegan, paleo, etc. the menu is clearly coded as to which dishes have meet which diet criteria. They've only been open 6 weeks which might account from some of the snafus mentioned in earlier posts. My husband had the teriyaki bowl and added salmon and I had the quinoa bowl and added salmon. We also shared the sweet potato fries which we both loved, a green juice and lemon bars. We liked everything we tried. There was a list of proteins you could add to some of the dishes like salmon, chicken, eggs, cheese, nuts etc. Irs nice to have something like this out our way. They are having their grand opening next Saturday.
Ok I am pretty disappointed that they've taken away the restaurant feel that the original Nourish had, I don't understand this concept at all. At least the food is good.
The concept is there but the execution is poor.  I've been in a few times as it's convenient to where I work.  But from set up to service, the business model is pretty dismal.  What would be best served as the front entry way is blocked by tables and there is limited seating on the inside- total functional obsolescence. The inside space would have probably been better used to put in a few industrial juicers and utilized for prep space.  I've had a couple of juices made there a la carte and the first time the wait was way too long, (my Jack Lalanne works faster), and the next time the girl behind the counter told me she had to ask permission to make my juice because there were two...TWO...other customers in the whole place, who had just placed an order.  I told her not to worry about it and walked out.  

I just went over there to give them another try before solidifying my opinion, because every place has an off day, but this time the cook or manager had to get up from his laptop and get someone out of the back to ring me up.  He said he didn't know how to use the register.  The place was totally empty with 3 people working, and I had to wait to get rung up. The two employees "working" the register area were in the back gabbing it up.  Maybe just another off day? Dunno.  

In my opinion, if Nourish concentrated solely on being a juice and salad joint, kind of like Grab a Green in Scottsdale, or Inta Juice in Chandler, they'd probably be much busier- and if they got some visibility from the main roadway that would help too.  I'm afraid this place might not make it long, short of someone like Marcus from the Profit coming in to revamp things a little. It's a total bummer because Gilbert really needed a place like Nourish, what with all of the pub-food-type places around and nothing really healthy.  So I was disappointed to say the least.