I always love it when traveling out of town, and find a good restaurant which does the basics Fairly well.  Service wasn't too bad and I had the Alfredo with chicken.  What a surprise, the chicken was pretty good and the Alfredo wasn't bland like most places.  

Four stars given for the nice mist sprayer in the temperatures as hot as the surface of the sun and for meeting expectations for a weary out of town traveler.
It was 115 degrees out and this was the second restaurant we passed at lunchtime that had misters on their patio so we went in. Portions were gigantic and yet somehow we were able to finish off the ceasar salad and french dip. Service was snappy though a little plastic the way they all smiled the same at us. 

I'd say this place serves some decent grub but they can't make up their mind what kind of restaurant to be. The middle panel of the menu boasts middle eastern lavosh while the right panel advertises Italian and the left panel offers typical sandwiches with a quesadilla thrown in for a twist. It's definitely not a destination restaurant more the kind of place you need when it's scorching outside and you're dying of hunger and thirst...okay, it's not that bad, but why go unless you just happen to stumble into it on your way to someplace else and if that's the case, you wouldn't be reading this review.
It was freezing in PHX. OK, well for a bay area guy going to the desert it was cold! We were looking for a lunch place in old scottsdale and found this place. We were so happy. A cozy, friendly place with lovely, warm service. 
The food was good for what it is. They also do karaoke at night which we missed. We'll be back the next time for that.

If you happen to be there, definitely try it out!!!
Great Karaoke 7-days a week right in old-town Scottsdale. Thousands of songs available, and a great place to go with a group of intoxicated friends. This is my favorite karaoke place in town - It can be hit or miss (crowd wise) during the week, but I have had several memorable weeknights here.

Decent food on the patio upstairs, and another bar to get you ready to perform downstairs.

*Note: very, very, very busy on the weekends after 9pm! IF you want to sing a lot go during the week...
This email serves as a public apology to all Grape Vine Karaoke Regulars:

I apologoze that a bussload of 30 somethings gals came rolling into your bar and caused all sorts of drunken havoc on your night.  It was my bachelorette party and I just really wanted to sing.  I sang, I think and I have pictures of us all singing, just no real memory of the singing.  Anyhow--- I THINK WE HAD A GREAT TIME!
I have been their twice for Karaoke. They have an AMAZING book I was shocked to see how many songs they had. I signed up for 3 and I could only sing one of them because the other songs had bad words in them.
That was a big NO NO! IT IS A BAR! YOU HAVE TO BE 21 TO BE IN THERE! who is going to be offended by me singing adam sandlers at a medium pace?
Grapevine and I go together like Del Maguey Chichicapa Mezcal and Dr Pepper, but fuggit if I don't enjoy myself here in adult-spring-break-fantasyland.

Its awkward at first, how someone my age feels like the GILF-hunter recruiting for the bangbus parked o'er yonder at Martini Ranch or somewhere equally creepy.  But once you find your niche and the fat book of songs -- I mean its REAALLY extensive -- then you can kick it a bit and enjoy the reduced rates of Scottsdale's version of what I imaging the bar at Club Med to be like ... lots of Tommy Bahama and Ann Taylor A-line dresses with Hibiscus prints ... everyone in Finn Comfort sandals.  

Anyway, between your enthusiastic head nods through Don From Sales' rock n roll air-flute to Jethro Tull's 'Aqualung' and The Ladies of Sun Valley Office Park Suite B14's interpretation of Tiny Dancer, you can sign yourself up.  Graham C has balls the size of watermelons and after a small amount of coaxing, was convinced by our small party to rock the mic to Arctic Monkey's 'I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor'.

Por favor, beleive that there is nothing more exciting than four twentysomething dweebs holding their Amstels mouthward, Marlboro 100's [hey, its all they sold at Grapevine] behind the ear  like they're playing a sold-out Wembley belting out:

"DANCING TO ELECTRO-POP LIKE A ROBOT FROM NINETEEEEN EIIIIIGHTY FOOOOOUUUURR!"

"FROM NINETEEEEN EIIIIIGHTY FOOOOOOOOOOURRR!!"

Graham is teh tits.
Went with a group of friends on Saturday night.  Yes, there was a huge book of songs.  

It was my first time singing karaoke... which means I needed a lot of drinks in me.  They kept the martinis coming, but I can't tell you if they were good or not, because I was pretty drunk.  We ordered food too, but I was too excited to sing to eat any of it.  But it mostly disappeared, so it must of been okay. 

I put 4 songs on my piece of paper, but was only called on once in the 4 hours we were there.  They said there was a rotation, but others got to sing more than a few times and everyone in my group only got to sing once.  I felt like they were giving the 'regulars' more songs.  

Also, it was a Saturday night and the 'regulars' were all singing country songs and showtunes.  I was practicing all week, I wanted to SING!!!! And their slow songs were boring me.

So hopefully there are other options in the valley for Karaoke, it did feel pretty awesome singing and dancing on the stage, in a drunken stupor and I'd like to do it again sometime. 

If I end up here again, perhaps I will change my review, but I'll never go here again on a Saturday night.
karaoke on tuesday and thursday and saturday night rocks! dont go on days other than these cuz yould be bored to DEATH! all other karaoke nights are for the 75 and above crowd.
only one waitress really does her job.the bartender and the rest of the wait staff take forever to serve your order and continuously chatter among themselves! the male bartender always looks sad and NEVER smiles and needs to work elsewhere like in a funeral parlor. 
food selection is extremely LIMITED! they need to add more items on their menu.

limited parking.limited seats. lots of yakking by all of the wait staff except for the waitress wearing glasses as she is the only one doing her job!

bathrooms are a mess. real classic untidiness bordering on filth. the waitress wearing glasses and the karaoke on the nights i mentioned are the only thing that could keep this business afloat.
Celebrating your 50th birthday here is ill-advised if you have a heart condition or are not ok with the randomness of the Grapevine and its Saturday night karaoke crowd.  All the sudden I look up from the birthday friend being serenaded on stage to "Like a Virgin" when some meathead (rumor has it he's a stripper) starts dry humping said friend lifting her up chair and all. 

* Good times.  
* Immense song list.
* Slow drink service.
* Kick ass bongo drums.
* Slow karaoke service.  Took me about 90 minutes to wait for first song. (Bob Marley - Is This Love)  
* Too many drunken "Sweet Carolines" and "Black Velvets".  Let's be original, people.
* And, yes, it seems that many of the clued in regulars get to sing more often. 
* Here's a tip.  I saw the same guy sing as Joe, Joseph and Jose.  If you can't beat em?  Join em.
I was going to go to Cafe Carumba for breakfast or brunch the other Sunday, but I didn't arrive until 3:00pm and Carumba was closing.  I was disappointed, but it is great that they close early, so their staff can enjoy the Sunday afternoon off!  So I ended up going over to the Grapevine just next door. I have always seen it, but never gone there.  They have quite a menu with everything from Gyros to steak sandwiches.  I normally stay away from places with such broad cuisine. They tend to not be very good.  But, I have to say the service was great. Our waitress was so very pleasant, and the steak sandwich on garlic toast I ordered came with a great cut of steak, and a homemade garlic roll that it was served on.  They even made a killer cosmo to top off my Carrie Bradshaw breakfast.  I would come back here again.  It was a very good experience.
Good location, bad service. 

It was not a busy Thursday night, but our waitress was literally 20+ minutes in between stops. 

The nachos were not really nachos. More of a salad mixed with some tortilla chips, that happen to be burnt. 

Christina ordered a lavosh thingy and it came out cold. 

The food was way overpriced. I only had one drink. It was stiff, so that is good. 

This place was just really meh.
it's been a while since the one and only time i went here, but it deserves a review, simply because of what happened there.

we were well on our way to having a hang over the next day, which seems like the only way to go to this bar. 

we walked in (group of 6), and managed to find a table, inside, where the karaoke was happening. we're not that into karaoke, but it is free entertainment.

as soon as we sat down, a woman started singing. she was pretty decent and the song was a crowd pleaser. then it happened.

some dude, about 5'2" gets up on stage, and starts dancing at her, while she's singing. i say at, because she was not dancing. no one was. except this guy, who was also in his mid-40s and sporting a sweet comb-over. it was seriously like someone planted him as a prank, like we were being taped for a surprise tv show. 

we all sat there looking at each other, then looking at him, then back at each other. the lady was a trooper, she just kept singing. finally, the song was over, and he opened his arms up, like he was going to hug her. finally, some other guy from the audience, pulled him away, back down to his seat. very awkwardly. 

that's not why i'm giving this 2 starts. we were there a good 15 minutes total, and never saw a server. more beer might have saved the situation, in some way. with no beer in sight, we bolted. we couldn't handle another episode like that, with nothing to wash it down with.
The food was fine but the waitress had too many tables and and the sandwich came long after our drinks were gone 20-30 min. we won't go back!
I can't believe I got to review this place before the DG! I feel honored and privileged. For all of the 2 star haters: THIS PLACE IS DOPE!!!! 

I have never eaten food here. It has always been too late in the night for that. Plus, there was only one thing on our minds when we go. KARA-fucking-OKE!!! Well, I mostly am inebriated and Z and Dally want to sing. The people that run the jams remind me of the house band at the Dresden in Swingers. There is always this older dude there that insists on playing the bongos along to every song. Even if it doesn't fit. 

Inevitably we sing "Don't Stop Believin'", "Piano Man", and "Sweet Caroline". It will be a group of us guys and it is a good time had by all. One time I worked up the courage to sing a song with my buddy Z that didn't involve everyone at the bar. We did "Black" by Pearl Jam. I think it went well. It felt like it did anyway. 

I always have a blast when I am here. Save the time my ex-wife and the girl I was seeing at the time came within about 5 feet of each other. It felt like my head was going to explode. I think Garth Algar said it best,"Did you ever see that part in Scanners when that guys head exploded?" No amount of alcohol could have made me drunk that night.   

You will see a very eclectic mix of people in here, but don't be scared.
Grapevine: because I have had one-out-of-three okay experiences here, I will give you a three star.. but I really feel like you are still a 2...

I forgot what a mistake the nachos were. In fact, the bartender served them with chili, and when me and Mr. Gold kindly explained we are vegetarians and do not eat chili, he scoffed and gave us the worst case of stink eye I have ever experienced. I'm sorry, if I am paying nine god damned dollars for some nachos, they better be right.

Granted it was a busy Saturday night, but the service was not good. It took forever to get a drink even though I was sitting at the bar. And again, that nasty douche bag of a waiter was such a prick. Ummm.. HELLO... I am buying shit from you and your freaking tip is going to depend on your attitude. 

The one completely redeeming thing about The Grapevine is that the karaoke is pretty awesome. Pretty much everyone back in the pit sings along, so it really becomes like one big group voice ringing out in the night.

Let me give some of you a piece of advice, though... don't select songs that are downers that will make me want to slit my wrists. ESPECIALLY if you cannot sing. That is just NOT fair.
The food was good enough. The service was so slow I got irritated. I felt ignored by the hostess and waitress I will not be going back.
Where do I take my out of town guests who want to drink and watch other tourists drink and stare off the second story patio onto the milling crowd below? The Grapevine of course. The drinks were passable, the prices are tourist and the lavash is awesome. Lavash, that funny little unleaven bread makes a heavenly pizza with Delfino cheese. I highly suggest it. The drawback to the Grapevine is the service is what you would expect from the surly soft serve waiter at Dairy Queen and the prices are high. Reserve it for your older out of town guests, my inlaws loved it.
For the most part, the Grapevine has barely passable food.  HOWEVER thier cheeseburgers are absolutely DEVUBE.  Hand molded, tender, juicy and presented on a whole wheat bun with a dijon mayonnaise and a yummy side of fries.  It really is ridiculously good.   Also, thier patio rules!  It boasts a commanding view of Camelback and you can see the goings on on the street below.    It is great to go for lunch or sunset and If you are a sports fan, they have a few big screen tv's.
2.25 Stars rounded down.  Like when your pencil needs sharpened and it's not much more than a nubbin.  Rounded down.  #2 pencil.  

Food was serviceable no more.  Nickel and dimeing going on too.

There was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar.  Does the word "wail" mean anything to you?  If it does do it with pride.

Atmosphere with inside/outside seating is OK.  Plenty of misters as well as plenty of Mrs.
The grapevine, bitch.  Invariably, if I'm bombed in scottsdale or anywhere close, an overwhelming urge hits me to get over to the 'vine and hit up some karaoke, blasted into a microphone with an angry face but a heart full of love.

Being the married chap that I am, I won't often be there, but if you see someone singing I'll Be There For You or Piano Man, know that it isn't all it could be unless Richard Z. is singing it, and throwing in his customary dash of Love (the secret ingredient).

They have food? Sure, whatever.  By the time I get to the 'vine I am too sloshed to care about food and way too sloshed to stop drinking.  And any post-grapevine morning where I can wake up and remember all the songs that I sang is a failure in my book.
I would now like to write another review for the grapevine, and this applies only to the grapevine when I'm singing George Michael's I Want Your Sex. One billion stars.
The Grape Vine is one of the best venues in AZ to catch a Nathan S. show and believe me everyone should experience a Nathan S. show at some point in their lives. He is as talented and energetic a performer as the world has ever seen.

I don't know what else goes on in this establishment but I do know that the karaoke here is tits or bitchin or whatever Scottsdale language is these days for neat-o. The song selection is fantastic, the crowd is awesome and most importantly they have a stage! I am a little bit of a performance god (see ham) and love a good karaoke stage. Watch me people, envy me, let me get you off! I am a golden God!!!

Ahem...The patio is awesome and large. The drinks could stand to be cheaper for this type of bar but I guess when you drop it in the neighborhood that it is dropped in you have to do as the Romans (See vomitorium).

P.S. I am hungover and haven't a goddamned clue what most of this review means.
people eat at the grapevine?
the only people i know go to the grapevine for karaoke and drinks.
the "host" with his fiddle is priceless.  it's especially great when you don't even know it's coming and he just joins in your song!
this place is great - the people watching is amazing ... especiially mr. dancing queen (he shows up late!)

highly recommended ... just dont take our table! :)
I came here with a group of Eliters after Thursdays OYE.. what better way to get to know a new group of people than through Karaoke? You find out whose shy, whose got shitty taste in music, whose heart is broken, whose the attention whore, and whose that fucking guy in the corner anyway? 

We were all previously sauced up, so why stop now? You have to be saucy for Karaoke. Drinks all around. We were also all full.. so no one ate anything, so I have no idea what the food is like, but apparently its good shit.

All I can say is that there was a rockin' selection of tunes to choose from, an eclectic mix of people, adequate seating, full bar, and BONGOS. Fyes. I can assure you I made an ass out of myself, multiple times, but hey.. I had a damn good time doing it. Totally recommend this spot for you to do the same.
I have two opinions of this place-it got a LOT better as the night went on. Not sure if it was the drinks...wine seems to make everything better doesn't it? We got there really early, like 8:00, to get a table for our large group for the evening, and the place was packed with Karaoke "regulars". 

When I say regulars, I mean these are the folks that probably would try out for American Idol if they weren't about 30 years too old for the show. Seriously amazing voices and talent, but taking it a little TOO seriously. You know the types. I actually felt a little uncomfortable and out of place until I FINALLY got to since my first song. Our waitress was a total bitch and tried to short change my friend $10. We hadn't had THAT many drinks that we wouldn't have noticed $10 missing on a $3.00 beer. 

Fast forward to about 10:30 or 11. Many drinks have been had at this point and the regulars have thinned out. Crowd is pumped, singing along, dancing on stage and having a great time! The place is packed with people who just want to sing along, dance, and get a little crazy - not try to score a record deal! My type of crowd for sure. 

Moral of the story: If you are a super serious Karaoke starlet that feels you missed out on your record deal, go early, like 5pm and then please leave promply at 10. If you want to go and shake your ass, sing along to every song out there, and have a grand old time, hit it up after 10. Just don't expect to get a seat.
A karaoke bar on a Saturday night?! Get outta here! This place rocked. A little too packed though. The best way to describe the floor plan for this place is it's like an hour glass. It gets congested in the middle (where the bar starts and the drink prices are kinda pricey) so if you're trying to get from the front to the back, where all the action is, be a little patient; good things come to those who wait. There's also a nice patio for those people looking to get some fresh air or take a break from all the action. The karaoke host doesn't quite stick to the order in which your song request is submitted (some people sang twice before I got my ONE chance). All in all, it was a fun spot and most of the people there were cool; not what I had expected based on previous experiences I've had in that area. THUMBS UP FOR THAT! Oh yah, I also got to meet some fellow Yelpers there too who, which was the cherry on top! I'll definitely be found there again messing up more songs for public entertainment. nAcHo: Coming soon to a karaoke bar near you!!! 

***Da Bafroom: 4 stars for the bafroom! WOO HOO!!! A delightful aroma streamed throughout this miniature suite adding to the already pleasant experience I was having. The interior design/decoration was up-to-date with tiled walls, 2 fancy new urinals and one bathroom stall for those looking to participate in "floor mounted porcelain activities". Bathroom soap was definitely Dial (TM) or an imitation Dial Liquid Soap which, for this place and it's location, I would have expected something more fancy and better smelling like Body Works soap or Bed Bath and Beyond stuff. OH, who am I now??? I'm nAcHo, the Yelp Bafroom Extraordinaire, that's who! Sorry, (compose yourself, compose yourself...) I guess I felt a little spoiled being in sucha nice restroom...
I don't really feel compelled to write to much about this place... only for the fact that i didn't have a terribly horrible time... but i didn't have the time of my life either.... i met up with some fellow yelpers which was the high light of the night of course :-)   ... but i was my own DD so no drinking for me... only lemon Water :) mmmm..... so good.... the bathrooms were very clean... but the toilets were so low i was practically sitting on the floor... and the stall door was so close it was about an inch from my knees... uncomfortable.... the last chick at the very end of the night had the mic last.... and she couldn't even keep up with the rap song SHE CHOSE.... so she apparently felt the need to start cursing at everyone else to sing it too... are you serious?? it completely lowered her from a lady to a tramp in 2 seconds... i was done... i would go again.... but i would definitely relocate by midnight....
If I was simply reviewing the service & food I would be at around 2 stars.....it's not that great.  But why 4 stars you ask? Karaoke my friend, if you haven't been to The Grapevine on a Saturday night for Karaoke you are missing out.  I thoroughly embarrassed my self last weekend and I suggest you do the same.
The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make you sound good. 

The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make other people sound good.

I've heard the best rendition of RESPECT I will ever hear in my lifetime at The Grapevine.  It was sung by a straight man using a feminine voice and it was so bad it was good.  

My friends sang a Spanish duet that I begged them not to sing and two people actually sang along!?  I thought that shiz was gonna bomb, but I was wrong.  

You will probably be the last to sing if you are not a regular.  That would be me and so I always get screwed.  I end up singing "I Touch Myself" to my friends and the only other person in the room who's name hasn't been called.  

If you do get the chance to sing at a peak time, drunk strangers will probably dance behind you on stage, some may even try to come up and sing along with you.  Someone will most certainly play the bongo drums in the corner, and that someone will most definitely not pay attention to the beat.

Sounds fun, doesn't it?
Hmmm...what did I just stumble upon???

As I am walking into the Grapevine, I am invited by a gorgeous and cozy patio. Only the smokers are mingling there, due to the cold. Nice...I shall join them soon.

I enter and am all of a sudden in a small room, with two massive table things. Nothing but darkness and the sound of Elvis in the background. I was instantly confused. WTF is going on here?!?!

As I creep around the bar, I discover the backroom - packed with people of all sorts, an energetic DJ lady and various tunes blasting out of the karaoke machine that my grandmother most likely swayed her hips too. Shall I be scared or embrace it? I embrace it and feel oddly at home.

Since I don't have much of a singing voice, I opt for the other option: Liquor. I order the bloody mary, others order the margarita. Both were..meh. And pricy to be honest. The menu was huuuuge...talk about selection! The only thing missing from the menu, since it was all over the place, was Sushi. We order the chuck burger. Solid; as it should be for $7.50.

The BIGGEST negative, that left me with a horrible aura, was the bartender. No personality, rude, and just nothing I want to encounter again. This drug the star count down.

Ambiance: A
Drinks: C
Food: B
Service: F
Overall: C+
A very nice spot to have a drink if you are sitting on the upstairs balcony over looking Old Town. Not now of course during this monsoon .... but when the sun comes back. The food is average but good enough for nibblies. I would not eat an entire meal here again as I thought it was a little bland. The staff are excellent - super friendly and fast even when they are overwhelmed with customers.
this place sucks.  i went on a friday and sat outside, as the people we were meeting are smokers,  i had to wave down a server, who had no enthusiasm, sense of urgency, character, or personality.  and instead of working she sat at a table near us and had her own smoke.  there are so many better places in old town than this hell hole.
Last nite, the whole family and I got together and went to the grapevine. It was my first time, and I will say that the service started out slow. That irritated me at first, but as the night went on I realized that it was kind of refeshing not to be in a rush.

We ordered a few bottles of wine, and got a lavosh, sauteed chicken strips, and chili. The chili had a weird after taste to it, but the lavosh and the chicken strips were great! The lavosh was made with Dolfino cheese and Cajun chicken, which proved to be a great combination. I loved that the chicken was not dried out either :)

After eating, my family and I joined in on some karaoke that was already going on...and we had a great time! There appears to be a set of regulars, which makes for a lively crew.
Grapevine loses a star for CENSORSHIP! A few of us hit them up after the Elite event tonight and they cut my song off because it had the F word in it. REALLY? Stopped it mid-song and asked me to pick another one.

But then Richard Z was allowed to sing "I want your Sex", which is waaayyy dirtier (and he did a fab job BTW), and he didn't get cut off. What's the deal? If you don't want songs with bad words to be sung, then take them out of your songbook. Don't make a big deal about it and make me seem like a jerk because the song writer likes to drop the f-bomb.

Don't bother with this place for Karaoke. 2 bad experiences makes this place low on my list and not worth the trip.
Had a great evening with some great friends on the upper deck, watching the sun set and sipping some great margaritas. Had a few things from the menu, nothing to write home about though. Will be back for some more of that great atmosphere real soon.
Regulars pull rank on the songs with the Mr Karoake dude running the show. But if you stick around, your song will come up eventually. They do need a better sound system. But hey, if you drink enough everyone sounds the same :) Generous pours and decent food.
I was shopping a little on my 30th birthday in Old Town and I decided here to stop here (Feb. 4th) for lunch. My husband was at the Double Tree down the street at a trade show so I figured I would try to enjoy my day. I ate by the bar and had a wonderful conversation with the restaurant's manager Rose. She had an outstanding personality and actually got me through this bittersweet day, as all my friends are back in RI and I was sort of having a lonely 30th. I had the roast beef sandwich with the au jous sauce, salad and fries. I also had a glass of riesling (my personal favorite). And as Rose and I were talking about the difficulties of relocation I mentioned it was my birthday- no not to get anything for free. But I was treated to another glass of wine on the house and a slice of cheesecake. She did tell me that she does not work on Saturdays- sorry to other Yelpers who had bad customer service- she did tell me about Karokee but my singing days are over. I would definitely go back for lunch again just because I was treated so well.
The grapevine has a WONDERFUL patio that gives a glimpse of the mountains, Old Town Scottsdale and the stars (at night, of course!). The service was okay--the hostess didn't quite make things clear about what was happening.

The food was also okay. I had the taco salad (the chicken was wonderfully spicy, but the salad could have had more variety in it). My parents split the ribs, which they said were good, but didn't seem to have a deep flavor to them.
Awesome upstairs with an outdoor but feels like indoor bar.  Good food with an expansive menu.
The Grapevine is one of those places that you always randomly walk by and think "I've got to try this place out," but because of it's obscure, off-the-beaten-path location it's easy to forget.  

I think one of the best parts about the Grapevine is the diverse realm of fun you can have.  Whether it's some day-drinking up on the patio for Spring Training, some racious karaoke with a distinctly more...experienced...crowd, or grabbing some pizza in a dimly lit dining area, The Grapevine is definitely not a bad place to stop.

It's been a while since I've had the food here, but from what I remember it was pretty tastey and equally reasonable in terms of price.  Drinks are a little on the expensive side, but hey - that's Old Town!
Wanted to eat at a fancy place, but no time on a Saturday night.  Was disappointing to end up here with mediocre food and service.

We were warned about karaoke night, but the singers were ok, so it was tolerable. 

Good place for lunch maybe, but not on a date..  At least not inside.  Maybe on a cooler night on the patio.
Older crowd. Was hella fun. Been 3 years since I've last been. Good times.
The husband and I had our first taste of karaoke here last night and I have to say, it was extremely entertaining. We didn't subject the poor people to our voices but those who chose to partake created a great atmosphere for us lurkers. Loved the fact that it was a bit of a dive, couldn't imagine a karaoke bar any other way. 

The drinks were made well and my glass was never left empty. The crowd was a total mixed bag and all very friendly. We will definitely be heading back.
Went there for lunch with another newbie and a regular. I got the Cajun Chicken Caesar Salad on the recommedation of the regular. It was surprisingly good - just enough dressing and lots of chicken and croutons.

The atmosphere was regular bar and the staff was very friendly.
We've walked by this place many times and always said we should check it out sometime. So on a recent Friday night we did. On the way in an older gentleman stated "best food in Scottsdale because they have the same head chef for 40 yrs!" We were happy to hear this as we were hungry and ready for a good meal. The menu selections are all over the place. After gave our order and waited close to an hour, we noticed our waitress was just beginning to bring out the food for several tables of customers that were seated and already drinking when we first arrived. Another 10 minutes had gone by and we had not seen our waitress. We left the cash equivilent on our table for the two drinks we ordered and left. No one in the place noticed we left or even cared. 
Next time I hear someone say "Great food they've had the head chef for 40 years" I'll run the other way. All I can picture is this old cook shuffling at a snails pace through the kitchen. I don;t enjoy sitting for over an hour just to get my food. 
Will never recommend anyoone go to this place!
Had lunch here a couple of days ago.  

Place was dead.  Only one other table had people at it.  Service was quick.  Reuben sandwich I ordered was delivered promptly.  Meat was tasty but not exactly plentiful (I'm used to a New York style Reuben - with loads of meat).  Potato salad that came with the sandwich was very good, a pleasant surprise.  

Outdoor seating was nice, though the birds did get tiresome.  Place seemed clean.  Plenty of seats.  Upstairs deck area would be great in the evening.  Seems like it would be a much more fun place with a group of people for happy hour  or dinner than it was for lunch.  

Bottom line - it was okay.  Not bad, not great.  I'd give it another try but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
The last few times we have been here, we've sat upstairs at the bar.  Franco has always been our server so the last time we were there I asked him how long he had been working there - 35 years was the response.  Kudos Franco.

We have tried many items on the menu.  The food is mediocre, but satisfying and flavorful.  The lavosh is incredible.  Stay away from the cajun chicken quesadilla (very messy and only cheez and chix) and the buffalo wings scared me a bit (not a fan of pulling apart pieces of chicken).  I would recommend the veggie lavosh or the cajun lavosh.  We have had the fruit plate (LOTS of fruit - great for a hot summer day), and various sandwiches.  

The prices aren't too bad - the drinks are a little on the pricey side.  The other employees are generally friendly and helpful.  It's a great place for late night eats.
I am actually between a 3 and a 4 star rating here.  I've been to Grapevine several times, and have always had a pleasant dining experience.  The ambiance is cute but casual, they have extensive patio dining, and a second bar area upstairs (covered) with more patio tables available.  The food is pretty good, and portion sizes are generous.  My favorite is the French Dip sandwich....it's simple, and tastes delicious.  What I am not as much a fan of is the Karaoke scene at night.  I actually LOVE karaoke, and the first time I went here I was excited to get up in front of an energetic audience and blast my way through some 80's pop song or another.  But apparently there are politics involved at The Grapevine when you want to sing.  The karaoke mistress runs the show with an iron fist, and only allows those that pay a small mortgage the opportunity to show their stuff.  Even if some drunkard has commandiered the mic for the last three songs, if he's paid the piper he will continue to blow out your eardrums....regardless of how many other people are waiting for their chance.  Definitely not how most karaoke places are run, and I wasn't a fan of it.  I've been back a few times since, and have experienced the same thing with the same karoake lady, so I know it wasn't just a fluke.  Too bad, the place is nice, but for karaoke I'll probably head north to Ernies...
I LOVE this place! Great place to karaoke.  All age groups go there and they also have great food.  Lot's of memories made here...
This is my thrid return to Grapevine.  Visiting Scottsdale for business.  The main reason I patronize Grapevine is because of the outdoor seating/patio -  I really love it.  Meals I typicall order are at lunch, notably their french dip with cole slaw which is decent.  I had a new waitress who was a hit/miss but she was trying her best.  Reasonable prices.  Best time of the year to visit this area, sit and watch up on the patio tourists below checking out the shops.  They do have a full service bar here!
Place is a little dumpy, but it has a rooftop, and on a sunny day in March is not bad. The music selection is garbage, food wasn't bad.  I got just the chicken wings, pretty good (whole wings). The service leaves a lot to be desired.
This place is horrible! We were staying right around the corner from here and were starving after the Giants spring training game and decided to come here... one of the worst decisions ever! We came here at about 9:30pm on Saint Patrick's Day and all we wanted was some food. 

We got seated right away on the upstairs patio. Our waitress came over very quickly and asked what we wanted to drink, we ordered 2 waters and a beer.... it took 20 damn minutes to get JUST our waters!!!!! 10 minutes after that the SINGLE beer my dad ordered came. Our waitress came back at about 10:15 (45 minutes after we sat down) to take our order. I ordered Chicken Strips and my dad ordered a Caesar salad... could not be an easier order, right???? WRONG! It was almost 11 o'clock before our food came! My fries were cold, my chicken strips were gross and frozen pieces of crap thrown in to a deep fryer and tossed on my plate. My dad's salad was just as disappointing.

I understand it was Saint Patrick's Day and the service might have been a little bit slower because of the crowd. But my waitress did not even wait on the people in the bar nor did they serve food in the bar so the sucky-ness and slowness had nothing to do with that! This place sucks A$$!
Five star convenient location and nice upstairs patio. 

This place was so in need of a deep clean. It was seriously dirty from the menus, the floor to the tables. I felt dirty just eating there. Also because its a patio people were smoking all around us, which is good to know if you are eating here. Not a big deal to me, but it could bother some people. 

Not sure if its cause Spring Training was going on so they were busier, but the whole experience was really slow. When we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger! Good to know when you are ordering, since we didn't and had about 1/2 the food left over after we ate. 

I would only come back here to drink or be in the sun on the convenient patio area.
Save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place.

My partner and I ordered the french dip sandwiches - they arrived dry and plain.  Our drink order took at least 20 minutes to arrive even though there were only a few tables with customers.  The drinks seemed watery.

We sat on a warm afternoon without having our waters replenished once.

There are too many negatives to even consider giving this place a second chance.
My husband, two year son and I just started going here and really like it. They have cheap happy hour appetizers but do not reduce the portions,. Their wings are huge! The staff has always been friendly and the service very decent. The menu offers your usual American food but, again, the portions are larger than a lot of other place. We want to come for karaoke but need a babysitter. One of these days....Check it out.
Service was quite bad.  Had to ask for a glass for my beer, and shrimp cocktail was served to me without the usual crackers and a fork..Asked several times but had to go to kitchen to get my own fork and crackers.  Very loud atmosphere.  Filled with people who "tried" to sing.  I do not appreciate listening to people singing off key.  Was quite grating to the ears.  If you are that bad then stay home and sing in your bathroom and do not subject others to these obnoxious sounds.  More of a cowboy saloon type of establishment.  Does not fit into the Scottsfale scene at all.  More of a type of place you would find in the Southwest valley. They need to change this place into a more upscale place so that people will want to go here.  GET RID OF THE KARAOKE!!!!!
their chicken strips are not fried and are healthy.

their shrimp cocktail offered large, delicious shrimps.

happy hr prices are $4.50 for apps and $4 margaritas.

the blonde waitress that works downstairs in the afternoons is very professional and amiable.
Took forever to sing one song. Was not a regular, but dang.
I have eaten at this restaurant numerours times over the years. Tonight was my last meal. The food quality was poor, it reminded me of a meal that you would get at Denny's. The service experience was lacking.When i spend 40.00 for two people. I expect the food not to taste like it came out of can. This restaurant needs new management.
Grapevine is one of the only karaoke bars within a many, many mile radius. Because of this, Grapevine gets an A-OK because this bar can offer a good time if you go in the right mindset. The right mindset is when you're ready to belt it out with the "best of them" aka, a combination of elderly people and really drunk young people. 

I would really only ever go to the Grapevine for karaoke. I've eaten here a couple of times and the food is par. The venue itself is older, a little warn down and in need of some TLC. However, the clientele probably doesn't case because again, most people visit the Grapevine after several cocktails in order to live out their dreams of being on America Idol. 

Be warned that the while the Grapevine itself is spacious with a decently sized second floor deck, the karaoke is inside and it can get very cramped. There are only a handful of tables inside and on a night and especially a weekend night, it will be very crowded and will most likely take a little bit of time to get a drink and sing. The old timers who are regulars here take their singing very seriously so don't even think about cutting in front of them! :)
I will not return to The Grapevine.  We went on a fairly busy Sunday afternoon and the staff was not up to the challenge.  The hostess disappeared for several minutes at a time, leaving many people wondering who to speak to, what to do, or whether they should seat themselves.  When we did get seated, the waitress was even more clueless.  She didn't show up for several minutes, then took a drink order and disappeared indefinitely.  Every time she did anything she was gone for an inordinate amount of time before returning.  This became especially annoying when she gave each of our party of three drink refills one at a time. When the food finally arrived, it was no longer warm, so whatever she had been doing she allowed our food to sit for awhile before she brought it.  Bottom line: the staff had no idea what they were doing and were extremely slow in doing anything.  I now see that this slow service runs through all the Yelp reviews.  Now the food: not horrible, but below average.  Definitely not worth the wait.  The menu spans lavosh, mexican, burgers and gyros.  Too broad a choice for most chefs, and this one was no different.  The chips and salsa were good, and the chips homemade, but that was the extent of it. The rest of the food was very mediocre and room temperature.  There are many good places in the Old Town Scottsdale area, and The Grapevine just doesn't measure up.  You can get better service and better food at many other places in that area.  (As a trivial aside, an example of how clueless the staff was is that on a Sunday afternoon, they had the bar TVs on bowling.  Yes, Bowling!!)
Always I have found a good time here! Downstairs they have 'Cowboy Karaoke' the local old timers singing old time hits... And you know what? It's always entertaining. I've met and had great conversations with the bar patrons. Been upstairs with the tiki torches going on cool evenings with the younger crowd too. Something for everyone at The Vine. One time really drunk I looked over an saw Elvis enjoying himself here as well. Well bourbon in a short glass with coke, nice price, very reasonable so I'll stay for another, and maybe get a bite to eat. Here you will find the real old west of scottsdale, that you've been looking for
Came here for lunch on a weekday.  No karaoke was going on, so there was NO REASON to come here!  The service was absolutely terrible.  We spent over 90 minutes, most of it waiting for service, the bill, and for the waitress to pick up the bill.  I gave up on using a credit card and used cash instead so we could get out of there!.  I had a bowl of chili, my wife had a salad and Mom had soup and a wrap.  Although the food was not terrible, it was nothing special and, combined with the lousy service, we were very disappointed.  UNLESS YOU WANT TO DO KARAOKE AT NIGHT, DO NOT EAT HERE.
No matter what hour of the day, day of the week, or time of the year - the Grapevine is a must visit kind of place for locals and tourists alike!  

The patio upstairs is fantastic for hanging out with your family or friends, grabbing a bite to eat, and relaxing and enjoying the sunshine.  The bar upstairs has TVs, so you'll be able to catch whatever game you are trying to see. 

For happy hour and on into the night, you can stay and rock out to the karaoke. The people here aren't messing around!   You'll get a little bit of everything from Elvis to Dixie Chicks to Sir Mix a Lot.   Where could you find that kind of entertainment all in one place?!
Blech.  My boyfriend and I decided to come here the other afternoon on a whim on the way to a different Yelp acclaimed restaurant.  We saw this restaurant and there were a lot of people on the patio and it looked nice from the outside so we came here instead- big mistake. 

The service was awful- extreeeemmeeely slow.  I ordered a water and he ordered a root beer that came in a bottle.  It took forever to come out and I never once got a refill and she never asked if he wanted another drink.  The patio was not overly crowded so I'm not sure what the problem was.  The food took a long time after that and had no great redeeming qualities either.   It wasn't terrible, but definitely not fresh or spectacular in any way.  The chili or whatever was on my taco salad was down right gross. 

Basically, a mediocre restaurant, with mediocre food, and not somewhere I'd ever want to come back to.
For a place called "Grapevine" I'd expect the wine menu to be at least decent.  I have gone to this place several times for food, drinks AND karaoke - I enjoy the view from the upstairs patio (I highly recommend sitting there).  I must admit that service every time I dine, is slow at best.  It wasn't just me though, this last time I watched the frustration of another table with a different server.   

I think the location is fantastic and the building itself is great!  I would do an overhaul on the menus (drink, wine and food) and concentrate on the quality of food being served and food presentation.  I'm sure this place isn't hurting but I know it has some real potential to be AMAZING.  As it stands, it's only ok at best.
Just went here for dinner on a Saturday night,The food,atmosphere and building are prity excellent.My only complaints would be that although it was not at all ''packed'' in the bar area the bartenders seemed completely overwhelmed and actually got a bit irate with me when i ordered a Mojito,Scottsdale is usually the place to get well made cocktails by competent mixologists Isnt the point to sell the more expensive drinks not just the happy hour bud lights?!?! ,Also my wife and I are both 31 and were by at least 15 years the youngest people in the room,,Fix the service and staff issues this would be the best spot in old town.
Good lahvosh, nice patio and service was wonderful. The Southern Desert Cooler is a great summertime beverage!
I ordered chicken Cajun strips- good taste
New York and shrimp plate- very good
Service- I will give them 5 out of 10 - bartender was yelling at her cellphone fighting with her boyfriend? Using the F word in front of clients. She also fought with a co worker, not very nice. 
Drinks were ok, but if I go back it would be only for the terrace and the karaoke. Order bottled beer, drinks are watery.
Boyfriend and I from SoCal stumbled across this nice lunch eatery while in town for a wedding. Known for its cajun chicken and pizza served on crackers as opposed to dough and pasta sauce. We got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza. Both were very delicious!! Service was great too!! We had just returned from a hike and our server refilled our drinks at least 4 times without us asking. Seats on the patio allows you to take in the wonderful Old Town Scottsdale and warm weather.
The restaurant part & upstairs area looked cute. You can come here to watch people karaoke while sipping on some drinks.
That last star is what I'm calling "The Beard Bump." I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt (non-drinker here, so beverage-wise I don't really have a measuring stick) because I was pretty wowed by the KJ's beard. A silver chinstrap appropriate for a man of his karaoke stature.

That's what this place was all about. Karaoke. Not ambiance, not food, not drinks (see parenthetical note above) but pure, sing-your-heart-out screeching goodness.

When we arrived it was old school obscure songs by the regulars. People who had made bad decisions in their lives but were still clinging to the microphone of hope. Quite unamused by our crowd, they soon cleared out and we darn near had our own private karaoke room, save for the fellow in the Simpsons t-shirt and the ladies who were hooked on singing and may have walked the streets to find The Grapevine.

Loud songs. Country. Inappropriate lyrics and gyrations. And it was all under the watchful whiskers of that magnificent white beard.
I LOVE karaoke & I would NOT be offended if you called me a "karaoke whore." I sing in the shower, I sing at the grocery store, I WAIL in the car, I LOVE to sing! So when my Yelp-mates decided to visit the Grapevine, I was allllllll in

Please know that the Grapevine is a dive and people here sing a ton of country music. They've got a guy who runs the karaoke and sits in a small booth in the corner of the main bar. You'll be able up select from two books, one by artist & one by song title. The song selection was decent but certainly not the best I've ever seen. The crowd is on average in their 40s-50s but if you're younger it's waaay more fun if you go there with your friends. The sound in the bar is a bit off balance but the Grapevine offers a fun time!!

31 Yelps Challenge: #3/31
I knew our karaoke night was going sideways when the bearded KJ called the guys in our party up to the stage to sing a song that he had thoughtfully selected for us. It was Short Dick Man by Salt n' Peppa. Not only did we sing the song, but as we were singing the KJ went to town on his harmonica, playing along and jamming out throughout the whole song. 

It was surreal. 

Even more surreal than the scene itself - a collection of older folks singing country and standards, dive-bar drinks and atmosphere, and some bongos in the corner. And stiff, not all that cheap drinks. 

Needless to say, the more drinks you have, the more fun you'll have here.
This place is such a dive that it's awesome. I was in town with some coworkers for a summit and whenever we get together someone always mentions karaoke. Looking on the Yelp app for nearby bars or places to find such an activity, The Grapevine was at the top of our list.

Sure, it's not a well lit, clean or fancy bar in any way. And service is a bit slow, yet friendly. But the atmosphere, the clientele and the karaoke host  were absolutely bad ass. The crowd was a mix of people above 50 and people around 25-30. So every other song was unfamiliar to half of the bar and every other song was either terrible (in a good way) or totally awesome. 

I had an absolute blast. While dive bars and karaoke are not typically my style, if I find myself back in Scottsdale for another work function, I certainly won't turn down a chance to come back to The Grapevine. A-OK in my book!
Part of me wants to give The Grapevine 5 stars because I thought it was awesome. Just consider this...

- At several points throughout the night our group was the only group of people in the place other than the KJ and bartenders. When this happened the KJ picked songs for us and made us sing them. Songs like I Like Big Butts or Short Dick Man
- The KJ joined several songs in accompaniment on the harmonica.
- It's a dive bar with karaoke!
- At one point the bartender was making me a drink and singing a karaoke song herself.

But, the truth is a 5 star rating might not be entirely fair. Because it is dirty and dim (as a dive bar should be). And personally I think they'd rather have their regulars in here than too many new, hipster-y folks indulging in the irony of singing a Salt-n-Pepa song while the older KJ plays along on his harmonica. And also, the place puts a hurting on your pocket book considering what kind of dive it is. I haven't seen prices this high in a karaoke joint since I last lived in SF. Ouch.
100% dive bar located in Old Town Scottsdale. Who ever thought of that one is one smart cat. Provide the classic dive atmosphere with dim lighting, stiff drinks and KARAOKE, while charging Scottsdale pricing. By far one of the funnest Karaoke bars I've been to besides the Lamplighter in San Diego. It's funny to walk into a place like this in Old Town to find a mixed crowd of people ranging from 25 years of age to probably 60! I'd say the highlights of this place were the KJ, who had our group in stitches all night. He has us singing songs like "I Like Big Butts and Short Dick Man,"  and the bongos on the stage. I can't speak to the menu since we didn't eat there, but it looked like standard/average bar fare. I had a blast and I you will too!
Grapevine has the best Karaoke system in Arizona and it runs EVERY night after 5pm. They have another cute bar upstairs that's covered but open-air and allows for smoking and conversation. They also have a huge upstairs patio for dining which tends to be very popular during the winter months. Grapevine is a fun place to hang out - not a culinary adventure. While the food is decent it certainly wont impress Yelpers. However, the atmosphere in general, the staff, and the late night Karaoke are perfect.
Wow! What a great place! Picked Grapevine for the upper deck on a cool day. Get the lohvosh Cajun chic with onions!!!! Holy crap!
We just stopped in for a drink, went upstairs to the middle bar, which is covered but people still smoke. There was a distinct smell of vomit along with the cloud of smoke - and people were still eating there! The bartender was friendly and the drinks were fine but the place just seemed dirty and run-down. They do have tons of room and there's even karaoke downstairs.
The surly older waitress was a huge bummer.  I realize we weren't all arriving at the same time or leaving at the same time, but we were drinking cocktails in the middle of the day on a week day.  Wouldn't most waitresses see that as a great way to get a bigger tip?  Come by more often, bring more expensive alcoholic drinks, offer to take food orders every now and then to keep us there and drinking longer, and for GODS sake, pretend to be nice.  Seriously - she was awful.  It was clear that she couldn't have cared less that we were there.  And the food was sub par.  My turkey club was a wrap with some turkey, bacon, and lettuce in it.  The cheese was melted on top to make it look like it was a burrito, and there was some canned salsa on the side, for about $11.  No fries or chips or fruit....really?  Some of the reviews make it sound like the dive bar to go to at night....I love dive bars so maybe I'd try it again, but that's a big maybe.
I've only ever sat outside at The Grapevine so I'm not reviewing the apparently dark divey inside bar.    We had a great time.  I never had Lavosh before I tried it at The Grapevine and my eyes have been opened! (It's amazing - if you've never had it, it's basically cracker-pizza, except fancier.)  

If it weren't such a drive to Scottsdale I think we'd come here more often.
Dive bar, but the rooftop patio saves it. Food was moderate. I had the Caesar salad and thought it was very good for the price.
We went there for Valentine's Day and unfortunately the whole thing was a mess.  We didn't have a server acknowledge us for about 15 minutes.  Once she did, it took another 15 or so minutes to get chips and salsa.  It was then another lengthy wait to bet our food.  Unfortunately, the meal I ordered (taco salad) was underwhelming and generic, so it didn't make up for the service.

Maybe they were not prepared to be busy, but I would have appreciated a more attentive server and better food.
This is a fairly large restaurant, as it has a dive bar inside, a downstairs patio area, and an upstairs bar and rooftop seating.  It's unfortunate that the food and service were sub-standard.  I'm not sure if it was our group of 12 that made the service lacking, but it wasn't busy at all for a Wednesday night and the service was rather slow.  The food was lacking as well.  The hummus was okay - flavor wasn't as potent as typical hummus.

Prices are fair, but this place is probably one of the worse dining venues in Old Town Scottsdale.  The other one would be Italian Grotto.
PACKED on Friday nights!

Decent drinks; the well 'rita was pretty good.

Our initial intent was to sing karaoke, but we had a large group and there just wasn't room.  So we enjoyed the downstairs open-air room.
Location is great but Service was just ok. Food ..eeh. Had the  cajun - pizza looking deal and it was not spicy AT ALL.  Sat upstairs in patio, group of older women directly next us started smoking - not cool -Plus it is just too tight of an outdoor/upstairs dining patio to allow smoking. 

Ya not impressed, many other places in same location w/ better ambiance.
Dinner and drinks on the upstairs balcony.  Great misters to combat the desert heat.  Good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions.
Grapevine is a fun karaoke bar, and the only karaoke bar in Old Town as far as I know. I've had a lot of fun nights here. It's a great place to go for a birthday. It's tiny inside though so you may not get a table and even if you do you are in pretty close quarters. I've never eaten there but it's always packed upstairs on their patio during the weekends so my guess is that it's good. They have a good downstairs patio too. I prefer to go here once it's already dark outside, I just feel like it's that kinda place. It's pretty old school. Another fun perk is that a lot of wedding parties will come here (it seems like from out of town) and get wasted and fight and cause a bunch of chaos. That has been the case on NUMEROUS occasions and has always been entertaining. Probably not to the best man who got kicked out of the wedding the night before at the Grapevine, but it was for the rest of us. Also something kind of funny is that we went for a friend of mine's birthday one time and I signed her up for "in da club" by 50 cent ...obviously because it was her birthday. The staff like cut her off mid song because it was inappropriate or something. It was awkward, hilarious, and really friggen weird considering they had it in the book and I've heard people sing way worse there... Also I hope none of you have had to witness my terrible rendition of Fiona Apple.
Awesome food, great karaoke environment awesome place. Cheesecake is bomb!
Talk about Karaoke dive bar, amiright?

This Scottsdale beauty is the essence of a Karaoke dive bar complete with tacky decorations and lonely souls. 

They even have someone who will wait on you! Fancy pantsy. 

At no point did I regret the decision of coming here and I would totally return. It's nothing fancy and does it's job well! I'm in.
The main attraction at The Grapevine is their old skool, no frills karaoke bar. No private rooms or bottle service, what you see trending today. It's one stage, two screens, a piano player - who also whips out the harmonica - and tunes. 

I rec a weeknight visit when all the neighborhood locals take over the bar. We were told weekends the place is packed and can get a bit fratty. 

Drinks are cheap. Service is fast and they have a very clean ladies room!
How 'bout the KJ and those harmonica skills, y'all? 

The karaoke area was teeny tiny, and clearly us amateurs (besides Kelly S, of course) were cramping the style of some more serious singers. There were some folks you could tell are anxiously waiting for The Voice auditions to roll through Scottsdale.

I liked that they would still serve you outside of the main bar area, because what a pain for me to get up and walk the five steps to the bar. Seriously, it was a nice treat, and our girl took great care of us despite how rowdy we were. Also, the restrooms were pristine!
My girlfriend and I went here for our anniversary. It was a nice, casual experience. Two floor seating, we went on a Saturday evening when the top floor was packed so we opted to sit downstairs. The waitress was friendly and I felt like we received good service. As an appetizer we had potato skins, which we received quickly and were tasty. I was hungry that night so I ordered two gyro plates. I enjoyed my meal but they were nothing special, just standard gyros. My girlfriend on the other hand did not  enjoy her meal. She had fettuccini with shrimp. The pasta was undercooked and the shrimp still had tails on them. While this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it definitely took away from the atmosphere by having to pull shrimp tails off before being able to eat. 

Overall, I enjoyed my experience. I would not get a pasta dish or anything with shrimp there again, though.
From the perspective of a karaoke aficionado:
I was there on a Friday during spring training. Karaoke started at 5, which is earlier than most places, and not too busy. Later it got packed and there didn't appear to be a structured singer rotation, but if you seemed to be skipped, you could remind the KJ and he was cool. Only problem I had is that I was unaware that if paying with credit card/bank card they automatically hold $50 in addition to your bill, which will be credited back later, (in my case it was 5 days later) just sucks if you're not expecting it. 
I would definitely come back next time I'm in Scottsdale. Karaoke was  fun, food was good, waitress and bartenders were attentive even when it was packed, I would just bring cash.
There were kids here earlier, not sure when or if it's a strict 21 and over policy.
Here for karaoke. The server couldnt care less about her section...the decor here is dusty and old, makes me fearful to even order food.
Nice outdoor patio bar. Good prices. Conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale. Easy access from the Hilton Garden Inn.
I was in Scottsdale with my local family looking for a place yhat 10 people can all find something they all would like we found Grapevine in old town, nice patio not to busy for a Saturday afternoon.  After we got sat, drink order placed the wait began. From yhe time the waitress took our order to the time the first plate arrived was 45min.
Now we are talking grilled cheese, chix tenders, club sand, quesidilla, 3 other cold sandwich and a couple burgers. All the food came out cold. The grease from the quesidilla was so bad thst the tortilla coouldnt even hold the filling. Grilled cheese that wasnt melted. Soggy bread on all the sandwiches.  Under cooked chix wings. This place was so bad we asked to speack with the manager who kindly comped the entire meal gave us excuse after excuse why the service was bad and food not cooked well. My advise your better off going to Dennys.
The Grilled Mahi Mahi was really good and beers were cold so thats 4 stars in my book.   However, the mixed drinks are not the best so plan on spending some dough to get a buzz if thats what you're drinking.  Crowd is a little rough/old so the other reviews are pretty accurate.
Wow! Came here with family on a Monday night.  We day on the patio and the view was great. . However that is where all the good ends.  We were a party of for and two kids and between us we ordered 4 meals.  We got two meals delivered and then nothing, the server just left.  Then, we got another meal, again with no explanation about where the last meal was.  After a few minutes of waiting,  the server stored by in a rush to tell us that the flatbread was made incorrectly and that's what ee were waiting on.  Meanwhile, I started to nibble on my chicken taco salad. ...and it was awful.  It was like canned chili meat thrown on  some spinach and  lettuce with an unappetizing blob of sour cream.  Missing the black olives the menu promised me, I thought I would ask for them.  When I did, the server literally turned and walked away from me before the sentence was out of my mouth.  Finally the flatbread came out, but it wasn't the easy it was ordered.  When this was pointed out, the server actually said, week I didn't  hear you say that and wired around with the food with no further explanation.  When it did  come back, the mushrooms had just been scraped off, which was not okay.  When told this, the server said, well what do you want me to do about it? 
When I tried to  sopeak to the manager, the server interrupted and said you can tell me.  When I started to explain why we were unhappy, she tried to make excuses about her other 3 tables she had to serve and finally cut me off saying I'll just get you another server and walked away.  
I did explain the situation to the"night manager"and she comped the terrible food and have us a piece of cake.  Plus we did get a new server, who did much better.
Overall, not avgreat experience and we won't be back.
Mojitos.
Out here for Spring Training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere. There's a really nice outdoor sitting area during the day and for food, I would definitely recommend the Lahvosh, it is amazing! Sandwiches are really good, too! Haven't seen the night life here, but it's a great place during the day for food and drinks.
Not great, mostly due to the service.  The upstairs space is mostly a bar, apparently has karaoke in the evenings.  I went for lunch, and sat downstairs which was under the balcony, and shady, but kind of dark and claustrophobic.  The greeter was a teenage kid who basically grunted at me when I walked in, "upstairs or down?"  The table was not wiped, and had crusty dried food spots on it.  The server was surly, no smile, no thank you.  Kind of afraid of the menu that was kind of all over the map, so I got the burger with cheese and bacon.  My iced tea took 10 mins to come, and the burger another 15 mins.  It was plopped down in front of me with no words, and the server walked away, so I had to get up to ask for condiments.  The burger itself came with shredded lettuce and tomato already on it, so you couldn't really disassemble it, but I managed to scrape off the lettuce, which I didn't want.  Other than that, not a bad burger, thick and handmade, with a good toasted bun.  They had a radio station playing over speakers which was either poorly tuned or not local, as it was very staticky and annoying.  As good burgers aren't hard to find in Old Town, I won't be back.
On a Sunday afternoon we happened to run into my in-laws in old town, so we decided to find a place to sit down and grab drinks and possibly appetizers.  When we walked in the hostess was hesitant on seating us on the roof if we weren't going to eat. We said we weren't sure yet. It wasn't like it was full - there was perhaps 2 tables seated up there. So she finally sat us up there and we might have ordered food except service was so slow.  I don't think we'll return.
Great karaoke spot. Little area that can get high energy real quick. I'd love to come for the food sometime but honestly can't offer a review on that. 

It's a good starter place for a good night out, if not for the whole night.
I decided to go out to eat next door at Timmy V's, sadly they were packed so I decided to try The Grapevine, and I will definitely never go again. I actually ended up not eating much, I ordered a Pina Colada and an appetizer and was so not feeling it I just paid and left. I was only in the place for about 15 minutes, service was slow, my drinks had massive chunks of ice in it, making it hard to even drink, I will not be back. Sad day.
Very nice patio upstairs, great place to sit back have a drink and dinner watch the sun set. The bar is a little loud so just make sure you re prepared, they had music as well playing so a conversation at the table might be a little hard. so the food is tasty, the blacken' blue burger was a hand pressed patty of meat not your frozen perfect shaped patty which i hate. The fries were just fries nothing special that i could tell, i've also tried the Mahi Mahi sandwich which was also good. If you find yourself here in the cooler months of the year you'll love the patio and find it hard to want to leave. The service was a little slow but i'm typically a little more tolerable than most when it comes to slowness.
Don't come here before 10 pm on a Friday night unless you want to listen to old ladies singing oldies songs. We were a fun group that stopped in at 8:30ish to listen to some karaoke, and it was a disaster. A bunch of blue hairs reliving their glory days and terrorizing the ears of everyone in the restaurant. I'll come back here when I'm 60. The service was also pretty bad, I remember looking back to find out server and just saw her sitting at the bar top doing nothing. On a Friday night in a bar? Really lady?
Hopefully they like your song choices or else you will buy drinks while waiting to get your name called.. The table next to us got here after us and submitted their song choices after us and got to perform before us.  Geisha Go Go is better and you'll spend the same amount and actually get to sing!
I hate to leave a bad review because we went there tonight because I love karaoke  and that part was fantastic. however, this place really needs new bartenders. I think she said her name was mia, it was loud and hard to hear, but she was awful from the minute we got there. I arrived with a group of 7 people who  all ordered drinks. She acted like we were a nuisance to her and gave us dirty looks the whole time. When we asked her for drinks she rolled her eyed and scowled. My fianc is super sweet and thought she was having a bad day so he tried to cheer her up by complimenting her and  trying to make her laugh but she shot him dirty looks. There was only one other group there and they were obviously wasted. They could barely sing anymore and just kept bouncing around  and goofing off, which is normal for a bar. Except that she treated us like outsiders that didn't belong there. My friends went to cheer and spilled a tiny bit of beer because the glass was full. They were nice enough to apologize and clean it up and Mia told them they have to leave cause they were breaking things. There were 7 of us and not one person saw anything broken.. Just a few drops of beer that they so graciously cleaned up themselves. Mia said she didn't wanna clean up after us so we had to leave. At this point I decided she didn't deserve the nice tip my friend left on the counter. I told her to take it back, and the other bartender, an overweight brunette who's name I don't know, heard me and snatched it up quickly before I could. I had to tell Mia directly that she  gave us the worst service ever and I cannot allow my friend to tip her. She reluctantly gave it back. It takes this much for me to not tip someone. I'm a huge tipper. I work for tips too so I understand how this works, but I would never treat clients like she treated us. I earn my tips. This was literally the worst service I have ever had. 
Mia needs to find a new career because service  and friendliness are not her forte.
The first Filipino establishment I visited in Las Vegas.  Nothing particular stands out at this place. If you've been to a Filipino Restaurant/Karaoke place before, you'd find the same things here. 

The food was ok...and the service was prompt. It was pretty dead for a Thursday night though.
Went to Cafe Moda to meet up a whole bunch of guy friends at about 2am on a Friday night.  Located off Spring St, a few miles from the strip.  The place was free, drinks were cheap (wait...did I pay for drinks?), girl was yacking in the stall next to me, LOADS of empty tables, good music which transitioned to BAD karaoking... all this adds to 2 measly stars.  

It was a good conversation piece later, I must say.
Pretty cool Kareoki/Nightclub Filipino joint where they serve the best Sisig I've ever tasted. Their sisig is not your typical sisig made out of chopped-up pork head but it's made from crunchy pieces of fried pork meat and skin, mixed with onions and their special sauce, served in a sizzling hot plate. 

Went here at 2am on a Saturday night and this place was packed.  Waited for a few minutes to get a table but they have a full bar while you wait.  Good place to grab a late night snack and have a few drinks while people watching with your friends.  We even noticed a few white guys and some bruthas hanging out in search of their next Filipina GF or wife..haha.  Place opens till 5am so I was pretty surprised to see a lot of "uncles" and "aunties" here partying that late! Crazy!
You ever found a place that felt like Cheers?  Well, that's what this place is to me.  CafeModa-eers!  Every time I walk in I'm greeted with friendly bouncers, servers, and bartenders who have all become more than acquaintances.  It got to the point where I was there every day just to hang out.  I had graduated to being a local drunk of Vegas and had a favorite bartender, Angel.  I just can't get enough of this place.  I've had to pull myself away from here just because I started forgetting about everything else.  It was a place to escape all realities.  

Luckily, they decided to be smoke free, it smells so much better and you still come out smelling like the way you came in unless you've danced the night away and just sweated all over the place.  Not like before when smoking was permitted, I hated the way I smelled after coming out.  The music is a mixture of r&b, rap, and some dance music.  Ordering food is easy as I pretty much like everything they have to offer like the sisig, garlic fried rice, tapsilog, and losilog.  Food is served till late so you can even go to the clubs first and then go to Cafe Moda to eat after.

The best days and times to go if you're looking for dancing and a good atmosphere with young people are Ladie's Nights on Wednesdays/Thursday mornings, Friday nights, and Saturday nights.  But, any other night if you're feeling up to singing, "Like a Virgin" it's all a great night for it.  I've had my fair share of Selena's, "Dreaming of you" after some Jack and Cuervo.
I'm not Filipino, but it didn't matter, went with some colleagues as a 'completed training' celebration.  They ate, I got their too late, but what was left looked REALLY good.

The music was great, but being from NYC (we're not big on Kareoke) it was a little strange and it died out A LOT once the singing started.

Everyone was very nice, even go to dance some salsa!!!

Anyway, had a great time regardless.  Would go back.
I'm in Vegas, and where does our group end up going?!  A freakin' Filipino "disco", "just like the ones in the PI" my friends told me...  ew.  Granted, it was fun for the first 2 hours, but the folks there don't get sick of dancing to the same rap songs being played over and over.  They serve food, although our group didn't have any.  

The good:  No cover.
The bad:  being in a filipino nightclub while in Vegas
The ugly:  being here for more than 4 hours, nasty people practically having sex on the dancefloor, doing it to Flo Rida's "Low".
We ended at this place my first night in a recent Vegas trip. Obviously my local friend was the one who knew about it. All I gotta say is craaazzy man. It's a great feeling to stuff yourself full of rice and sisig after a night full of drinking at the club. Food was good, and drinks were cheap. The crowd is majority of Filipino people from young and old. Plus mix in a few black and mexican heads. 

Moda is a Kareoke bar first and foremost, but they do play hiphop inbetween sets and people usually get down on the dancefloor. It's a great place if you're looking to shock your filipino friends with something new hahah!

Oh yea watch out for the uncle who wants to be your best friend and the guy who tries to dance with ladies in his dress shoe and white socks =X!
Came here on a trip to Vegas with a group of friends. We had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry. The boys suggested Cafe Moda since they went there the last time and raved about the sisig. So we took cabs to Cafe Moda, which is off the strip. When we got there, there were groups of people outside the door. Inside, we waited to be seated. There was a nice fire at the front and considering how cold it was outside, it was nice to stand in front of it. We were seated withing 2 minutes. It was super dark inside and I couldn't really see other people but there were lots. People were dancing on the dance floor and the DJ was pretty good!

We ordered drinks for each of us (have to if you're in Vegas) and the 2 plates of chicken wings, 2 plates of sisig, and 1 plate of fried rice. My drink was really strong (jack and coke) so it's good to know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. Our food came but they only gave us 1 sisig. We didn't mind though because we got full off the rest of food. Every dish we had was excellent and we polished everything off quickly. We definitely left very satisfied. Didn't stay for any dancing though because we were tired.

The next night, we ended up at Cafe Moda again because we were all hungry at 2am after going to a club. Ordered wonton soup, chicken wings, more sisig, and regular steamed rice. The wonton soup was really flavorful and I thought it was one of the best wonton soups I've ever had. Hmm Filipino wonton soup better than any Chinese wonton soup I've ever had?... yes even though I'm Chinese, I had to admit it. It was damn good! The sisig had too much onion this time because every bite I took had an onion taste... didn't enjoy it as much.

Overall, can't wait to come back to Cafe Moda for the food. It's a small little club too but I wouldn't come here just to dance.
I was just happy to find out there was a place in Vegas where i can eat tosilog. I didn't know what i was walking into after we left the club to go eat, i was expecting a little restaurant but ended up walking into another club that just served food still. Food was really good and and the drinks weren't that pricey. I didn't see any karaoke singing but the music sure was loud. This will have to be the new after club breakfast spot from now on.
Restaurant/Karaoke/Dance Club in one? Fun Filipino atmosphere where the old folks and young kids can all hang out and have a good time. The place was kind of dingy with dimmed lights and loud music. The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles, disco ball, and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were. 

As for dinner, I gotta give it to them and say that it was quite tasty. I was satisfied with everything that was ordered and pretty much licked the plate clean - totally murdered it. We ordered:

Tosilog (pork with fried rice and fried egg) - $9.95
Sisig (shredded pork w/ onions n' mushrooms on a sizzling plate) - $12.95
Sizzling Black Pepper Chicken - $10.95
Garlic Fried Rice $7.95

Service: I thought was okay, not friendly at all, our waitress was kind of stuck-up'ish. We ordered water to start off with and she came back with six bottles of the small 0.5L Arrowhead Bottle water which were at $3 a pop - that's $18 for just water! (This is the kind of water that I can get for 50 at 7-Eleven). We flagged her down and told her we wanted tap water (the free kind that comes in a glass), but she told us they didn't serve tap water - which didn't make ANY sense because "later" on that night I saw people at the next table over with tap water! And on top of that, I too was able to get water from a different waitress so that totally pissed me off!!!

Note: She quickly gave us our checks before we were even done eating and told us we had to pay because she had to clock out. The rude part was when she came back with our cards and waited for us to sign the checks and see how much we were going to tip her. The next thing you know, she was changed into her hoochie-mama outfit and was on stage doing karaoke! (I guess someone was in a hurry to go sing).
Scale 1-10,I give them 1/2.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
So Cafe Moda is a tiny little club on Jones and DI off the strip.  The place is kinda crammed with very little wiggle room because of the dance floor and restaurant tables taking up most of the space.  The food features all types of Filipino fare all night long. 

The DJ was good and the place was your typical Saturday night crowd in Vegas..... Only reason for a non-five star was the pricy menu.  Other than that Cafe Moda is a great late-night spot.
5 Stars just for their SISIG! Nothing compares. I was visiting my bff in Vegas in November and we were suppose to go to Body English.I forgot my ID at her house so went back to Henderson to get it and kinda pooped so decided to go to Cafe Moda instead. My bff had been here before and said they had a dj. It was a Sunday night...so they actually didn't have a DJ that night. It was pretty empty (it was around midnight). They did have kareoke. I wasn't even hungry. All we ordered was the sisig because she told me how good it was. It was delish. I ate so much even though I already had dinner. We shared one plate and even had left overs that we ate the next day for lunch. Going to Vegas this weekend and Cafe Moda and their delish sisig is on my must-do-list and it will be every time I go to Vegas. Service was pretty good. And um...the kareoke music was horrible. lulz. But I'm not much of a kareoke kinda gal.
While Cafe Moda isn't as popular as it used to be a couple years ago, it's still pretty full on the weekends.  The crowd is a on the older side and there are often parties set up there.  You can eat and drink first and then either karaoke or dance to whoever's singing.  The dance floor is a decent size and the dinner tables can be large enough for a good-sized group.

The restaurant/bar is located right at the Spring Mountain/Jones intersection across from the 168 grocery market.  There's plenty of parking available in the strip mall.  Since Moda isn't too far down Spring Mountain, oftentimes I'll just head down there after a night on the strip to get some sig sig and beer before heading home.
After a night of drunken debauchery, friends and I were all craving Filipino food. And thank gawd, I came up with the brightest of ideas and yelled out "Cafeeeee Modaaaa." -- I swear, that was, like, the best idea of the new year for me.

Our party of 10+ left (crappy) Haze and went to Cafe Moda on a Saturday night @ 2am. And, boy, were we pleased.

The music was hip hop and R&B -- better than the last place we were at *cough*cough*
The dancefloor wasn't crowded -- we could dance/walk clearly; forget that we were dancing next to old men (tatas) and old women (nanas)
And they had food there -- *sisig, plabok, lumpia

*Granted our breathe was crazy from the onions in the sisig but, we really did dance our asses off...

I woke up smiling and talking with friends about "how fun last night" was =)


I highly recommend doing this if you wanna end your night on a different kinda of bang-bang-BOOM!!!
The food has got to be the best filipino food I've had in Vegas!  Sisig dish is the best sisig anywhere, hands down!  So crispy and yummy! (i had to edit this and say the sisig is BANGIN'!!!) Ask for extra jalapenos.  Filipino breakfast dishes are so good, especially with garlic rice.  

The atmosphere... well, I think the food and entertainment alone make up for it.  Fun laughs and fun times guaranteed!
Cafe Moda is the most fun place to sing, dance, laugh, drink and eat the best Sisig and yes, extra Jalapenos please! Crispy Pata is as delicious as it should be with a crisp at each bite! The lumpia's are pretty good, garlic fried rice is tasty and as Filipino as it can get and the sinigang is delectable!

This place is also a Filipino Karaoke bar folks, so be prepared to be in a very loud, entertaining venue and with the Nanay's and Tatay's doing the cha-cha and bringing sexy back! You never know, you might just catch a drunken girl trying to do a stage dive into the dance floor after singing or screaming her heart out!! 

And here is a big tip....don't let the little Filipino guys or girls intimidate you if you are not Filipino and walking in alone. Yes, Filipinos do stare but mostly because they want to eat you! Just kidding....we stare because we want to know what you are wearing, so smile back and if the stares don't go away....offer them a drink and they just might be your best companion or compadre for life!  :-)
One of pretty good place to hang out with friends on Friday night! You can dance, sing on the stage and/or eat, drink on the side...while watch others 'being happy' on the stage :)

One full bar right after you enter this place, then stage in the middle and many tables around! Live is here on Friday (at least on Weekends I think so) ! I love their Filipino karaoke (even I couldn't understand at all), and they also have so many English songs (even issued many many years ago) !

Parking is hard to find because this plaza still has Korean karaoke and Chinese karaoke places + massage + one Chinese restaurant, which open very late....
I've been here 3 times, not by choice, and I have not ever left this place happy. It's a late night hang out with karaoke, food and alcohol... You always expect, any place that has a karaoke machine, will have people who think they can sing or people that are so drunk that they think they sound awesome. I'd never return if it weren't for the people that we hang out with, I'd NEVER return here. My most recent visit was last night and here's the play by play... 

Right when you walk in, it smells like rotten eggs. There's is usually someone there, bouncer type person, usually LARGE and in charge. From watching the rumors, I've heard that they've had to to hire more security due to the "Fights" that break out there-- GHETTO. Then you're walked over to your table, keep in mind that the place is so dark. I get it, there's a dance floor and you want the lighting so low to hide the fugly-ness of your patrons but c'mon... You have a bunch of drunktards roaming around in this cramped restaurant, give the place some light! 

We were greeted by this grumpy, older Pilipino lady dressed in the most casual of clothes. She took our orders and brought over our food and that's it. Soo the services sucks booty. 

So, to deal with the music, karaoke and the dumb drunk people that go there, I drown myself in alcohol, which makes me visit the restrooms more times than I'd like. EVERY TIME I GO HERE, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE RESTROOMS. The first time I went there, there was water all over the floor, which I believe was from the toilets, ew! On my next visit, the toilet was broken and they didn't put a sign on the door to tell you "HEY! Don't pee in here... Or crap, cos it ain't goin to go where it needs to go!" This last time that I was there, the locks fricking didn't work in the stalls so I accidentally walked in on someone and then someone almost walked in on me, luckily I was holding the bottom of the door closed so, sorry, no free shows! 

Ok, the FOOD. I miss pilipino food, being from San Diego, there is a plethora of this cuisine to choose from. There aren't many selections here in the desert so I was SO disappointed in their food and the fact that good Pilipino food is hard to come by out here. I had the Tapsilog... First of all the rice had no taste... It had the look and smell of fried rice but it was in no way close to tasting like fried rice. The tapa looked like it was burnt to a crisp and-- you know how meat looks like if you fry it for too long? Yep, that's what it looked like, gross and inedible. I was hungry and a little buzzed so I ate it anyway. It tasted like day old meat that they flash fried to pass off as fresh. It was horrible. And, my companions had the Tosilog... And ended up throwing up and having the runs. 

The next time that I receive an invite to go to this establishment, I am going to give them a BS excuse or flat out "HELL NO". 

Gross, gross food.
Not too far from the Vegas strip, live entertainment, down home Filipino soul food... and open late at night! Aside from going to family or cooking myself, I wouldn't go anywhere else in Las Vegas to satisfy my late night cravings for adobo, sisig, sinigang, crispy pata AND karaoke!
The food here is so good.  If you are going to try one thing here, please try the sisig.  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!

Their sisig is not the typical one that you would get anywhere else.  Sisig is supposed to be various pork meats (I'm not even mentioning what cuts of pork it is) with peppers and spices with a side of lemon, served on a sizzling platter.  Their version is what I would call chicharrn chopped up into smaller pieces.  But nonetheless...it saves me time from picking out the "bad" pieces of pork, and instead lets me enjoy it instead.

Their sisig, or whatever is should be called is delicious!!!

It can get "ghetto," depending on the night you come in.  It's pretty much hit-or-miss.  One night, it was "tango" themed.  Pretty cool watching the couples dance formally.  Some nights it'll be middle-aged women getting their groove on.  Not a pretty picture.  But other than that...nothing like good food and cheap entertainment from the karaokers to get the night rolling.
The sisig was top notch...also had the combo fried rice--not too shabby. I could do without the extra bass from the speakers and bad dancers tho--I wouldn't go there again at 4am...probably during the day so I can fully enjoy my meal
Despite the rave reviews about the sisig, I don't think I'll ever make a trip back here.
The overall "ambiance" (if you can call it that) is not very inviting, in my opinion. It's dark, with minimal decor, and "party" style tables. The "bouncer" there was just chillin' at the bar, and the bartender was just as inattentive to any potential customers coming through the door.

I went on a weekday at about 8 in the evening? The only people in there was a group that consisted of about 4 older Filipino men, I'd say around... hmm mid 30s to early 40s, and a bunch of young girls... somewhere around their 20s? Them,  and a middle aged couple. 

Anyways, I was having a good time with my 2 girlfriends, singing karaoke and such. I was stoked because I actually got the couple to slow dance when I sang "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. My friend Amber sang a Britney Spears jam, just so I wasn't hogging the mic... well, I was up there for the 3rd time, since uh, there was no one else in there, and our other friend, Maria didn't want to sing, then SUDDENLY, as I was approaching the last lines of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor the "DJ" cuts my song off, and decides to introduce one of the girls sitting with the Filipino Mafia, or whatever, saying she has a CD coming out. 

Really? Well, whatever... Perfect timing. Just when Amber was about to tip the DJ he cut me off.. NO MORE! Not since he pulled that stunt. 

So I sat down with my friends, and we attempted to listen to this girl's supposed skills on the mic, and I have to say, I'm not the best singer, but I was definitely better than her. 

I'm giving this place one star, NOT ONLY for the horrible DJ, but for the horrible service, and UNDER SERVICED restrooms, not to mention the uncaring workers.
This Pinoy joint was mad fun. Not alot of these places in Seattle, so I had to just check this place out. 

We were there on a night when there was a 70th birthday party going on. So that alone was entertainment enough. We sat at the bar and the bartender made good drinks. He made me a "bartender's special" which he says had like 5 types of alcohol. It was good and definitely not watered down. Although it tastes like a fruitified long island. 

My other half was stoked that there was San Miguel. The sisig was good. 
The lumpia on the other hand did not seem or taste real. It was like store bought ready to fry lumpia. What's up with that yo? 

Other than the fake lumpia, this place was fun. Nothing classy about it ... but not too trashy. My friends who are Vegas locals however did warn us that one of their friends got shanked like 50 times ... so .... that kind of put us on some type of alert. We didn't stay too long. But good times nonetheless.
5 stars!! This late night cafe is the go-to spot after clubbing all night long. Not very pretty on the outside and not a whole lot better looking in the inside, but what I like about this place is the SISIG, the Resident/house DJ, and the fact that I feel like I'm truly at a late night club in the Philippines. 

The food is deliciously pricey, but that's okay when you're splitting the tab with your entire party. I suggest getting the sisig!! 

The DJ is the best spinning DJ ever, and no, I'm not kidding. 
 
In between all the food, drinks and music... KARAOKE is obviously not ignored. this part of the cafe makes it feel like home. 

Every time I'm in LV I make sure I visit this place.
It's really dark inside because of the "club" feel.  I wish there was more lighting than the little candles they put on the table.  Also, the music is really loud, so I wouldn't bring a date here.  You literally have to yell to each other if you want to say something.  Also, you have to put up with the karaoke divas.  Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not.  It's a risk you have to take.  The dance floor was dead, but that's because none of the music was hype.  Lol.

Aside from all that, the food is really good!  They make hella good sisig.  Also their crispy pata is good too!  I tried their pancit a while back and had no complaints.  There's not many places to get sisig in Vegas, so this place can satisfy that craving.  Good food, just some things you have to put up with.. ^_^
Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess. 

I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodle/bok choy/noodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour. 

Pass.

BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat?!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her? Pttht.
Writing a review on this very day after experiencing the infamous Cafe Moda I heard so much about just hours before on a Friday night.  It was my first time and reason of my presence there, it was the meeting point my friend Will suggested before heading out.  

Being filipino it just seemed natural to at least try this place once since it's so popular with my race.  Came here at about midnight and the moment I stepped in I felt like i was back in the army stationed in South Korea haha.  So much ladies of the filipino ethnicity being escorted by old white males. I thought the beer prices would match the interior of this place but I was wrong.  Still $4.50 which I thought was still too high for a place that looked like this.

While waiting, I also decided to order something to eat.  Just wanted to kill time while waiting for my buddies. Ordered a calimari.......not that good and the sauce that came with it was some type of vinegar that made my breath funky.  So bad that even the fresh off  the boat ladies didn't wanna talk to me.  I would recommend this place to the older asian generation and any looking to find and older partner to leave with it.

BTW, I joke around half of the time so I apologize if I offended anyone by the fresh of the boat description of this place.  I'm fresh of the boat too, from the Titanic tour of Luxor I experienced with the yelp crew.
Never fails.
We come for food and end up dancing the night away. Hahah
And this time we even had the balls to sing some karaoke!

LOVE. THIS. PLACE!
We heard so much about this place that we wanted to check it out before a show that night.  What I really like about this place is that the staff is really friendly and very accomodating.  There was some kind of event going on Saturday night and the restaurant was hosting a private event.  The host said that they could squeeze us in.  The put out a table for us and found some extra chairs to fit 6 people in the corner.  I liked that they didn't want to turn away business.  Sisig-pork belly was awesome and so was the sinigang.
Whenever I step foot in this place, it's like I'm in the Philippines.... It's interesting.  I've been here a few times to grab a drink and maybe dance a little.  It's funny that you can get some sisig and two feet away there are people getting down on the dance floor.

The drinks are slightly overpriced in my opinion.  But the resident DJ actually plays some pretty good hits... mixed in with a little bit of electric slide and its bound to be a good time (for like 20 minutes, then I'm done).  The crowd is also bit on the older side.  However, if you're looking for a non-pretentious place to just have a quick drink and dance to some good music (especially if your Filipino), this is an OK place to go.
Are you kidding me?!?! this place is the Shit! After Tao we were hungry so our friend (local) suggested Cafe Moda. The Sisig makes my mouth water as i type this..that good! I was blown away by the music selection. By far one of the best DJ set for Late 90's-2010's. The crowd is mixed (young and old) but everyone got along. No drama. Drinks and food were affordable and staff was excellent.
Wow is all I can say...I came for the food and ended up staying for the pure entertainment of watching Lola's on the dance floor...
Gentlemen- if you have that Asian persuasion thing going then you might want to check this place out..

It's true what everyone says- it's really dark in there, I had to use my cell phone light to see what I was eating half the time.  It was pretty empty when we arrived at 9pm on a Weds night, even though it was their 7th Anniversary celebration.  We sat down and ordered just as they were starting up the Karaoke session.  

We ordered:
Ox Tail soup- pretty bland but vegetables and ox tail was good
Kare Kare- a stew with ox tail and peanut butter and veggies...sounds kinda gross but was actually pretty good, it comes with a shrimp paste you can add to the sauce to give it more flavor.
Mike Bihon- rice vermicelli noodles and thicker udon like noodles stir fried with vegetables, it was okay
Sisig- fried finely chopped pork bits/parts brought out on a sizzling plate.  This one was pure awesomeness if you like that sort of thing. You squeeze lemon on it and eat with rice and its a good night...

Well- the karaoke started and I just about threw up my food..not from the food itself but more of the shrieking and how loud and bad some of the singers are...geez...thank god karaoke was ending at 11pm that night..there was not going to be enough shots for me to be able to deal with that all night long...I mean, it was funny laughing at some of these people but some were up there like they were all auditioning for American Idol!

Once the dancing started, that's when things really took off!! They play a combo of hip hop, R & B, house, trance, techno...it was hilarious watching people of all ages out on the dance floor and the get-ups of some of these folks...

Next time, I'm bringing my friends from SF here!  The food was good and the entertainment was even better! I will for sure be back!!
Went here strictly for the sizzling sisig, and it did not dissapoint! However, I was not into the atmosphere. I guess on the weekends it turns into a Filipino disco disco complete with a DJ that mixes songs together without letting them play all the way (so Pinoy). It was dark as hell in there, so I could barely see what I was eating. But you know what, that damn hot, sizzling, citrus pork dish made it all worth it.
So I was in Las Vegas for business.

Yes. Business.

No, I'm serious. Business, you heathens.

Aiight and a LITTLE BIT of pleasure. I mean c'monnn son! It's VEGAS.

So I'm eased in! Cool. Like I am. Chillin'. (Lol RIP Bernie Mac). Just came out the Mark Curry show, which was MAD hilarious! But I really wanted to touch base with my local fam in the Sin. So I tagged the cousin, and she says to meet her at Moda, where another relation of ours works the door. Awww snap! FAMILY DISCOUNT! hahahaha.

So I get in and it's like...being back at Serramonte Mall. HAHAHA! HELLLA Filipino folks! I mean, there were a few other spots of colors here and there, but Manilla was in the building! LOL (hey, I love my PI people! Manny #1! haha). 
The floor was packed with some maddd fly females and the occasional dude who has NO CLUE as to what dance to do when the music starts up. I almost was about to call the medics for this one Asian dude who started this weird jerking, body-stuttering motion. I wasn't sure if homeboy was feelin the groove or having a seizure. But tell me why homeboy had like 3 of the baddest ladies dancing around him!? HAHAH! So I wasn't mad though..well not that much lol. 
There was this one cute female though who kinda creep'd me out though because no one wanted to dance with her. So she decided to play Go-Fish and just dance AROUND dudes and hope one would turn around and hit their Dougie on her. That was a negative. LOL! This one cat was hittin the Cat Daddy and she got behind him and started mimic'n his movements..but HORRIBLY OFF. She kept trynna edge around so he'd see her and they'd dance, and this foo just rotated the same direction to avoid eye contact. HAHAHAH!! Priceless!

Cousin then ordered hella food! Some beef sigsig, garlic rice, and pork adobo. I didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. But it smelled deiricious! (I know what I typed)

But overall, the place was mad chill. No drama popped off like it usually does at spots around the Bay (I mean, not that I know of. I don't really do the nightcrawler bid. LOL Seriously!) The staff was coo..the only problem was the DJ. He was WHACCCK!! And he kept hoppin on the mic to talk over the music. Wadda doooofus. LOL. So I dropped a star. But still, if you're Filipino or even from Daly City/South City and you're visitin Vegas, this is a decent local spot away that'll make you feel at home and it away from the strip and good for easing into ya evening till the wee AM hours.

Done!
This is one of my very few reviews that don't have any photos, as I usually include visuals with my reviews.

Lookit, here's what happened-We were curious to try their Sisig after hearing other yelpers rave about it.

As we step inside, Loud ass music is blasting away and already I can sense this is not gonna be good. As we're taken to our table, across the room, a wedding is going on!?!?!

Totally felt like wedding crashers, and there was NO WAY we were gonna have a decent meal/conversationn with all these distractions.

As the wedding party got up to do the Electric Slide, we got up and headed for the door and headed next door for cover at China Mama.....ALOHA!!!
The sisig is great along with the nightlife.
Ok atmosphere ... Yeah it needs improvement! But who cares! The food is good here! Plus they got a couple cute workers and the vibe us chill; weather it be karaoke or a club night. For me I just go for the food! Hahaa!
There is only one reason to go to Cafe Moda and that reason is the sisig. I haven't been to Cafe Moda to experience the nightlife. I figure if I want to hear some really bad singing I could go to any Filipino party where they have a Magic Mic. 

The decor definitely needs updating... when you walk in, it's like you're stepping back into the 80's. There's a dance floor and a stage in the middle of the restaurant. The restaurant is rented out sometimes for private parties but they still welcome other patrons even though there is another function going on. The first time I went here, there was a huge family reunion and they were showing videos and a slideshow of that family. It felt like we were party crashers but we made the best of the situation.

I usually order Kare Kare and sisig... both are really good and keep me coming back. If you want to avoid bad karaoke, go when they open, around 5 pm.
went here to celebrate a friend's 40th birthday on the last day of 2010! they had a table of filipino food goodness including a whole roasted pig (lechon)! the restaurant was equipped with a sound system, dj booth, a large dance floor and a full bar! it's a nice place tucked in chinatown of las vegas. nevertheless, i heard the sisig was good here but never had the chance to try it this time around.
The first time I came to Cafe Moda, I was a little skeptical of going in based on the looks of this strip mall. For some reason, this place was poppin'! It was a Night Club, Restaurant, and Karaoke Bar in one! The DJ was pretty good (and I'm picky with my DJ's). They have a pretty good sound system. Karaoke, well, it's open to everyone and not everyone can sing. Best thing about this place: SISIG!!!
For a Cheap fun night we come here.  Drinks are cheap and filipino food is delish.  Random: SUSHI! Filipino food and sushi is kind of good you know!

The DJ, is ok but the karaoke is funny.  It's fun to watch Filipinos (I'm filipino myself) sing Karaoke.  They just make it entertaining.  They always feel like it's the stage of American Idol when in reality they had one too many drinks and one plate too many sisig.

But this is a must stop for me!
I give them 5-stars because they have an all-night kitchen, they're open late, the waitresses are friendly, though a bit pricey the food portions are huge, the liquor/beers are reasonably priced, the dance floor is spacious & well-laid out, often they have a DJ though sometimes someone's singing karaoke (which I loathe) and even on weeknights it can get festive whereas the rest of Chinatown is dead.
The Calamarie is Amazing!
The main complaint first, then a review of everything else.  I attended the birthday party of a nice married couple at Cafe Moda.  They made reservations for up to 12, but for most of the evening, there was only 9 of us.  To seat us all, they had to move two tables for six side by side.  As the night wore on, a large group of people came in, and wanted to sit together.  The solution of the waitstaff was to move our group of 9 to the table of six.  Without telling us a thing, they began to move all the food down to one end of the table, then tried to have us shift down toward the end.  Well, if you can imagine it, some of us were still eating food, and would have to move our plates to where someone else was just eating...no cleaning the spot, nothing.  I don't know what the extra three people were supposed to do in this scenario, it wasn't explained.  Well, at the time I was raising hell about being moved from a table I was eating at because another group arrived and wanted my space, two more from our group arrived, and then we had 11 of the 12 slots filled.  They decided not to move us, but they did communicate to me, that because I was loud (having to complain over loud music, a normal tone of voice would not be heard) they thought of cashing us out and making me leave, at least.  I'm not sure if the intent was to completely ruin someones birthday or not.  Anyway, they made it clear that I was wrong.  Me. The customer.  The guy that was eating food at a table with my friends.  A guy that was ready to pay the bill for the food, table and service.  To their credit, they did not make me leave.  I was informed that they had to change waitresses because I raised a stink.  Clearly, the customer was quite wrong.

Now to review the rest.  The new waitress was capable and attentive.  The music for dancing was fine.  The place had good energy.  I had fun.  I've had the food on four prior occasions, and while I'm not an expert on Filipino food, I've had enough to know that it's the worst of what I have eaten.  Maybe, somewhere, there is a Filipino restaurant with worse tasting food.  When I find it, I'll let you know.  The portions are large, but so is the price.  A quick word about the sisig...I've eaten it, and it's dry and chewy.  That's not how it is served in the Phillipines.  I'm not quite sure what sisig the other reviewers have eaten, but this is just plain bad.  For the adventurous person not deterred by this review, feel free to eat here so long as you are flexible enough to move with your food to another table if someone else wants take your spot.
Nice place to hang out and have a drank on, karaoke, Dj with  a dance floor. The staffs are awesome! The sig sig is out of this world
"You guys wanna go to this place that serves sisig until 4am??"

It was precisely what me & my friends wanted to hear on a Friday night/Saturday morning after being at Vanity nightclub. 

Whaaatt?? Sisig? This late at night? Good lawwd.... Yes, pls. 

It's on the corner of Spring Mountain & Jones a little bit past Chinatown. It's not the most attractive place from the outside but I could care less. The food was great, the service was good and the music was dope. We were tripping out the whole night on where we were, what we were eating and what we were listening to.

This isn't a family restaurant. It's 21 & over... More like Bayanihan in Los Angeles back in the 1990s. Our friend who's a local in LV now, brought us to Cafe Moda and we're so glad he did. We were seated at a big table near the small dance floor. Yes, dance floor... complete with fog machine and cheesy disco lights. Awesome! 

Not too long after we were seated, they brought our table bottles of Red Horse beer and San Miguel beer. Hahaha... Our local friend was familiar with the menu and we let him order everything. My mouth is watering a little bit thinking back on the late night meal we had there... We had sisig which was delicious, served on a sizzling plate and we liberally squeezed calamansi on it to top it off. Yup, mouth still watering... We also had lechon kawali which was cooked perfectly and had the requisite Mang Tomas sauce on the side. I would've been good with multiple orders of those 2 pork dishes but more hits were coming.... We also had calamari, pansit bihon, kare-kare, a whole fried bangus (milkfish), lumpia, etc... All the food was delicious. Granted, anything late that night should taste good but if my still-salivating mouth as i type this is any indication of how tasty our dishes were... well, that should be proof enough.

The music was great. They were playing hip hop and r&b classics. It was a live DJ and he definitely kept the dance floor busy. We arrived around 2am, i think, so I'm guessing there were even more people earlier that night. I heard everything from Wu-Tang, Lauryn Hill, Naughty By Nature, SWV, etc.. So many hits from the golden era of hip hop... And to end the night with their last dance they played Jodeci's Come & Talk To Me remix.... WOW. This is what clubs need to do. Play some damn Jodeci at the end of the night. Everyone would leave the spot so damn happy.... no fighting. Strictly on lovemaking missions. HAHAHA....

Cafe Moda might be too hood for some people especially if you're used to eating on the strip or were expecting a Goldilocks type atmosphere. The place is loud, it's dark, the fog machine is out of control... But the music is on point & the food hits the spot.

Be back to Cafe Moda next time we're in town. Lookin forward to it... Mouth is watering, once again.
My friend and I came here just out of needing something to snack on. She mentioned Cafe Moda had some very good salt and pepper wings. So we took a drive to get some. On arrival, there were a lot of people in and out of the establishment which was good. It indicated that there is something good going on here. Well, walked in and realized it was a Filipino establishment which caught me off guard. I figured I was in for a treat because there is a lot to rave about when it comes to Filipino food. Then again I was only there to snack on some wings. Upon arrival, we sat ourselves at a booth overlooking the dance floor and watched everyone dancing and having a great time. It was a mixed crowd as far as the age goes and everyone was friendly, randomly saying hi and smiling. And that's kind of where the pleasantries ended. The staff was very cold. The waitress took our order of calimari and salt and pepper wings. The salt and pepper wings are to die for and the calimari was cooked perfect. The only problem was the customer service. I had to flag the waitress down as she was sitting at the bar. Asked her for another drink and she kept reiterating to me that there were "no free refills", like i didn't hear her the first time or as if i couldn't afford another cup of sprite. Not sure what that was about. I'm not sure what was going on with the staff but I will give this place another chance in the future. Only because my friend said that The service was good last time she was here. 2 Stars is for the overall customer experience. Sometimes the food can't save bad service.
To all filipino food lovers. Do not go to cafe moda. First, the food is too salty and they don't give you enough. My friend had a birthday party here last night and it was the worst birthday she had. The server ROCKY was very rude and unprofessional, she yelled at the 51 year old birthday girl and threatened her.  She changed their agreement because she thought she could make more money. When we asked for the manager there wasn't one. 
So to all those people planning parties there get your money back and go somewhere else. You'll have a better time @ Dennys.
OK, I've been going to different spots and trying their lechon kawali, chicharon bulaklak, and their sinigang na baboy. Cafe Moda is always on point with these three favorite items of mine. The kawali and bulaklak was freaken amazing! Perfect every time! There is nothing left on the plate whenever we get these niblets of heaven. The last time we ate here, for some reason the sinigang was the best sinigang I've ever had. The chef made it a tad bit more sour than usual and we all looked at each other. Their was nothing left in the bowl when the waiter took the bowl away. 

Quality Filipino food here yallz. I'm never disappointed whenever I have a cheat day from the gym.
Cafe Moda is a Filipino Karaoke bar. They serve a variety of Filipino food as well as their own alcohol concoctions. If you order alcohol, insist on ordering a regular drink (i.e. Vodka tonic, Gin and Tonic, etc.) and not their mixes unless you enjoy fruity drinks that are extremely sweet. Although their names for their drinks are interesting such as the "Piece of Ass" which consists of Amaretto, Southern Comfort, and Sweet and Sour Mix, the mix itself is too sweet for my palette.

Cafe Moda is located in a really busy Asian shopping center. Parking is really scarce during peak hours so you may have to park really far away from this place. This was the case when we arrived in the evening.

The setup of this restaurant/bar was interesting. It is essentially one big open space with tables setup surrounding a dance floor and a stage. The people who are sitting at the tables brazenly gaze at the brave soul singing their heart out. I was expecting separate private rooms for karaoke like Korean karaoke places but alas, this place is not like that at all.

Our table ordered a variety of Filipino dishes. I don't know what the names of the dishes were, but the Filipino dishes tasted decent. However, I ordered ceviche (a Latin delicacy) and was quite disappointed. Lime juice is supposed to cook the ceviche but instead, the shrimp was actually boiled in water! Stick with the Filipino dishes as they obviously do not know how to make ceviche. 

There was a live MC that entertained the karaoke and music portion of the entertainment. Initially, there is ambient music in the background playing the latest dance hits from the club, and suddenly, it transitions into someone's karaoke selection. This pattern continues back and forth. If no one wants to sing, the MC will gladly sing a song to fill the void. In addition, the MC frequently sang duet with other singers too which I though was interesting. I liked that the MC was participating and keeping the party alive. 

After a while, the MC lead the group into dancing the electric slide. It was really odd. The only time I have done the electric slide was various company functions. Hence, if you grew up on the electric slide, you would enjoy this. The patrons mostly consisted of Filipinos who love to sing karaoke.
We went with a large group and ordered a bunch of food for 16 people. The food was overpriced and super salty - probably full of MSG. On top of that they charge per soda !!! (No refills - and they only have Coke/Diet Coke & Sprite).

Neither did they accomodate us with our request for upbeat music - our group were the only people in the place.

We will not be back, that's for sure.

Positives: The calamari is super-yummy and we still had a good time as a group
Love this Place..Friendly people, Love the Kareoke and Dancing... Abit too Loud for Dinner but dont mid..:) Dont know if for Family outing ;never been here during the day, but Great for  Late night weekend....Food, Dancing, &Karaoke
This place is a club that serve dine ins as well where their sisig is just to die for.
I really like the place.  I go on Thursday to the ballroom dance night.  They also have it on Monday I believe.  Also, I have eaten there a number of times and everything is excellent.  Good place for a bithday or party especially if your from the Phillipines.
My half-Filipino-ness loves deep-fried pork goodness from this place such as crispy pata and sisig.  Last Friday, my big sis was craving for some sisig.  I've been to Cafe Moda before and have experienced how loud this place gets at night so I suggested we call in a to-go order.  After trying to talk my sister out of eating here, we ended up eating at the bar since the tables were blocked off for a kid's birthay party (yeah, a kid's birthday party on a Friday night).  

As predicted, the place was obnoxiously loud.  The dj had a thick Filipino accent and was saying stuff like "happy bird day (happy birthday with a Filipino accent)...you guys wanna dance IN the dance PLOR?"    *CRINGE!!!*

The food couldn't come soon enough!  Then the dj started urging people to do karaoke!  OH HELL NO!  The server/bar tender was too busy trying to flirt with every guy there and flipping her hair.  This place is stright up tacky! If I didn't love my sister, I wouldn't have eaten here.  But I'm sure she learned her lesson: call for a to-go order!

But then again, their sisig is the best!  The crispy pata is excellent here too.
What? $8 a shot and almost $15 for a drink?! This aint the strip!

Food is good, very Filipino. Actually, it is Filipino! I always get their sisig. Went here during lent and my religious friends couldn't eat pork. Damn it. So tried the chicken sisig instead, it's still delicious and tastes like pork!

2 stars because of the pricing...come on, I consider this place a dive bar. It ain't that classy! Service is aiiggghht. Drinks are aiiggghht. 

Still, 2 stars. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot!
I just came back from studying from the phil. And i felt like i was back in manila when we went to cafe moda. People singing karaoke and feel of the place brought me back to my college days in manila. As for the food, i personally have had better but it the food was good. The serving sizes are american sizes and the price is just right. Cute and friendly waitress. :) cafe moda is a great place to experience the Philippines in Nevada.
Hang here! Mama Lu will take care of you!

A friend and I came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker last Thursday night. I was a little hesitant to come, since parking at this plaza is usually a nightmare. We found a spot right across from Cafe Moda and walked in. There was a bouncer at the door, no cover, and maybe only 8 people in the entire place. The place is a restaurant by day and a karaoke dance floor/bar at night. Despite the small crowd, I had a blast watching the drunk regulars singing their hearts out on the karaoke machine. We chatted it up with the manager and she told us that everyone calls her Mama Lu. She brought us some Sisig to try with our drinks and it was delicious. She introduced us to the other regular customers and the servers and really made us feel at home. I've decided to make this my friendly neighborhood bar! 

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Stop #3 of our Chinatown Crawl...

Caf Moda, I upgraded you, but not by much...I still don't see how people are able to eat/conversate while the music is blasting away.....

It was hilarious seeing a couple of fellow Yelpers(names withheld) get down on the dance floor, and didn't even notice us tucked away in the corner  LOL!
Better music selection with more current hits and I hope they got rid of Electric Slide...I surely doubt it though!  ALOHA!!!
Came here to verify that the sisig was as good as everybody claimed it to be. I gotta say that they were spot on. 

Me and the wifey came on a Thursday night at about 9:15. First thing I noticed as we walked in was the blaring music they were playing and people that were dancing ballroom style. For a second I thought we went in through the wrong door because outside it wasn't marked clearly. 

Once we were greeted by the hostess and was led to our table, we weren't too sure if we should eat there or take our food to go. Since we really didn't want to wait til we got home to eat, we decided to tolerate the club style ambiance and ordered it for there. Im kind of glad we stayed because what happened next was really something you cant forget.

We ordered Pork Sisig and Tokwat Baboy. As we were waiting for our order, we were watching all the peeps that were on the dance floor do their thing. Now I wasn't sure if this was a typical Thursday night because upon looking further, we noticed the crowd was a mix of young and old folks. The DJ was playing a mix of fast moving songs from the 60's to today. Didn't matter what he played, everybody on the dance floor did their thing. What really caught my eye was when they played "Gangnam Style". I kid you not I swear I saw at least 2 old ladies that could have been my grandma doing the dance like they were Psy themselves! Wow. Dinner and a show!

So we finally get our food. If you refer to my pics, these two dishes alone could have fed at least 4 people so we knew we were gonna have leftovers for the next day which wasn't a bad thing. Of course we had steamed rice to go along with it so if you think we were gonna eat it just by itself than you are so wrong.

Service was mediocre. Our server came by every so often to check up on us but it seemed like forever in between those times.

The food itself was definitely worth it just going there. Only thing is, I think its a bit pricey. The Sisig was 13 bucks and the Tokwat Baboy was 11 bucks. At some other Filipino places, it was definitely cheaper.

So in my opinion, if you don't mind the loud, blaring music and the out of tune karaoke singers, then eating here should be ok for you. Otherwise, call ahead and get your food to go.
Went here for a party. They already had all the tables set up with plates and water. I don't really like that. From my entrance intro the building, I already had mediocre opinions on this place. Tap water was disgusting! I don't recommend drinking it at all. I don't even think lemons could save this one! Had to drink soda instead because I didn't want any alcoholic drinks. Food was okay. Karaoke was loud, but people seemed to be enjoying it. Bathrooms were not that great - with the foot traffic, they should at least flush adequately. Nope...

Don't think that I'll return anytime.
Ended my early birthday party here at Cafe Moda since we were shooting pool right nearby couple doors down. I never been here before but went too few of the restaurant in this little shopping mall and always thought from the name of more coffee shop. BOY talk about farther from the truth! It more like club at night. They do serve food but really here too dance the rest of the night away or look at other people getting their grove on. My first impression was I know not no strip club so not expect all the glamour or high tech stuff. They still have dg that was playing all the current catchy songs too some old ones. The place is pretty dark dark and if looking too meet someone good luck, You need night vision goggles too find them. Since low ceiling the place can get fairly loud so conversations need too shout in the ear. (really is it that much difference then club on the strip?). The drinks price I thought was fair but too be honest not much of club club person. I believe they take song requests and certain nights they have karaoke most nights?? The dance floor is actually decent size for the small location. Once it gets packed really hard too find table area so want hang out all night best too get there early. Cafe Moda definitely has its own personality and if looking too mix things up get away from the strip club or the cover charge Cafe Moda great choice. I would go get my grove on here again.
Put your hot shoes on because this place knows how to party! I have never tried Filipino food before until now. Nothing says fun like great food, drinks and music. On some nights its karaoke night and other nights its top 40. Aside from the restaurant side, there is also a full bar. Never have I ever been to a place like Cafe Moda before, I never knew it was such a exciting place to be. They have a huge dance floor in the center of the room to let loose and dance the night away. I also hope you love line dancing ;) !
Updated review: I came here to celebrate my bday with some friends and coworkers (who I trust, shame aint it? lol). I knew what I wanted to eat, Sisig! The food is delish. Ok, one would think with regular ol soda there would be refills right? Boy, was I wrong. Majoring in culinary arts, that's the one thing I learned in purchasing, sodas are the only thing that really dont hurt a business, everything else? yeah. 
Of course I sang a few songs. 

Negative: Small dessert section. Charging extra for refills. Oh if you go as a group and have your check split, Dont count on it. 

I did have a good time at the place, but its rather frustrating to have an establishment not to bend a lil. I mean what are they, AZ when it comes to the new law?

anywho, I have yet to find a good karaoke asian place on the east side o town.
After 2 years of trying to come here late night, I finally made it on a chill Sunday night out.  Drais always wins for the after party...lol.  But, FINALLY, I got to try the infamous sisig that my (once local) BFF raves about....and it did not disappoint.  YUM!  The hot, crunchy sisig here is the bomb.com....and that's sober!  I can only imagine after a night of drunken dancing.  It can get a little salty after awhile, but that comes with the filipino deep-fried food territory.  The lechon kwali is also delish and packs a crunch, which I'm all about!  

All in all, this place is great for food.  It also is/turns into a club for dancing and hosts karaoke...super random, but I can see how it would be a spot for locals or anyone who is over the strip.  Sketchy area, but I will def be back...for food and maybe a song if I ever choose to come here over drai's one night...
I m not filipino but I luv their sisig, it s so good and I want to say it s the best sisig in town
I was duped!!!! Lack of karaoke. DJ talks too much. If I wanted to go to a club, I'd have gone to one. The food is the saving grace.
sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
best karaoke sound system in town!  Sunday through Thursdays are great days to go if you like to sing. Friday and Saturday of you like to dance. they have a club like feel and good people here that work.
If you like ballroom dancing, then this is the best place for a party.  Had a party last week, great time, good food, lots of fun.
Reminded me of my mother and grandmother. Filipino reunion for the win! I love courgars!!!
nice!
It's loud here. Don't come here thinking you can quietly eat and actually enjoy your meal. And hopefully you do not get the corner seat which consists of a coffee table and a sofa or folding chairs which is conveniently located behind the blasting speakers. 
The food gets two extra bonus stars because it's good.
It's a great place to come if you are craving sisig late at night.  Hands down I think they have the best sisig.  I believe you can order it in pork or chicken.  It's perfect with steamed rice and that alone hits the spot.  They have moderately priced drinks, and friendly enough servers.  I almost hesitated to give it three stars because I didn't like the ambience in there.  It feels small and  It's not for me but I would go back for the sisig.
Great Karaoke every Thursday Nigh. 9pm To 2am
Great place to sing Karaoke. Late knight Karaoke 7 Days a week. This is the only place I know in Henderson that does Karaoke every night. M T W starts at midnight Thurs at 8:00p Fri midnight Sat 9:00p Sun 8:00p. Can't sleep, just getting off swing shift looking for a great time, this is the place to go.
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Karaoke-Sing-Karaoke-Las-Vegas-NV-Henderson-NV/106424396088819
So, I have only been here to watch the Battle of the Bands: A fight To Fame that my brothers band was participating in ( and won first place!! --sorry had to brag a little there..hehe). But, I never ate anything here that night. There is a dining area where the stage is, but for this event that whole room is full of ppl and the only place to eat is in the bar room, and that packed with ppl, and bartenders trying to fill drinks and orders and yeaaa, I wasn't in the mood to eat! 

HOWEVER!, the place is decent looking and clean. It seems like a good place to have a drink after work or something. From what I heard that night, the nachos were pretty good. I don't know how good but i heard good things about it. I don't think this review would be too helpful, but I thought I'd just write one anyway! Sorry if I wasted your time :P lol
Good drink prices and a good layout that divides bar and showroom. The nachos are pretty decent too.
This is one of those places you drive past for years and keep saying one day I want to stop off and check the place out.  Well, that day (or night) finally happened.  But it took a Tower of Power tribute band named East Bay Grease to do it.  

My girlfriend and I met our friends in the bar the night of 02/28/11.  The bartender was cute, friendly and promptly brought over our drinks.  My buddy ordered scotch on the rocks and though he didn't complain, the glass was 100% ice with very little scotch.  I ordered a beer - $3.50.  Noticing ash trays throughout the bar, I inquired whether or not cigar smoking was allowed.  I was informed yes by the bartender.  I took out my Arturo Fuente and lit up.  A few enjoyable puffs and 5 minutes later, I saw the familiar whispering and gesturing.  The bartender came over and told me she was just talking to the owner who said cigar smoking was NOT allowed.  Gee - that's why I asked first.  Interesting that the owner himself didn't come up to me.  

Shortly before the band started to play, I asked the bartender to order us some spinach/artichoke dip with chips.  It never arrived.

I grew up listening to Tower of Power and I must say that this tribute band was spot on.  They played all my old favorites over the course of two sets.  I was totally surprised at the lack of people - I counted less than 20.  Despite the fact of the place being so cold inside, this was a totally enjoyable evening.  In my younger years, I used to frequent establishments like this all the time so it brought back some good memories.  I will also be on the lookout for more performances by East Bay Grease.

I noticed slot machines at the bar - but since they don't allow cigar smoking I'll have to gamble elsewhere.  But I will certainly return to watch more great music.
This season E String is promoting themselves as a Chicago Bears bar. I went last Sunday for season opener and they could not get game to stay on allegedly due to Direct TV. I called other bars in the area and the game was playing fine? The graveyard bartender who was getting off work seemed friendly. However, the rest of the staff and place seemed disorganized. It is too bad because I saw a number of customers who use to be regulars at Mugshots when they were a Bears bar. Anyway, I wasn't going to sit and wait to see if they ever got the game on and they seemed rather unapologetic about it and didn't even offer us any incentive to stay. I beat streets to watch the game elsewhere and have no intention of returning. The entrance to the place is pretty dirty which suggests the rest of the place is as well. Ultimately, It seems like they are running the place on a shoestring...name change? LOL.
The music/entertainment room here is fantastic. Food is kinda pricey and just EHHish. Drinks are average prices for the area, but the bartenders are cool and quick to take care of you.
I really wanted to like this place. after i had directed an acquaintance to check this place out one night a few weeks ago, based on his opinion, i decided to check out this place on a friday night. its location is like in the middle of a housing community. the place itself and the decor and theme is good. The bar walls reminded me of hard rock hotel with all the guitars hung up. 

They had a live local rock band playing that night and of course i didn't know since it was my first time and just not even invited me. The place reaks of cigar and cigarette smell.. the place was stuffy so it didnt help the fact that i couldnt breathe. The place was real loud.. 

I would check this place out again if I went with a big group.. otherwise NO..
This is a hell hole! 

I was in town visiting some friends and this is the place they decided to take me. I always forget that not all places are created equal, but I give everything a try. And try I did. A few things through me off...

-There were minors in the bar. The bartenders kept warning everyone that if they were underage to leave because the cops frequent the place. Shouldn't someone be checking IDs?

-I spent $7.00 on and order of fries. They weren't even a good size of fries and they were under cooked.  If you're going to charge me that much for an order of fries I need them to jump off the table and slap me because they are so good.

-The karaoke DJ was obnoxious! he catered to the staff at the bar and spent the other time being pushy about people tipping him.

I'm a good sport, but I'd rather ride the bench.
This place was a blast. I met up with a few of my colleagues on a Tuesday and this place rocked. Cute staff with great attitudes, drinks where brought out quickly (always a plus) and even the other patrons where all in high spirits. I will definitely go there again and recommend it to all my peers.
They have live music occasionally.  It's a small room so it's obviously various local acts.  I happened to see a beatles cover band composed of high school students.  They were pretty good actually.

The food I've seen is pretty sub par.  I got a pizza once, it was thin and greasy.  Hot wings were really wet if I recall correctly.  Don't go here for the food.

The bar is in a separate area, thus the show I went to was an all-ages show which is nice.  Even though I'm well over 21 years old, I remember when I wasn't.  Its a shame to miss out on music because others are drinking.
Hi,
The place is full of attitude, bad attitude!

The Food is marginal at best and definitely NOT wort the trip just to eat.  

At times the entertainment is good, Support your local Musicians.
Awesome chicken wings! I really like this place, karaoke every night. We went on a Wednesday and it wasn't to busy. Good service, would go back.
We came here for an event and my bestfriend and her band were performing for the first time EVAAAAAAAR! 
It was super fun... The bar service was great and good prices on drinks, however the servers themselves were difficult to come by. 
The mozzarella sticks were good too. :))
Went to check out Bruce Harper's Big Band.  What a treat!  16 piece big band full of professional players.  It's not often you get to hear this genre live and it's such a refreshing change from the Vegas Lounge cover band that uses backing tracks.  We'll be back to see this band for sure!  The place was understaffed so I wouldn't recommend going to one of these afternoon shows hungry - it was at least an hour wait for our meal and another 10-15 minutes waiting on the check.  The server was friendly and apologetic.
Worst experience ever. Went for a friends birthday for karaoke. The karaoke guy AC only ever played songs from his friends and never played anyone else! When you went to complain he had a bad attitude and was extremely rude!!! It would have been one thing if his friends were good singers with crowd pleaser songs BUT NO!! It was musical theater (hello Ms Saigon) and slow jams. I wanted to slit my wrists!!! Never again. If I could give it negative stars, I would. I'm also calling the manager to complain.
Stopped by for a drink and to check out the karaoke. The drinks were terrible. Out of the 7songs, 5 were Disney show tunes. It was like being in a kid's clubhouse. Not going back.
I love this place! Everyone, including the other guests, is so nice and welcoming.

I usually only go for karaoke, and my favorite DJ is AC. His nights are Wednesdays to Saturday's. I don't know what the other person is talking about, but when it gets really busy, the wait to sing a song can get up to over an hour. If you want to sing sooner, actually tip the dj. That's how the DJ makes money, and not many people tip well, so if you consistently tip nicely, you won't have to wait AS long as say the other people (like me) who don't tip at all.
And don't be an ass. Assholes probably have to wait longer than everyone else.

I'm only saying all of this as someone who's lived in Vegas forever and actually understand that people are generally nicer to you if you're not an asshole and tip well.

Sonny, the bartender is awesome too. I only met Jenn once but she's sweet and she made this delicious drink that I drank for the rest of the night and then I got really drunk.

Fun times.
Maybe an off day, but the cooks need to learn how to cook. French fries are stale, burger undercooked.
Greg Donnally, Brian Chittenden and Andrew Nam, the team behind Drift and Stingray Sushi, have another restaurant opening on Friday, Feb 22.  Donnally calls it an "Asian Bistro Lounge" and takes his inspiration from the lounges and clubs he saw on a recent trip to Japan.  He says that it is the kind of place where Japanese men go after work to unwind, and to have drinks.

When you enter, you are confronted with brightly lit modern versions of the Pachinko machine.  Pachinko is a cross between the pinball and video slot machines.  They have "private" karaoke rooms which i suspect will be well fueled by the post work drinks.

The menu will have a lot of shareable plates and, of course, sushi.  They also boast a variety of infused sake and shochu.

I'm looking forward to the opening.... Pass me a sake, anyone wanna karaoke?
Took a friend to go and check out one of Scottsdale's newest spots, Geisha a Go Go which just opened on Saturday.  We walked in and were greeted by a Kaitlyn a Bubbly hostess...she introduced us to one of the doorman (who was off of work) and 2 bartenders Logan and Ray.  Again very nice, friendly and Talkative...The place is small.  But nicely decorated.  A large rock is in the middle of the bar area, very Feng Shui, but I wonder what knuckle head is going to try and "climb" it in a drunken stupor. But I couldn't understand why there were 3 very large pictures of Jimi Hendricks, Jim Morrison and Sid Vicious...great rockers, but why?  Two died of a heroine overdose and the other committed suicide.  

 The Karaoke rooms which they have been advertising to rent out by the hour for $50-$100 are very very small with a HUGE tv.  (remember when you were a kid and your mom told you not to sit too close to the tv or you will go blind?!  That is what will be in the back of your mind when you are in the room)

Lets talk food...I have to say, this was NOT one of my new favorites.  First off, Logan made us a "Hello Kitty" cocktail....very fruity, whicj i am not a fan of, but i slowly enjoyed the strawberry martini cocktail. We started with there rock shrimp and soft shell crab small plates.  These items were okay, but too much cilantro on the rock shrimp...We then ordered the grilled lobster spring rolls and tuna/blue crab tartare.  Terrible!  I did not like these items.  Why does everything include cilantro???  I hate cilantro.  I wasn't at a Mexican restaurant.  The spring roills were chewy and more veggies the lobster and the tartare, I had trouble tasting this.  I felt it to be WAY TO fishy!  That to me was scary because tuna does not have a fishy smell...well it would if it was old!!  So that scared me, oh and the seaweed salad atop the tuna was very very salty...

Geisha a Go Go also mentioned that they will be redoing the patio in front to offer outdoor dinning.  This will be completed in the middle of March.  The only reason I would go back would be for a cocktail...I would not recommend the place to dine.
We ate here last night with a friend.  Everyone was friendly and eager to show us what the place was about.  I have to agree about the rock in the middle of the room.  I foresee some drunken frat boy trying to climb on top and really hurting himself.  The room is small and dark with a nice bar area and dining booths surrounding the back of the room.  There is an open window by the bar that lets in some natural light which is nice.

On to the food & drinks.  I ordered the Hello Kitty, which tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.  Between the three of us, we ordered the hot rock ahi tuna, chopped salad with wasabi peas, grilled lobster spring rolls, dumplings, tempura rock shrimp, and teriyaki pork ribs.  

The hot rock ahi tuna was okay, but I had better at Taneko.  I really could not taste any of the lobster in the spring rolls at all, so hard to really rate it.  The teriyaki pork ribs were very nice and tender, falling right off the bone.  The sticky rice they advertised is not sticky rice.  It's just rice.  All of the other dishes were good, not great.

I had a real problem with the portion sizes.  I have had tapas and been to Sea Saw a few times so I am used to the small dishe/sharing concept.  But their portions were inconsistent.  On some dishes, there was enough to share among 3 people (but just barely).  On other dishes, there was only enough for 2.  I guess you will have to double up on everything, but then be prepared for a really large bill!

The karaoke rooms are really small.  You could maybe fit four-five people comfortably.  Any more and I'd imagine you're basically sitting and singing right on top of each other.  

All in all, an okay night.  Our bill came out to about $35/person (before tax + tip).  I felt a little let down, because I love Stingray Sushi and Drift.  So, this was a disappointing 3 stars.  I think I will be back, but only for drinks.
Fuck you, douchebags!

The uppity asshat-ness of the doormen and pretty much everyone in here was at defcon 1. I was really surprised  that it was that bad. The other place  - Stingray Sushi - is awesome. I expected Stingray style service and manners, but was really dissapointed.

The biggest problem was that the "doormen" were rude to a bunch of guys I was with. They said they couldn't come in because of "dress code." They said "no flip flops." This was ridiculous because:

A: They let me in. I was wearing flip flops.

B. They have a wide open window that showed at least a dozen other guys inside wearing flip flops too. No dress code for the dudes inside, but there is a dress code for the guys I was with?

C. A bunch of guys and girls came in wearing flip flops after us

The guys I was with are all well dressed guys who were dressed down after a spring training game. After a little hassle over the flip flops they let us in. We asked the bartender about the dress code and she replied "what dress code." So I asked a manager about the dress code and he didn't seem to know what I was talking about. 

It seems like the bounchers decided just because my friends prefer to wear Lacoste, Puma and Hugo Boss over wearing ED Hardy and those stupid-ass AFFLICATION t-shirt s. 

I guess we are not cool enough for this bar. Which is fine with me. 

Cool concept. Too much dickwadness in the way of having a good time.  I will give it another try on another night and see if it was a fluke. Stay tuned...

Boo!

* Edited to add more information
"I'm sorry your food is taking so long. Half our staff was at the culinary festival today and their a little, you know, drunk."

I'm paraphrasing a little bit but this was the rationale given to our group of 6 for why it took over an hour for our noodles. Our server gave this answer to our pleas for our food with a straight face - apparently at this restaurant it's ok for staffers to be late, drunk, and provide bad service if there is a beer garden and/or Absolut tent within 10 blocks.

We were excited about checking this place out but on our way in we found some of the less-than--stellar reviews on this site. Uh oh. We went anyways and I can now happily say that we won't be going back.

If you like paying way too much money for inconsistently portioned food then this is your joint. If you don't want to have a conversation when you eat then this is your joint. If you want to be somewhere with a lame-o doorman and an actual rope line then this is your place.

PROS:
The toilets are cool.
Karaoke rooms are cool.

CONS:
$13 for 6 quarter-sized meat medallions that you cook on a hot rock.
No apologies from server for looong wait for food... but wait! They were getting blitzed at Culinary festival so all is forgiven...
THE MUSIC WAS VERY VERY VERY LOUD.
Ordered sake bombers and were given sake glasses that were too big for beer glass they came with - made for an interesting and wet first round.
Doormen and rope lines are freakin' ridiculous.  Get over yourselves.
Going to have video games? How 'bout not placing them in a 4-foot wide entryway.

Drinks were reasonably priced and creative and the music, although very loud, was good so I give one star. Unfortunately there are too many other places within a 5-minute walk that also have great music and great drinks in a less pretentious atmosphere with real serving sizes. And with a serving/cook staffs that can do their job.

P.S. We all went to college. When you put Ramen noodles on the menu we all know you can cook them up within 10 minutes. Why would it take 90-minutes at Geisha? Dunno...
I heard of this funky new lounge in ever expanding old town Scottsdale, a couple of months before I actually made it in.  I knew it had some kind of weird hot seat toilets and karaoke rooms.  I decided to check out the toilets with some of my friends after work.  The comfortably smallish lounge is located across from Stingray Sushi.  I called ahead to see what kind of crowd was expected.  She was extremely friendly and said I should definitely come down and check it out.  Oh-and there was to be a photo shoot taking place.  Hmmm.  When we arrived, Jamie -the hostess took us on a full tour of the place.  A thumping rhythm was blaring through the air.  A blend of styles made up the ambiance in the bar.  Giant sepia toned prints of  Hendrix, Morrison and Sid Vicious took up most of the entire wall behind the bar filled with very pretty Scottsdale ladies in their 20's and 30's.  there were some slight Japanese accents but overall pretty normal and DARK.  First off, Jamie showed us the Karaoke rooms each ranging in size and cost per hour. They were all complete with their own large flat screen monitor, microphones and songbook .  Prices began at $60 on up.  Looked pretty fun and I especially like the idea of not having to suffer through someone else's pain full rendition of "Not Ready To Be Nice", when I can clearly do that on my own and in private no less.  I liked it, but I had to see the robot toilet!  Jamie laughed when I asked and took us all immediately to the john where she, without hesitation, went right up to the commode and pointed out the various features on the wall next to the TP.  It was rather uncomfortable for me looking at a public toilet and hearing this very pretty woman talk about how you can make the seat warm up so your behind would not be shocked with coldness when in need to drop the kids off at the pool.  I am even uncomfortable now, just writing about it.  The porcelain throne did some other bizarre things- but I had left the room as quickly as possible back into the bar looking for a drink.
Jamie set us up at a table along the perimeter.  Samples of Stevie Nicks, Pat Benatar, Yes, Billy Squire and even Neil Diamond rolled out over the pulsing beats.  Very strange but I liked it.  Within minutes of being seated my 2 friends (straight) and I  (not straight) noted the higher numbers of well dressed men that seemed to cluster amongst themselves without any inclusion of a female.  Hmmmm, we were very close to BS West the local gay bar.  Oh well, I wasn't complaining and my friends are cool.  Our server, also attractive was very nice and got my friends a "pitcher" of floral saki to split.  I had a $9 glass of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc.  I liked my wine very much they got used to their 25% proof saki at $36 a pitcher which was shaped like a large bamboo shoot with a spout.   Then the photo shoot commenced.  Two ladies made up to look like Asian Geisha's were placed in suggestive positions, sometimes with young pretty boys that were totally into it (NOT).  Over all it was pretty cool if....IF...1.  You like really loud music that never plays a complete song.  2.  You want to do Karaoke and stay in a closet doing it.  and finally, 3.  You want to pretend your straight.  They serve food, too.
Disclaimer:  If you don't enjoy the Scottsdale nightlife scene, no amount of help is going to make you enjoy this place.

I threw the disclaimer in simply because without a doubt, this is for now the new lounge for starting a night out in Old Town.  While I was there my party didn't order much of the food since it was late on a Saturday night and I had more of a liquid diet in order.  I will give them points for creativity when it comes to their signature drinks.  I don't see any other place around using Calpico & infused Sho-chu quite as extensively as Geisha, and the results are actually really good.  I'm not one for the crazy fruity mixed drinks, but I tried a number of the drinks the girls in our party ordered and surprisingly they all didn't taste like pure sugar or candy.  The atmosphere is one you would find at similar lounge-style places and they do a nice job of keeping the place up-beat and while the music is not at ear-shattering levels, you won't be having a quiet conversation there.

They're not changing the nightlife scene by any means, but honestly nobody in the business wants to.  The concept is one that has been around for quite some time but not necessarily this style, personally the idea of Japanese tapas is one that while not many people will get, is a fun change from guessing what signature roll a new sushi bar is going to have.  If you want to go out, people watch, & do the Scottsale thing this place is spot on.
Geisha A No No. That's its real name. Didn't you know? 

Contrary to what the Phx News Times said in an online review, this place does not open for lunch. Imagine our disappointment, for a trio of hungry co-workers had been planning a lunch escape to this location for quite some time. (What can we say except domo arigato, mr. roboto.)

Uhm, the door was unlocked, though. Just as we began to pull it open, thinking they had just opened for lunch, a man in a gray t-shirt approached. 

"Hey, we're not open." 
"We read an online review that you were open for lunch."
"Nope. We've never been open for lunch."
"Oh..."
"Come back for happy hour. We open every day at 5."
My co-worker checked his watch. "That's only 5 hours from now. Thanks."

And then he walked off. No "thank you." No "let me tell you about your other options in the area." Nothing. He just walked toward the back of the business. Must be the owner or manager. I would think that if patrons (attempted ones at that) were trying to check out your place, you'd at least paste on a smile, stop to tell them about the area and welcome them back for dinner, with a complimentary app. But nope. 

Believe me, I've seen their HH menu and it sucks. Tempura everything. Sure, load me up on fried foods. Of course the interior is pleasing. I love the idea of green walls. But I will not be coming back here. 

I don't know how they stay in business. They must offer other "services" behind closed curtains in their private rooms.
The best thing about this place are the bathrooms! No Shit! Er, I mean no kidding!

The decor in the bathroom is expensive, mimicking a Japanese ancient Castle, with large cuts on stone masonry, copper pots for sinks, and metal tubes to look like large bamboo as the faucets. 

The next best thing is the large stone in the middle of the room. It is a large rock with a spotlight on it, and mimicks a Japanese rock garden.

The third best thing is the out door patio seating, with the misters going full blast as the tempurature still hovers around 100 at 11:00pm in August. There are several tables out there, and also some couches.

The 4th best thing is the Pachinko machines in the entryway, brightly lit and real, However, as the cute hostess will tell you, she has no balls (for the pachinko machines, stupid!)

The 5th best thing is their large drink menu of specialty drinks. I didn't look in there for an "Orgasm" or a "SloeComfortableScrew Against the Wall", or other ridiculous concoctions, etc. 

I felt like a Tanqueray and Tonic.  No, Make it two!

The rest of what they have to offer is, well, meh!
A group of us went to Geisha for Restaurant Week dinner last night and it was surprisingly really good!!   When I had heard of Geisha it was for the cocktails, music and people I had very little about their food however it was delicious and we will definitely go back to try other foods on the menu.  Our group had a couple different items they offered on the tasting menu however particularly the spicy pork dumplings and the sea bass were very YUMMY!  The sea bass came out piping hot which made it that much more tasty.  Also something to note, which is a HUGE compliment to Geisha ...they cleared the plates!!  Novel concept for some restaurants in Scottsdale.  Our server and the service staff made sure when we were done with a course to clear our plates quickly so we could chat and enjoy more cocktails- love that!  All the girls had the fried banana and green tea sundae...beautiful table presence, eh on the ice cream.  The fried bananas were AMAZING but the ice cream didn't taste like it had green tea flavor.  I would have been happy with a small scoop of more premium green tea ice cream rather than a big scoop of the blue bunny.  Fortunately the friend bananas were delicious so I would order it again just for those.
If they had not been included in restaurant week I don't think we would have ever thought to eat there, overall it was very good .  The service was good, the food was hot and tasty, the atmosphere was fun and ladies don't forget to check out the restrooms ;)  and let folks know don't come in after you if you're gone for 20 min!
We were recently at Geisha a Go-Go for a friends birthday for dinner and karaoke.  First we did dinner, then karaoke in the BIG room, which was a blast.

My issue was our waitress. We were there on a Tuesday night and we were some of the only people in the place, so the excuse "it was just really busy" doesn't apply.  A couple of us ordered Hot Rock dinners, which were supposed to come with rice. Our meals came with no rice and when we brought it up to the waitress, the following conversation ensued:

Us: Hi, I think our meal is supposed to come with rice, right?
Waitress: Yeah, but usually the meat is filling enough, so I didn't bring it out.
Us: Okay, but it's listed on the menu.
Waitress: I know.

Um, I'm still being charged for it, right? And the Shrimp Hot Rock meal came with 3 shrimp and a tiny Asian salad.  Wow, how filling. There were other issues with her service, like bringing out the other, more expensive wine that I didn't ask for twice.

I will probably never go back to Geisha for a meal, but it is a good place for drinks at the bar with friends on the weekend. Or on a weeknight if you don't want a big crowd but fun atmosphere.

The reason for the "Meh, I've experienced better" rating, and why it is not at an "Eek! Methinks not" is because we did have a good time...when we didn't have to deal with the waitress.
In a word: run for your effing life.

After reading the review on it in the New Times, we decided to hit this place with some friends. It was the first time for all of us, and to be fair, we are not of the "Scottsdale" scene and that was definitely part of the problem.

I'll make this simple:
Issue #1: Made reservations for 8:30 and even though almost every table was open, we couldn't be seated for a good 15 minutes.
Issue #2: Um, is this place a restaurant or a dance club? A DJ fired up at 9p and it wasn't music you could ignore. It was like eating in "Trainspotting".
Issue #3: Gigantic, pointy rock in the middle of the "dance floor"
Issue #4: $12 for four TINY SLIVERS of tuna that wouldn't make an anorexic full.
Issue #5: Over an hour to get our meals, which were served one at a time, apparently whenever they were ready.
Issue #6: Did I mention there was a DJ?
Issue #7: The crowd was of the Paris Hilton type, which I was expecting, considering. However, my friend summed it up perfectly, when she said, "This is the kind of place where you can see a 40 year old puking in the bathroom around 10pm." Well done, my friend.
Issue #8: The service: horrendous. Our server actually admitted to us that the kitchen crew was hammered because they'd been at the Scottsdale Culinary Fest all day. I'm sure they remembered to wash their hands, though. 

Other than that, it was fine.
Had dinner here last night and a few cocktails. Better to get here early to avoid the crush of people after 10pm (on weekends at least).

Geisha has a very nice modern atmosphere and optional private Karaoke rooms you can rent with your friends.

I enjoyed my dinner (chicken stir fry) and my drinks immensely. Fair prices for the Scottsdale area. I do agree this is a "nice place" and it is worth dressing up for (go to Loco Patron if you want to wear flip flops and are adverse to showering).
I didn't dine here - so all I can really rate is the atmosphere. 

Geisha A Go Go is absolutely what you would expect of a typical Scottsdale Bar. Velvet ropes, a meat-head bouncer, and a skin-bearing girl standing in the doorway. Blah. 

I went with a large party and we rented out the large karaoke room. I have to say, it was pretty fun. There were two flat screen tvs on opposite walls so the person singing on the small stage could see them. There were couches lining the walls and two tables - so there was room for all of us. 

There was a vast array of music to choose from. From your cliche "I Will Survive" to much more recent songs "Toxic". And  yes, I had to listen to both. However, it is somewhat entertaining to watch a drunk guy sing a Britney Spears song in falsetto.

Anyway, that's it. I'm not much into karaoke so I probably won't be back. But I can appreciate the novelty. And, for anyone who loves karaoke on a Saturday night, well this is the place for you.
While I am not the biggest fan of the whole "Scottsdale" scene, I really like Geisha. Yes, it has scantily clad waitresses and over priced drinks. But, it also has one big selling point: private karaoke rooms. 

Some friends rented a "big" room for ten people. It is totally a small place that would comfortably seat six and is furnished with green-ish shag carpeting and a bottle of Grey Goose behind Plexiglas that has been assaulted more than once. Classy. 

But, you will not care b/c the private karaoke is so much fun...less public humiliation than regular karaoke, lots more silliness and singing along. I definitely look forward to getting another group together and coming back... 

Also, the bathrooms are worth a mention. They have seat warmers and some pretty interesting fixtures.
Geisha is part Scottsdale, part Los Angeles, and part Osaka. What I mean by that is they have the cheap ass patio that is so common in scottsdale bars, with the goofy oversized pictures of rockstars that you would find in an LA rockbar, and the private karaoke rooms and "Japanese" food. 

I tried a multitude of dishes, starting with the steak and chicken skewers, both average. The tempura rock shrimp, while a familiar dish at any japanese restaurant, was exceptionally delicious. Octopus salad was fairly weak, but it was followed by a trememdous steak stir fry. But by far the best dish, was the ribs. OH SHIT DAMN! I had ribs all over the country, and these were the best I have ever had. Hold the bone, and pull the meat cleanly off with your chopstick. It was the most tender, succulent piece of meat I have ever had. I WILL go back craving those ribs some day. 

The place is very dark, and very loud so it is a good place to hang out with a group of friends and dance or drink. Not the best for convo. The private karaoke rooms hold from 4-20 people and are rentable from 40-100 dollars an hour, depending on the time and day. They do have waitresses that go in the rooms if you want them to. This is how most karaoke bars are in Japan.

The best part of the place by far is the bathrooms. The toilet seats are heated, power up and down, air freshened, self flushing, and they shoot water on your butthole and then dry it off. I guess I'm sheltered because I'd never seen those before. 

This is a great place to have some rambunctios fun with friends, and the food is better than average. Everything was good for the most part, but the RIBS WERE AMAZING.

"I had ribs for lunch, thats why I'm doing this"
This is more of a bar set up than a restauraunt. There are only about 7-8 tables where you can sit down and have a meal, and they are very cramped. The food however was very good, and so were the drinks. Go for happy hour as the small plates and drinks are half price 4-7 PM everyday. Service was above average and I would go back for sure. Wasn't there for the late night crowd but if you like Karaoke this is the place for you.
Private Karaoke at Geisha A Go Go is the coolest thing to hit Old Town in a while!!   My girlfriends and I went this weekend and it was incredible. I have heard a lot about karaoke being the new trend but not until I actually experienced it for myself did I understand why, until now. We had a private room with a flat screen TV and drinks at the flip of a switch (um, can you say bachelorette party?!).  It was so nice to have a night out without actually having to wait for drinks at a crowded bar or being able to hang out with your friends without random guys interrupting with a cheesy line to try to talk to you. It was $75 for an hour in a private room with 10 of my best friends. And by the time you split that between everyone it was well worth the extra expense. 

Seriously once you try it you will be hooked too! I can't wait to go back!
You know I want to like this place as a restaurant but I can't, I just really can't. I went out earlier this week and I had a good time there but it's not a restaurant it's a good place to have some drinks and karaoke. Yes karaoke it has private rooms that you pay to use(rent per hour) with flat screens reminds me kind of japan in a diluted way. I think the interior is a bit over done but it works in a weird way. My friends and I shared a few dishes but like I said don't come her for the food TRUST ME.... I got kinda drunk had some fun as did my friends and the service was a bit blah but I know what I came for so its okay... I would like to give it 3 stars for having a good time but I can't because of the food... please don't hate me.
The reason I'm giving this place one star as opposed to two is a simple, yet annoying element of this place: the portraits of dead musicians on the wall. WTF do Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, or Sid Vicious have anything to do with Japanese food?

These portraits on the wall are just one of many examples of how this place does not get anything. This place is treated as a club by the bouncers outside, but it's really just a sub-par restaurant in the disguise of a high-end Japanese restaurant. So, Geisha A Go Go are you a club? Bar? Japanese place? All of them?

I was here for a friend's birthday a little while back and I found that the food overall is not worth what you pay for. Of course they go with a "minimalist" gimmick and give you insultingly small portions. The service is alright, but again, nothing special.

I don't think even hara-kiri would bring any honor to this place's horrible sushi. I guess the usual Scottsdale, Diesel jean-wearing date rapist wouldn't know the difference between good sushi and mediocre with all the blow dripping down his throat, so I guess this usually goes unnoticed.

Now, if you talk to a fan of Geisha A Go Go you might hear them mention, "But, they've got really cool bathrooms." Well, I don't go to a restaurant to dump out the meal I just ate. Japanese Fusion Restaurant fail.
4th stop on my night out on the town baby.  so, my friends and i are feeling good and the place hit the spot.  some weirdo was grinding up on a couple of my friends and he even managed to steal one of our drinks and finish it up.  to me, it was all fun and games.  i liked the music here.
The resturants food was good not amazing. The DJ that night gets two thumbs up. The prices are a little high, but thats Scottsdale. I like the design the most, but really nothing great otherwise
This place is disgusting!  The place looks ok, the decor looks fine and everything looks good at the beginning.  I ordered a carafe of green apple infused sake.  Both me and the friend I was with poured our first little shot when we realized the bottoms must've been full of dust!  There was little pieces of lint floating all inside - and the shot glass fits only like a tablespoon!  At the bottom, there was a little brown streak that I wiped out (I was not going to ask for another dusty shot glass).  BTW, the sake tasted like water and green apple mixer with a touch of sake - it is the weakest drink I've ever had!  The carafe which is normally 10 dollars, 5 at happy hour poured 5 little teaspoonfuls of sake.

How do you mess up wasabi and soy sauce??  The rolls we ordered came out fine but somehow the soy sauce had like no flavor.  Do they water the soy sauce down??!?!  I normally put a lot of wasabi, but this is the first time I put the whole pile in and barely got a tingle in my nose.  

Oh, and I had to wipe down my little place too because there seemed to be old food on it (it felt gritty and there was a piece of dried up lettuce on it).  The table probably was never wiped down because it was sticky as well.

This place SUCKS, and I would never go there again.
Top notch fun , bar lounge, and food. 

My guy and I  go here almost every Wednesday, when we get into town then usually two more times over the weekend. 

Music- There is a dj spinning music onthe weekends and no question the best DJ in Scottsdale , playing music mash ups people actually can dance to not just a bunch of hip hop or house music. Every now and then late night the middle area turns into quite the drunk dance floor which makes for fun dancing or really fun people watching.

Eats- We usually load up in sashimi, which the chef came out to talk to us how it was nice to see people eating real japanese not just balls of cream cheese and rice. Everything has always been super fresh. I swear I cannot lie with out the ahi tuna sliders. We always bring a large group who always leave very happy. Its a great place to start the night at!!

Service- The girls are super cute but every know and then it takes a bit too long to get a drink but when you order a comlicated martini , you cant really complain!! I love the "picachoo" yum yum.

Overall the best scottsdale stop . A million times more fun and delish then Ra or stingray!
Skip the food....While it looks asian, it tastes like a frozen wanna-be asian dinner...Yuck.  I only rated this place a "3" because of the lounge//bar Asian/tropical decor.  Fun place to drink, depending on the crowd.  Eat elsewhere. I haven't yet tried the kareoke rooms.
This is a great place to go to for Happy Hour.  They have a daily Happy Hour from 4-7pm.  Some 1/2 off drinks, apppetizers and sushi.  I'm not much of a sushi eater.  The bartender goes..."Do you want the sushi menu?" I told him, "No, I don't like sushi." He then said, "How could you live in Arizona and not like sushi?" And I told him, "How could I be Asian and not like sushi?" And we laughed.

Anyway, what I love the most about Geisha A Go Go is The Hello Kitty.  It's a mixed drink made with a strawberry infused saki with a strawberry puree.  Pure yummy-ness!  The other thing cool about this place, oddly, are the bathrooms.  Definitely check that out, too!
Had a very wonderful meal here!
Ordered the shrimp tempura for an appetizer.....very tasty with a delicious slightly spicy aioli sauce.
We also ordered The Flying Kamikaze (unagi, salmon, tuna and crab in unagi sauce and sweet thai chili)...awesome! 
And then the Geisha A Go Go (lobster tempura, crab mix, avacado and cream cheese wrapped in green soy paper topped with jalapeno cream sauce)....also very good.
For drinks I had the Kinki Cooler made with Cachaca, Kiwi Fruit and Lime....delicious and tasted quite strong : )
Dessert was the Cinnamon Banana Crisp......a perfect ending.
The waitress was also kind enough to show us the private karaoke booths they have.....we will be coming back with a small group to try this out next time....looks like fun :  ).........
They also have happy hour specials with great savings.
Highly recommend.
Best.
Karaoke.
Ever.

For my boyfriend's birthday, I went balls to the wall with their uber-fancy, 20+ person private karaoke room with its own patio. At $150 an hour, I was cringing a little at the outset. However, after a number of surprisingly inexpensive vodka cranberries ($5 each.... and this is Scottsdale!), I found myself fondling my boyfriend's boss as he sat on my lap while watching my normally prim liquored-up friends work the conveniently provided stripper pole like pros. Plenty of Journey, AC/DC, and Black Sabbath provided the perfect backdrop for the shenangians. We made sure to keep the door open even though the staff kept trying to tell us to close it, and even those too-cool-for-you Scottsdale fuckers walking by the bar were stopping and checking out the mayhem. Fabulous. It's almost a week later and people are still talking about it. This will be an annual birthday tradition -- mark my words. Worth every last penny.
Very attractive place, nice ambiance and I love the decor - Jimi, Jim and Johnny. It reminds me of a couple places in the LA area. Geisha features a really cool Karaoke room for birthdays and small parties. Last time I was there, we met a Saki lover and I tried a couple of interesting Sakis. The sushi menu is impressive, although a lot of their sushi menu items feature the same ingredients. Try Thursday - Sat, it is happening! The manager is a local. Very cool. The music is awesome.
This was one of the many places we stopped at for our pub crawl and I'm definitely a fan. Where else can you go to snag $4 saki bombers!? Exactly! With 1/2 priced signature house drinks and 1/2 priced maki sushi menu and appetizers, you're sure to get your moneys worth.
A coworker tried to make out with my boyfriend at happy hour here and I still freaking love it! I mean, what a great time, right? Sake bombers, sushi, random drunk broads coming on to your boyfriend because you spent too much time playing with the toilet controls in the bathroom?  Seriously girls, be careful in there.

Thankfully, my boyfriend did not give in to Drunky McSluttersons advances. However, the fact that she even had the gall to attempt it is really a testament to how awesome Geisha A Go Go's happy hour is. Chick was wasted. Hard not to get drunk when everything on the damn drink menu is half off! I think we were drinking $3 beers and $1 Sakes. $1! Truly wonderful.

The "House Maki" is half off also, which usually means basic rolls like California and Tuna, but nothing fancy. Geisha A Go Go's "House Maki" includes quite a few of the fancier roll selections, including one of my faves, the rainbow roll.  The sushi is really nothing to write home about, but when you got a nice buzz going on with aforementioned $1 Sakes, you don't really notice.

To recap: Happy Hour is awesome, Sushi is Okay, Bathrooms are time consuming, Don't take slutty coworkers.
Awesome times! 

I have been here a few times, usually in the late evening for the club. Most recently for happy hour for my friends birthday. We sat on the patio with the misters on, not the crazy kind that soak anything they touch, but they were perfect. The food was awesome! Price was very right as well. I think I had a spicy tuna roll, a caterpillar roll, and veggie gayoza and a cocktail for less than $15. Score! 

I HAVE to tell you about our waitress as well, I believe her name was Lindsay. She was so helpful! Gave good recommendations, very attentive, and even when all eight of use were yelling out an order she got everything right! Go and request her! 

Other than happy hour they have a pretty fun dance club after hours. They also have karaoke rooms. So much fun, you have to try it. They are private rooms, so you only have to make a fool of yourself in front of your close personal friends. Great for parties! 

Have fun!
"Eat to the Beat" is the motto at this funky Asian restaurant.  A place where Japanese Pop Culture meets Rock and Roll, private karaoke rooms can be rented out by the hour, and the toilets come with remote controls.

The menu was reinvented this year, and you will find appetizers such as Rock Shrimp Spring Rolls, incredible Teriyaki Ribs, Seared Ahi Sliders, and a plethora of Tempura selections.  In addition, the restaurant offers Yakisoba, Ramen, Teppanyaki, and Specialty Maki.
Maki of Note: Foku (bacon, salmon, cream cheese, scallions, and crispy onions topped with baked spicy crab) Gaijin (spicy tuna, spicy crab, avocado, cream cheese wrapped with a flour tortilla and then deep friend and topped with a chipotle cream sauce) Harajuku Lover (shredded chicken breast, avocado, cucumber topped with spicy teriyaki sauce and pineapple sauce)

Although they have an extensive menu, I consider this strictly a watering hole, especially during their happy hour.

Happy hour is daily from 4p-7p, and all speciality drinks are 1/2 off, as well as all appetziers, sake bombers, wines, and sake infusions.

The specialty drinks are a liquid dreams.

My favorite is the "Hello Kitty" which is strawberry infused sake and Japanese strawberry soda, mixed with vodka.   Runner up is the "Katori Kick," pineapple infused sho-chu, zen green tea liqueur, and fresh lime juice.  For a lighter cocktail, try the "Harajuku Lover,. which is a pearl plum vodka and sparkling sake.

The karaoke rooms are small, but the large one comfortably seats nearly twenty people.  If you can get that many people together for a room, the $150 per hour cost is not so bad.  We had a fantastic time in there, and were complete clowns.  We had designated wait staff, so no one had to leave the room in order to get drinks.  (If you show up during happy hour, the karaoke rooms are half price, as well)

Busiest nights are Fridays-Sundays.  Sundays are industry night, and all sushi rolls and appetizers are half off, as well as every drink in the house.

If you want a peaceful and quiet dinner, this is not the place to come. Expect it loud and rockin.' If you are here late night, forget about finding a place to sit.

If you want an incredible experience with a toilet, luxuriate on one of their heated toilets, complete with remote control panel where you can rinse and dry your bottom, down to controling the water temperature and air pressure.

WIth so many Asian eateries in this city, this one brings a very unique pop culture experience.
What an awesome place.  First time there and had already eaten otherwise I would have ordered some sushi.  The place is fun, music going, busy, nice selection of people, and as my friend said (and I agree) one of the coolest/hottest bartenders around.  She's blonde, helpful, and cute - nice combo.  Overall though, the atmosphere is a winner.  It's not fancy or the nicest place you will ever go but it is fun period.  Go have a drink and hang out for a hour or two.
When I asked my fiance what he liked about this place, his response was "Everything!" The decor is cool, seating is neat & comfy, we go on Sundays and eat & drink off of the happy hour menu (Happy Hour All Day!) and get out of there SO CHEAP. The teriyaki ribs are AMAZING, so are the lettuce wraps.  Nice waitresses, and yes - cool bathrooms!!! The sushi is good, the music is better than a lot of the crap they play in most other restaurants these days... one of our favorite places to eat!
A fun place, with fun people and good eats! This place is consistent and is truly one of my top picks for happy hour and sushi. It has something for everyone and I've never had a bad experience. On my most recent visit, the server recognized me... I might have to cut back on my Geisha visits!

I just so happens, almost every time I go to Geisha its happy hour! Thats because their happy hour runs EVERY day from 4-7pm! Great deals are found here at happy hour... Half off all specialty drinks, infused saki and sho-chu (similar to saki), appetizers and maki. It ends up being $3-5 for pretty much anything on the happy hour menus. I've never had a bad drink here and I'm pretty sure I've tried them all. The sushi doesn't disappoint and the apps are great! You can't beat their Spicy Yellowtail roll at $2.50. On the apps list, I highly recommend the Teriyaki Ribs. These lil pieces of pork heaven have a delicate teriyaki flavor and are so tender they fall off the bone. And they're only $5 on happy hour. =)

This place also has private karaoke rooms. They have small rooms that hold up to 10 ppl and a large room that holds up to 20. Karaoke rooms are $75 and $150 an hour, respectively. And Get this... The rooms are HALF OFF during Happy Hour too!!  So if you can talk your friends into singing a few tunes, the shared cost of karaoke is minimal at these times. 

Everyone I've introduced to Geisha loves it and I hope you do too! 

p.s. Geisha, keep up the good work and don't change a thing.
Great happy hour 1/2 off on all apps and house sushi rolls... Ordered alot of both the sushi and apps and liked it all! The Tuna sliders were GREAT! I've been there both at night when it's packed and durning happy hour. I like the happy hour scene a little better but that's just my style. The Karoke room is fun to rent if you have a big group... :) I had a blast the last time we did that!
I used to like this place to kick off the evening when I lived in Scottsdale. On a recent visit into town I came here for happy hour and it was a good time!!! 

If you like sushi & sake happy hours, this is the place for you!!! They have a good selection of half prices appetizers (I'd say about 15 different selections ranging from $3-5 during happy hour) & sushi. Unlike a lot of sushi happy hours, which typically only offer California, tuna, and Philly rolls during happy hour, this place also offers yellow tail, Caterpillar, & rainbow rolls amongst several others (and "spicy" versions of a lot of these). The sushi is above average and worth the $3-5 that most rolls cost during happy hour. 

Enough about the food though!!! This IS happy hour after all, so it's the alcohol you want to hear about!!!! Well, the group I started off with wanted to sample the infused sake Geisha offers during happy hour, which includes strawberry, apple, pomegranate, and mango. We tried all of them except the strawberry. The apple was a little watered down but the mango and pomegranate were both good. These were $4 each during happy hour for about 4 or 5 sake glasses worth for each.  Next up were sake bombers!!! Three dollar Sapporo's and I think $2 for sake. They also offer specialty cocktails during happy hour, which I didn't try, but apparently they've changed a little from when Geisha first started happy hour. 

The night we were there we had about 10 people in our group. I wish I could remember our waitress's name, but she did a good job handling us. She had no problem dividing up bills, and didn't give the evil eye when a few people complained about drinks. She just switched them out no questions asked. 

Like I said, if you like happy hour sushi & sake, you'll like this place!!! Happy hour runs from 4-7. Since I was visiting from out of town and a couple people I came with got off work early we showed up shortly after it started. It was a great way to start the evening, but as you can imagine those of us who started here were a DISASTER by the end of the night!!!
Let me start by saying I'm probably older than most of the people reviewing this place. I choose my eateries based on the food...the vibe is important, but secondary. So I'll limit my comments on the whole karaoke thing....yes, it's probably a decent place to party down, get smashed and make a fool of yourself, if you're into that sort of thing. But I'm a retired musician, so I've done more than my share of belting out a tune. I came here for the food.

So...the vibe didn't do much for me when I walked in....it's set up more like a bar than a restaurant...cramped, dark and loud. Fortunately, it was a pleasant evening, and only around 6PM (it was a dinner meeting), so I was able to miss the rush =and= grab a table outside. A table full of noisy drunk yuppie college kids and some poorly chosen music could have harshed my mellow if I'd been in a crummy mood...but I wasn't, and it didn't.

As to the food....for a sushi snob, it's not easy to find decent sushi anywhere in the Phoenix area. So I was pleasantly surprised. The fact that it was happy hour and all the appetizers were half price made it even more pleasant. Tried the spider roll, tuna roll, sashimi, and some non-sushi items too...ahi sliders, cucumber salad...all quite good. The spring rolls were a bit nondescript, but all in all, not bad. The service...well, the waitress was cute and called everyone darling, but I'd have rather she actually knew how to pay attention. (Okay, I guess I'm showing my age again, but I've fulfilled most of my waitress fantasies, and these days I just want them to bring me my food on time.)

All in all...not bad. I'd eat there again, but I'd try and make sure I could sit outside.
Happy Hour is legit here.

I love any place in Olde Town that looks great and has a great crowd but it doesn't take a strippers pay check to hang out.  This is a place like that.

Went at happy hour for a friends birthday.  We ordered what seemed liked everything on the menu and everything was delish and nothing broke the bank.  Very pleased.

Im not a sushi snob in anyway as you can see I like almost every place I go to. However, do to the fact that they have great food, waitresses, great bathrooms, and a pic of Jimi Hendrix at the bar this place easily gets 4 stars.  Only reason I wont give it 5 is I have been here at night and the place has gotten too crowded and that gets annoying.

4 1/2 stars
I have never really been a fan of public masturbation, but then again, I had never been to Geisha A Go Go's restrooms before either. Ladies, they have an osculating bidet that has front and back controls.......

There was a large (and excessively rowdy) group of us in one of the private Karaoke rooms celebrating Nathan S's 35th birthday this  past Saturday and I gotta say, I had a damn blast. We sang Love Shack and Sweet Caroline and Careless Wisperer. I even did an inappropriate duet to "Like A Virgin."

Oh, and those pear vodka champagne drink things?? I unknowingly sucked down 6 of them. Thanks to Georgie S for making sure it was Grey Goose. Anyway, sure I paid $54, but I was seriously having the best drunken blast and I felt like I hadn't touched a drop the next morning.

So, the waitress fucking hated us, but we had a g-damned blast. A BLAST. We twirled on poles, sang horrifically at the top of our lungs and probably contracted some diseases from the booths and carpets, but whatevs, it was a blast!

And P.S... I never actually used the bidet.... really... for more than a second
Geisha A Go Go is an awesome, inspired location for a birthday party. Specifically the private Karaoke room, but the whole bar is pretty cool. There is a random rock in the middle of the bar, which I'm convinced has more to do with tripping up drunks than it does feng shui.  Drink menu highlights include Sakes and Sou-chus, loads of asian beers, and cocktails that look AWESOME (I haven't gotten drunk here, tragic!). Harajuko Lover? Yes please!

The Karaoke room is sweet, though the location of the pole is awkward and people sitting on the couches need to watch out for wildly flailing body parts as their drunk friends work it out. Maybe that's half the fun? 

All in all a solid bet for a guaranteed hysterical night of karaoke, alcohol and dinosaurs in space. Or whatever other birthday theme you'd like to apply.
Although I haven't had the opportunity to try out the famous Karaoke rooms I have definitely enjoyed happy hour here and I have to say that it is Amazing! Its definitely going to be a spot of mine for a while. I took my parents and hubby with me yesterday to check it out because Ive heard great things about their Happy Hour.

My husband and I had two martinis each along with sliders and fries, friend rice and chicken tempura. My parents had sushi and it was pretty awesome as well. Our bill for the two of us was only $30 and we were so full that we didn't need dinner. I cant wait to go back!
Im currently recruiting for a karaoke session!
I was gonna give three stars to denote "a-ok" and then I decided four stars for "yay! i'm a fan" -- why? Because I purposely went back here and took a friend. 

I would be lying by omission if i didn't tell you that part of the reason I wanted to go back here was for the ladies restroom ;)  What? can't a girl like a fun toliet? 

I also purposely chose the rolls that DIDN'T use tortillas as the wrap. It seemed really, really off the first time I came here and tried the Gaijin which uses tortillas.  The chicken gyoza has been delicious both times, i wish they served more than 5. The other rolls we tried and that were tasty were: Spicy Tuna, Foku and J-Pop. Was it the best in town? probably not. but did it satisfy? most certainly.

The drinks?  Mmm Mmm Good! My friend had the Turning Japanese (which I tried as a shot the first time I went and either it was made really sweet, or it tastes super sweet after the Mango Sake) and she thought it was delicious - so delicious she had 3.  I had the Hello Kitty and it was delicious - so delicious I had 3.

Probably my only negative is the music was too loud. I think that it might just be me though...

Oh, judging by the lovely lady crawling up the pole in a karaoke room where the door was open (from the outside of the restaurant) -- that could be a REAL. GOOD. TIME.  Might have to try that - the karaoke room, not the pole!
02.06.10

I love the decor of this place!  It's rock meets Japan - jrock, perhaps?

Karaoke happens in the private room(s) in the back.  So no drunken performances that night, whew.

Late night sushi until midnight while you drink.  Excellent.
Beware, I got so F*&!ed up here and in record time.  Their sake will knock you on your ass.  Yeah the sushi was great and the service was friendly... but I spent most of the night making friends with my toilet. 

Good luck and bring an extra liver.
Food was mediocre and the rental rates for a room to sing karaoke were pricey. It took the waitress a bit to get drinks so the buzz never really sunk in. An empty glass in a bar is a waste. Not overly generous on the booze either. Two  hours and $300 later, I was only slightly buzzed, as was my friend, so we decided to trek over to The Grapevine.
Read about this in "Phoenix" magazine under their "50 Best Bars" article.  Then checked it out on Yelp and it had good reviews.  Booked the reservation for last night on OpenTable and we had a blast.  The DJ was spinning old school hip hop - really loud - and it was a fun way to enjoy great sushi.  It isn't really a restaurant - it's more of a lounge / club vibe.  It would be a great place to start your evening on the town.
Yay!  Karaoke during happy hour was worthwhile;  I would not pay full price.    They had my fav white wine (Kim Crawford Sauv. Blanc) so Kudos for that.  Great Song Selection, okay crowd, people were not extremely friendly there.
Geisha A Go Go...the theme is exactly the stereotype that American's collected of Japan during the war, but the awfulness makes it a guilty pleasure for me.  After studying Japanese for six years it's hard to go to a Japanese punk/rock themed sushi/ Karaoke bar with authenticated toilets without laughing at the Hello Kitty titled martini. I couldn't build the courage to try the Pokemon inspired dish.  Too afraid it would be something electric and related to rat. 
Would have loved if the waitresses had a little more spunk. I felt like I was in some teeny bopper themed beach st. hangout in Laguna.  On a good note, the sushi was cheap, but for a place also owned (and this is what I've heard) by stingray sushi...the sushi promotion should have been a whole lot better. Tip, GO DURING HAPPY HOUR.  I honestly have to go back and review it again without bias.  Maybe going in blindfolded would help.  
  Good thing myself and Ameerah A. know our sushi, or we would have ordered dragon roll expecting dragon! I loved the sushi bar, but wish there was seating there (that's where you drown yourself in sake and sashimi after a chew out at work) the Green seats were nice as well. 
the Pachinko machines were classic. One said cleverly in Japanese 'press button' so, by pressing the button you release a Japanese Oni that yells at the top of his lungs and chases you out of the restaurant.  Haven't found that button yet have you? too busy with the spraying toilets I see. ;)
Ok
I flippin' LOVED this place!

There was just something about it that I loved.
I loved the smokin' awesome happy hour deals.
I loved the toilets!!!  (OMG!!!!!!!!!!)

I'll return, many times I'm sure.
Oh Geisha, how you go go! I went here with a couple of my friends after their day of Sunday Funday and my day Work day Shmerk day.  I had never had the opportunity to go to this place but was always wanted to try it out since their seemed to a nice crowd on the patio.  Well let me tell you what I think, that is why you are reading this of course...
It was packed! Like crazy packed! But there was the nicest hostess! We had a party of about 8 people coming and she said it would be a wait, but not a problem! She kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok and letting me know where we were on the wait time for the table!  Who ever was working as the hostess on the 4/18 around 5pm.  Give that chick a raise! She was awesome! No matter how busy I saw she was, she always made me feel like I was not forgotten in the shuffle.
Well we sat down and my friends were drunk and starving! I mean they spent the day at the culinary festival so you know they didn't have an opportunity to eat! Our waitress was so sweet! she informed us that it was half off Sunday! All sushi and drinks were half off! I've never been so happy in all my life! I ordered two vegetarian rolls and my friends ordered the left side of the menu plus a couple rolls and drinks.  Our waitress was on top of it!  After the crazy amount of drinks and food that we ordered the bill was only $70.  If you eat at a sushi restaurant, anyone knows the bill is usually around $100.  I was so impressed!  This place is awesome and should defiantly be a stop on a Sunday Funday!
Oh P.S.  Their toilets are crazy! their mechanical and warming and I don't know what is going on, but you have to check it out.
I went to Geisha last night for my buddies birthday and had a great time.  They were playing great music and there was a great crowd.  We had a table outside on the patio so we could enjoy the great weather.  

I ordered the Halibut sashimi.  It was a little tough in the middle of each piece but the rest of the fish just melted in your mouth.  Supposedly there was a sauce on it but I didn't taste it.  

Our waitress was very nice and was always checking up on us and making sure our drinks were always full.  

I will go back again for sure just next time I will order something else off the menu.
Love this spot!  The karaoke rooms are great (one of them even has a stripper pole), bathrooms WINNAR.  Drinks are super addictive.  The sushi is of the more Americanized variety -- but there are some decent options.  Plus, there is plenty of other bar food available - mini-cheeseburgers, chicken, etc.  all served piping hot with plenty of flavor.  Happy hour prices can not be beat!  I've been here on Friday/Saturdays and the atmosphere is great.  If you arrive early or on a weekday -- you can still enjoy the bar minus a crowd.
A little underwhelmed, a little over stimulated, but I wouldn't fight my friends or refuse to show up if they planned a happy hour here. The identity crisis between sports bar and sushi bar was a little distracting to me - we sat outside where TVs were playing some sporting event, but inside seemed more like Feng Shui-ed. The restrooms were highly entertaining with remote controlled toilets and sensor activated zen inspiring pebble sinks; if I wasn't so hungry I probably would have spent more time in there playing with the gadgets. 

We unfortunately had just missed happy hour, but I could see how the slashed prices may be somewhat redeeming. The menu had some pretty decent veg options. However, the tofu lettuce wraps had a sour funk that smelled like feet. They didn't taste much better either so I'd steer clear of those if I were ever to stumble on the occasion where I had no choice but to dine here. I'll admit the veggie roll was actually tasty, not enough to make me a loyal patron though.

I've had better food. I've had better atmosphere. I've spent less money on mediocre sushi. I left feeling satiated, but after trying to wash those lettuce wraps down with sake, I still had to brush the sour feet out of my mouth when I got home.
Private karaoke rooms sparked my interest when Geisha a Go Go first came to town. We have sushi restaurants on practically every corner, but karaoke is a different story. Technically, Geisha a Go Go didn't start out as a sushi restaurant but they soon joined in on the Phoenix sushi phenomenon. On a weekend night, be prepared to wait for a table and push your way through the crowd, but the best time to go is on Sunday. Why? All day happy hour. That's right. For the entire day, half the menu is half off, including tasty drinks like the hello kitty.

Ladies, this sounds strange, but check out the ladies room and report back to me on your findings.  

So, geisha a go go is definitely not a no-no on Sundays, or if you're looking for a good spot pre-night on the town.
I went to GAGG for Happy Hour on a Saturday with a large group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  We were very excited Happy Hour goes until 7pm even on weekends.  They have an extensive appetizer menu with all items priced at 50% off.  In addition they offer great deals on drinks and saki!  Our serveer was very attentive and managed a large group with separate checks with out any problems.  I'll definitely be going back!
The sushi is pretty good and if you catch it at happy hour prices then the tab is CHEAP.  Well worth checking out.
After almost literally walking all around Scottsdale trying to find a place for dinner, we finally settled on this place. The Yelp reviews are not quite as plentiful as they are in the SF Bay Area so it took some time for us to make our decision as we looked up places to eat. Usually we look for 3 1/2 stars plus on 100 or more reviews unless it's somewhere new, but in Scottsdale we had to base our choices on about half the number of reviews.

We were drawn in by the pachinko machines in the lobby and were convinced to stay by the Richard Avedon prints behind the bar. The restaurant has kind of a cave like atmosphere so it's definitely a unique experience especially considering that there are karaoke boxes in the back.

We ordered a few of their rolls and appetizers which were half off on their happy hour special. The rolls were really tasty and the appetizers were good but had they been regular price it probably wouldn't be worth it.

Definitely a cool place but more so for the ambiance than the food.

It was a Sunday so we were sold on the half off maki. We really liked the decor. There were pachinko machines in the front with a few big Richard Avedon posters on the wall behind the bar. The interior was kind of like a cave We ordered a couple
Seriously THE BEST happy hour in old town...$4 sake carafes make my day that much better!  The drinks are great, the bartenders are hot and the don't miss out on the food.  Try the fried rice AMAZING!

And if you're looking for a great group place, reserve a private karaoke room. Get the one with the entertainment pole and you're almost guaranteed a good time.

Oh, and did I mention that they're open late?

Long story short.  Fabulous signature drinks/cocktails, good food and great times with friends.

GO....NOW :)
their happy hour rocks! fun ambiance. great drinks and great sushi.
This is only my second time here in 2 years and then it was funky yet chaotic because it was so new. This time was very laid back, great music great Happy Hour prices, food was excellent and had a great variety of appetizers to choose from. My date ordered me the pikachu..tasty..not too sweet..just right..Goldilocks would be pleased. Bartenders were friendly but not stalker like. All in all a fantastic experience..highly recommended especially for Happy Hour. Oh and how can I forget...their toilets are interactive..you'll know what I mean. ;p
Love the Hello kitty drink here! Great happy hour prices!
I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.  

    *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only) 
    *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!
    *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)
    *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends only

The only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).
If ever we needed  a place to party Geisha would be on that list! THe bartenders are amazing and just like the other reviews on here the Karaoke rooms are no joke! Get a group of friends together, splash in a little happy hour and you are bound to set yourself up for memorable moments! My server was awesome too! Drink kept on flowing and before we knew it it was 2AM! :)
I can't believe I lived in Scottsdale for over 2 years before going to Happy Hour here! It just made my day complete! 

I've gone there late night before. After the usual first stop at Saddle Ranch, my friends and I would wander over to Geisha and of course hover around the rock in the middle of the floor. That was my first love of Geisha.

Now I've finally experienced their Happy Hour, which they even have on Sundays! How could you not love that? 1/2 price on all their drinks and appetizers--sign me up!!! Seriously though, the food was good. I had the veggie tempura, edamame, and gyoza (pork dumplings). I haven't developed a taste for sushi, but my friend loves it and has been going every Sunday for about 5 months now just to get it.

Plus, 1/2 price saki? Saki bombs anyone? Yes, please.
Go Go now to happy hour at Geisha A Go Go! HALF PRICE for house rolls, appetizers, and drinks that are already fairly priced! The setting is hip but relaxed and the service is great (guys, and some girls, will want to enthusiastically thank the HR department). It's not the finest sushi in town, and the menu is "American Japanese" but they'll tell you themselves that's exactly what they're going for.
I try to sample sushi in every city I visit and let me say, this was some sub par sushi. A friend recommended we come here, but  confessed she'd never had the sushi. I wish she had so I wouldn't have wasted my Scottsdale sushi sampling here.

Sushi was not particularly fresh and they use that disgusting mayonnaisy crab mix in the rainbow roll. I'm so tired of sushi places not noting on their menu that they use KRAB (aka imitation) and not crab. Perhaps I'm just an L.A. sushi snob, but I can't get into a sushi spot like this. It was extremely inauthentic and the sushi tasted very manufactured. 

The only reason this spot didn't get a one star is due to the friendly staff. The bartenders were really pretty so I can see why men might frequent the spot. From reading the other reviews it seems the happy hour is the best thing going. Well sad to say we didn't make the happy hour and paid outrageous prices for pitiful sushi. Would not recommend for anyone looking to actually enjoy sushi.
I've been to Geisha a few times now and I'm a huge fan. They have delicious, creative, fattening (yes, I like cream cheese in my sushi you haters), funny named, fantastic sushi rolls. One has fritos on it for god's sake...this place is all-American. 

I won't go into detail on how amazing the sushi is, but it is. Lots of things to choose from and if you're not a super big sushi person, this is prob a great place to try out b/c the rolls are very mild. 

My fav part of this place is their infused sake. You get an entire carafe for $8...great deal in Old Town. I've had mango, pineapple, pomegranate and apple. All were good, but mango was the best. They also have some delish cocktails that knocked me on my ass pretty quickly...highly suggest. Another perk - the waitresses are actually really nice. Skanky, yes. But extremely nice and helpful. I don't expect that from a place like this in Old Town. 

Great people watching and great music plays throughout the bar/restaurant...give this place a try, you'll like!
Well I've only been once so maybe it was just a crazy night but Geisha just didn't really do it for me. I went with a small group of friends and had called 5 days in advance to make a table reservation. It still took them almost an hour to seat us. The drinks and the food were ok and since it was happy hour the price weren't bad but everything was just ok, nothing special. We did have a really sweet waitress who kept up with us even though it was a very busy night and even took the time recommend items.  So i'll stop by again and try it again.
Fisher Price Sushi...

The sushi was expensive and tasted all the same. I had 3 rolls from the specialty list and all 3 rolls were loaded with tons of rice which drowned out the flavor.  I can't believe I paid $15 for a roll that was mostly rice and imitation crab.  Sushi rolls should emphasize the fish. 

This place did not live up to all the hype with their fancy names for their rolls.  Their rolls are good for people who don't normally eat sushi and are afraid to eat the real stuff... Fisher Price Sushi - my first sushi roll.  Yes, I am a sushi snob. 

2 stars for the cool atmosphere with good music. It seems like a fun place to drink just as long as you are not going for the sushi.
Three things make Geisha A Go Go my go to place in Old Town for happy hour... 3 things... and they are -

Teriyaki Ribs (oh my!)

Hello Kitty (sake martini/cocktail of oh so yummy strawberry like goodness)

and....
(drum roll please...)

All night happy hour on Sundays from 3p til 2am. 

What kind of happy hour you ask? half off appetizers, of which the Teriyaki Ribs are part of... half of maki/house rolls and half off (insert angels singing in unison here.) half off all drinks in house. yes you heard that right, half off u-call its, specialty drinks, sake bombers, sake infusion drinks... i'm telling you it's heaven for the Sunday lush!

So, why should you go other than the three things listed above? Because when you have a hankering to end the week with good times or start the week in a drunken daze this my yelpers is the place to go. The atmosphere is great, good music, good vibes, good drinks, music videos to watch, oh and yummy teriyaki ribs to scarf down, oh and good eye candy, girls and boys alike to secretly check out. Oh, and if you have a big group make sure to reserve a table for groups 10 or more coz it's crowded by 5. and when they say the wait time is at least an hour, believe it coz no ones leaving a good happy hour at Geisha! deuces!
3 1/2 Stars - I always enjoy the the music here.  Some rap, some rock, some I just don't know but I dig.  I love the picture frames here - Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, & Sid Vicious accompaning me for a drink or two :)  Rock and Roll Sushi!  I can't say I'm a fan of the Karaoke here.  Tad bit too expensive for me.  I'll just stick with Rock Band :)  Sunday all day Happy Hour yikes!  Keep me away or I'll be the bartenders best friend.  Did anybody try the bathrooms yet?  I don't know what you call it, but man it's one awesome JOHN.  I highly recommend you try it out :) enjoy!
This is a good place to start the week for the Sunday Rock Garden night. It's basically happy hour, but it last all day :). I really love this place. I've become a Sunday HH regular here. I can't believe I didn't go here sooner in my whole time living here. The house rolls were half off, appetizers were half off, and the drinks were half off as well.

My favorites here: For the signature drink there, and I did a fair bit of sample them, was the Blue Berrymore. It was a nice drink on a nice summer day. I enjoy their house rolls. The Geisha A Go Go roll was delicious, wrapped in their "Geisha Green" soy paper with a jalapeno sauce. The Gaijin roll, a specialty roll here, was yummy. It was an interesting take on a chimi, topped with their chipotle sauce made it super yummy. I really enjoyed the calamari here, again paired with the chipotle sauce for dipping, and the teriyaki ribs, which were so good and tender. The fried rice is really yummy as are their other apps. The ones I mentioned are just my favorites and ones to try. The apps here are a good portion size, unlike some other places, where you can actually share with people. 

It's a good place for food and the environment is really awesome! There's an awesome DJ mixing fun music, nice eye candy. It's a good place all around :)
Not bad... I admit I had some preconceived notions, but happy hour and a couple rounds of sake bombs certainly helped with that. I'm reviewing this on my drinking and entertainment experience since I didn't really order food. 

I really liked the setup of this place and the indoor/outdoor layout, there was a nice size crowd on a Thursday night too. I was actually surprised that this place was a lot smaller than it looked in the pictures on their website, but I didn't feel crowded or anything so it wasn't much of an issue. I've gotta agree with Erin G. though, I'm sure that random rock in the middle is there to trip up the drunkies!  Also, I wasn't planning on doing karaoke at first, but if you're going with a good size group of friends, throw down some money to get a room. They had a huge book of song selections and it comes complete with a disco ball and pole, which means good times are to be had for all!

I'm not usually in this area, but it seems like a cool place to meet up with people and have a few drinks...it'll definitely give me an excuse to try the food if I'm ever back here.
It has more of a college bar feel than Hip Tokyo sushi bistro. 

I could see where it could be fun possibly as a club sort of venue with friends on a very crowded Friday night. 

But, it's marketed as a hip sushi bistro and didn't really deliver. The night was light with customers, only a few tables, yet, they struggled to keep glasses full and service the table. Food was OK. The bento box teppan was disappointing, small, and over priced. The sushi rolls were OK but, you wouldn't be surprised to get them in a mall. The drinks were good. 

Unfortunately, we ended up having to go for 'second dinner' at another restaurant after wards to end up with a decent meal for the night. 

Oddly I think the place is owned by the same folks that own Stingray, yet Stingray is delicious and is such a major step up over Geisha it's hard to believe it's from the same parents. 

I almost never rate restaurants this low, but, it just was a bad experience for what it claims to be. If it was marketed as a bar to get drunk, get sick, and jostle with friends, OK... two stars.. but, it's nothing like anything you'd see in Tokyo.
I took my boyfriend here for some sushi and drinks on a sunday night and it was great. When we got there the hostess said there was a wait of about 30- 45 mins so we just sat and had drinks at the bar and jammed to  the music. Then about 15 mins later a table was ready for us and we were drinking and eating. My boyfriend ordered lettuce wraps and 3 plates of different sushi and I ordered fried rice, I dont really do sushi, and he enjoyed every last bite. For drinks altogether we had one sake bomb, one matini, and 2 crafts of flavored sake and for all the food and drinks it only cost about $40. Im really cheap but I thought that was great considering all the food my boyfirend ordered. 
The only downfall was that I left my sweater at the bar after we relocated to our dining table and when I realized it was missing it was nowhere to be found.
Geisha has become my go-to when I need to satisfy the sushi craving.

2 things that keep this sushi-lover coming back regularly...  Quality sushi, and affordable prices.

Aside from the decor, karaoke, and the service...  The happy hour has great pricing which make it affordable to visit once or twice every week.  

If they were open for lunch, I would probably visit more often.
Check out Geisha any time sunday for great specials on food and alcohol... Good vibe... pretty people and DJ type music on. Great place to roll into in shorts or dressed up. Many different types of sake make this place stand out.
So, I went into Old Town Scottsdale to meet my daughter for Happy Hour.
LOVE this place! First of all the seating is separated subtly.  You feel like you have your own space but get to enjoy being with all the other patrons.  Very well designed.  The low ceiling of the restaurant lends itself to a very quaint feeling. Well appointed and designed with a unique twist.  Not your standard decor for a restaurant with an Asian theme name. Great outdoor patio that flows into the main area so that you can look out onto the street whether you are seated inside or out.

Our waitress was excellent.  Attentive and followed up without hovering.  We couldn't ask for better service.

I started with one of their signature happy hour drinks. "Turning Japanese" which is a pear cocktail.  Perfectly yummy!  Not to sweet, not to dry. (Happy Hour specialty cocktails are half price.  Right on!)

They offer all their appetizers half price as well for happy hour.  We started with two rolls; a rainbow roll and a lobster roll.  Both very good and fresh.  We followed  up with scallop sliders....FABULOUS! These must be tried, they are unique and wonderful!!

They also have a very unique list of flavored infused Saki.  If you love Saki you will want to give these a try.

The only reason I didn't give a full five stars is because I will want to come back and try the full menu, not just happy hour.  But, from what I've seen and experienced, I would suggest this Sushi style restaurant to anyone!
The happy hour is sooo good! Very happy with both the food and service!
I moved to Scottsdale a year ago from the midwest and have been to Geisha at least a dozen times, all during happy hour. The drink and food specials are awesome so even if it's really busy I don't get too cranky about it.

The only day that's been really tough is Friday - between 5 and 7 it's packed and sometimes the service gets a little sluggish. I don't blame the wait staff, they're all hustling, it's just that the bar is slammed. Honestly, I normally just double up on my drink order instead of running dry... it might not be the classiest method, but it works.

LOVE the Vegetable Gyoza and the Phat Daddy roll. Totally recommend their flavored sake and the Harajuku Lover.

Also, I've heard that karaoke here is a blast, but I haven't done it yet.
Fun place in old town Scottsdale.  The drinks are pretty good.  Appetizers are delicious.  The group I was ordered sushi (which they enjoyed) and the waitress walked away without taking my non-sushi order.  After waving her down, I ordered the ramen - big mistake as it was horrible.
The bathroom with its total toilets are an experience within themselves...Overall, sushi, apps, and drinks are good.  Be cautious when ordering other food items...
I searched on yelp for some good happy hour places near work and Geisha A Go Go came up. (Happy hour every day 5-7)

They have a lengthy list of half price appetizers and house sushi rolls. Also, their specialty drinks are half price. This also puts sake/beer at $4! 

We ordered: 
Fried rice $4
Vegetable dumplings $3 (weird texture with the edamame in there)
Spicy yellow tail roll $3 
Eel and avocado roll $3.50 
Shrimp tempura roll $4

2 Sake with 2 Saporro. $8 
1 shot of strawberry infused sake. $4
and some fruity drinks, but I forgot what they were called. 

For 3 people, we paid under $40 before tip. Great deal. The food was good, but nothing amazing but the happy hour specials were great.
First of all - you know this isn't sushi, right? Yeah, its not. And quite frankly, its not a dinner spot either. Don't let that Asian menu fool you... the tables are awkward to sit at, the plates and portions are UNREAL small and not made for sharing oh and try not to be distracted by the Geisha Girl waitresses that look like they are straight out of a slutty Japanamation comicstrip - seriously. What's it good for? Well, go to Stingray and get some good sushi and then walk over to Geisha for drinks and karaoke in private rooms. That's about it.
Happy happy.

The quality could be better, but when you're paying half price for apps and house rolls, it's hard to complain.  I mean, $2.75 for a spicy tuna roll...how can you go wrong?  Add half off specialty drinks and beer and you can get full and buzzed for under $20. 

Now that's a happy ending.
I chose this place for somewhere different and the reviews were mixed.
 
The website's view of the inside of the bar is taken from a wide angle lens and it was smaller than I expected but I liked the eclectic feel. 
The music was good but the drinks were horrible (watered down and tasteless) the saki was watered down too. 
We just went there for appetizers and drinks and the food was less than average, like supermarket sushi at Trader Joes, bland. 

Quite a few guys with guys, so if you are a single lady or a married one who's husband got hit on like me, then pass this place up. 

The toilet was the only nice thing about this place.
Definitely good as far as I'm concerned.  Not the best sushi you'll ever have, but for the prices, it's just fine.

Also, the crowd is great, just so long as you aren't a bigoted hick who is afraid of her husband turning gay after (possibly - maybe) being hit on by one guy...LOL.

Seriously, check it out.
I don't love Geisha but I don't hate it either. The sushi is good, the drinks are what we go for mostly and the atmosphere is pretty nice, not my favorite place in old town but if you have never been it's worth stopping in.
A few nights ago I was really craving some good sashimi and I happened to wander by Geisha. Being that it was just me, I sat up at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and attentive, and he even made me a delicious bellini which is not on the menu by the way. I ordered the yellowtail sashimi as well as the salmon sashimi and both of these fish came out very fresh and flavorful. 

The decor in this place is very cool! Its a small space, but they use the space well including a patio and a private karaoke room. And the bathrooms...how do I explain the bathrooms...let's just say the toilet has options. Yes. Options for your bathroom experience. Overall, it was a good time, and I will definitely be back with friends.
SUNDAY FUNDAY!! Everything is half off on Sundays. Yes, so this is where you will be finding me when Sunday Night Football is on. They have flavored Saki that my friend has turned me on to. They have great sushi that is served to perfection. And lets not forget the DJ. Love the DJ. Bring your friends, get some Saki, and enjoy the last day of the weekend.
to celebrate my gals completion of the 3-day, we headed over to geisha for some happy hour goodness. such a good deal! it was chilly outside and there weren't many patrons, so we siddled up inside. '''

our waitress was friendly and attentive. the happy hour selections are quite extensive and we eventually settled on 2 half price apps, and 2 sushi rolls. only the house maki is on happy hour specials, but there are plenty of options. 

the tuna sliders we had were a meal in itself, so we felt as though we got a good deal. 20 bucks for two. but no drinks...they do run about 4.50 for happy hour. 

very cool decor and karaoke....i hear william hung is coming there in december!
AWESOME HAPPY HOUR. 

We didn't stay for karaoke, but the list of appetizers and drink prices available for happy hour warrants 4 stars.  I don't eat sushi, but there was a good bit of it available on happy hour and ALL appetizers were half off.  If you are into sake, you can get a whole carafe for $4.  

I can only speak for happy hour, but it was a good deal and a great atmosphere!
This was my second time at Geisha both were for my birthday. Last year we had a great time and they really went above and beyond I would give that experience 4.5 stars! The server was great and we had so much fun. This year they were kind of snooty with us. We were all ordering food spending money and they come in the room and demand the money for the room rental. It was embarrassing. They had my credit card why in the world they did that was beyond me. We also got the "big" room this time and I was expecting more food as per advertised on the website. Nope. 2 little trays of food. I think we had 4 trays last time in the small room that's only $100 an hour. The large room isn't cheap even half off you have to book 2 hours so it's $150. I don't think I will be repeating again next year. Just not worth the hassle. Also their website has a bunch of false info about happy hour. Beware. Many of my friends were charged different prices for the same things.
I was in Phoenix last week for work and wanted to try a sushi place that I hadn't been to before in Old Town. (Somewhat of a challenge since I lived there for six years.) Geisha a Go Go came up on both my Yelp and OpenTable mobile app, so I thought, why not?

All of the reviews raved about their happy hour which I'd be missing since I wouldn't be off work in time. We went down anyways for dinner since the food reviews were pretty good. 

I was expecting this place to be a restaurant but its TOTALLY more like a bar. The tables were tiny and the music was blaring. We ordered several dishes for dinner which barely fit on the table at the same time. The food was good but I was expecting a normal sit-down dinner which we didn't get.

Case in point - when everyone raves about happy hour at a place on yelp - go there for happy hour, not dinner!
Geisha HH Sundays cannot be beat... I am officially a Geisha groupie/whore coz i love this place! The music's always HAPPENING and the drinks are plenty cheap and constantly a-pouring, I swear if I could choose my heaven I think Geisha would be it... (hmmm that can either mean i wanna party it up or I am that crassy?)! Anywho, I celebrated my birthday at Geisha last October and got myself the largest karaoke room available to fit my guestlist of 20. Now, they say that the room can fit 20 but I think they fail to mention... maybe 20 skinny Japanese not 20 american adults. lol. I got the room for half price since my bday was on a sunday (i later found out and not sure if it has always been but you can get a karaoke room free on your bday, score! not for me =( ) 

Anyways, karaoke room at half off with some free apps, and a server that handled my group's orders, and with all day hh going on and 2 hours of fun and bad singing = hella good fun! I loved that the total of the bill split amongst people came out to around $210 excl. the room, lots of cocktails were had and soooooooooo many orders of teriyaki ribs. And this is why I adore Geisha, the apps don't suck, the rolls are yummy, the drinks delicious and the atmosphere cannot be beat. I always rave about this place and I think the consequence is that this place gets even more crowded every Sun I come here. still in love with you Geisha!!
So things may have gotten off to a rocky start (losing our reservation for 13 and having to eat outside), but thanks to friendly service and yummy rolls, I found myself in a very forgiving mood. 

Is this place super authentic for you sushi snobs? Definitely no. But it's a fun atmosphere and there are plenty of options for vegetarians, and even non-sushi eaters (everyone loved the chicken teriyaki sliders). The most memorable item of the night for me was a roll featuring crushed fritos. Sounds gross, I know, but with the katsu sauce on it it tasted more like panko breading than corn chips. 

Most importantly, the cocktails are amazing - I could not get enough of my kiwi cocktail (I think it was called the kinky cooler - ignore the name and just try it!)

After dinner, we piled into one of the private karaoke rooms and thanks to our helpful waitress and many sake bombs, we had a wonderful night. They were lacking some randomly important karaoke songs, but we managed to have a good time regardless. I have to say I thought we'd get more use out of the pole in the middle of the room though!

Two very important notes, one good, one not so good:

First, you MUST go to the bathroom. Anyone who's ever been curious about those fancy Japanese toilets will have a blast in the ladies' room (can't speak for the boys' room). I'm surprised they put them in because I bet on busy nights a long line must form as people are testing out all the fun, weird functions on the toilet. 

Second, a note to whoever writes the descriptions for the rolls on the menu: You may not have too many Asians in your life, but next time you're thinking of a way to describe your sushi, saying things like 'you no likey?' and 'herro!' are not appropriate and may be offensive to some!
Sign me up for a return visit based on the eye candy alone. Every server here was a total smoke show! The amount of times I fell in love was the equivalent to the number of sake bombs I consumed (4) making my evening both easy on the eyes and buzzworthy. 

Even though I showed up late to meet my coworkers and the food was not exactly fresh, it was certainly apparent that for Scottsdale sushi this is a hot spot. Several of the rolls I tried were unique with innovative flavor combinations. 

For dessert we headed into the private karaoke rooms where I ordered a large humiliation sundae. My only caution is to be prepared for the most random song selection you've ever seen. With very minimal hip hop or 80's tunes and a heavy dose of Celine Dion, just be prepared to double my intake of bombs in order to be comfortable singing here.
A trip to Geisha A Go-Go = a cab-cab ride home.  I just love this place, and it's quickly becoming a favorite spot for heading out with the Little Lady, meeting friends for HH, late evening, late night, anytime!

HH specials are fantastic, and the food is very good (this isn't a premium sushi joint...but very respectable sushi for a bar).  Geisha is just a really cool spot, that does a lot of different things well...and it all works out somehow.  It's a bar, a restaurant, a club, and a karaoke spot.  Constant good vibe and great service.

I've only had the bad judgement to bring my tone-deaf-no-talent self into a karaoke room once, and I promise you there is not enough sake in this place for that to happen again!
Remember your first? Kind of awk, there were lots of adult beverages and too many people around, maybe you were both trying a bit too hard, but then you felt elated afterward? 

Yeah, Geisha a Go-Go was like that. Although I was much like Cameron Diaz in my best friend's wedding (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTSBUUpoqRQ) overall I had a rad time at this karaoke bar, mostly due to the company. If I had to rate this spot on sushi alone, they'd probably get a 3, and although the fries tasted fishy, we kept eating them. Fries at a sushi bar, you ask? Yes, yes indeed. The menu was a bit overwhelming  - sometimes it's better to have fewer options rather than more - although I thought the Geisha Lips, Astroboy and Dragonball rolls were standouts. The drink menu is predictably strong and fruity, with kudos to the infused sakes, lots of bubbles options (although only one by the glass), and the Kotori Kick.

Would I go back to Geisha? Well, she was my karaoke first, so she'll always hold a special place in my heart. So, yes.

P.S. Do not miss a stop in the bathroom. Seriously.
Wake me up, before you Geisha A Go Go...

This place conjures up images of super cool Geisha chicks wearing modified robes (ie super short) with white boots dancing to "These Boots Are Made For Walking." I just love the fun vibe here, which is carried through to both the cocktail and sushi menus.
 
It's not just about vibe, though. The food is Wham Bam Good!

The veggie gyoza is possibly amongst the best I've ever had and I've had a lot in my time. I'm talking about whole edamame in the dumplings! Wrappers are slightly crisp, perfectly pan fried. 

I also recommend the tasty veg soba noodles. A very simple dish, but one that I all but inhaled, because it's perfectly prepared.

The veggie sushi roll was slightly disappointing. As it's the only vegetarian sushi option that I found on the menu, I ordered it hoping for more than the usual carrot, cuc and...? (no avocado to be found and I think it should always be featured in a veggie roll to keep it from being too dry). The whole shebang is just really tasteless. The avo/cuc roll I ordered never arrived, but I know our large table ordered up so much that it's not really a big deal. If I had really wanted it, I would have asked for it. I do think that because Geisha is a post modern take on a sushi joint that they could stand to get creative with the vegetarian sushi rolls.

Now, let's turn to the fun karaoke rooms! Never did the private room thang before and although the machines kind of confused us (as did the song choices, quite honestly), the super sweet and lovely waitresses/hostesses never left us hanging and tried to be of assistance whenever they could.

Next time I'm back, I'll be singing my rendition of Wake Me Up Before You Go Go (what? I love that song!) in homage to all the geishas out there...wave your hands like you just don't care...oh, the possibilities are endless when you have a cocktail in one hand and mic in the other.
I have been coming here for almost two years now, I love it! I go during happy hour or on Industry Sunday's....

1/2 off apps, maki, drinks, and karaoke....how do you not go wrong?! I always get edamame, vegetable gyozas, and maki. Also if you have not tried the sochu, this is a nice place to do so, they have them flavored and pomegranate always wins my heart. And for $4 one can get a carafe (equivalent to about 8-10 shots total)....again, cannot go wrong here. 
So the bill at the end is usually around the $20 mark, great service, decent food and fun atmosphere.
Let's break it down Vanilla Ice style. And not Ice, Ice Baby. Too obvious. I'm going deeper cut to "Stop That Train" 'cause that's what true Ice fans do.


It ain't no average night, first night out in A-Z,
I'm with this group that I know, a bunch of superstars and me!
We got it going on, from the west to the east
Our team is now complete, and so unique
We yelp with passion like we are possessed
Reading the menu, sushi's good but not the best
"One of these yes oh please." to the waitress I screamed
Write it down but takes a while, still she could waitress the A-team
Our group was, one of many that she had served
Refilling and chilling so big tips she would deserve
The sushi was decent, even with Fritos poured on
The edamame that we got was so soft and warm
But the real story that you should find in a book
Was the private karaoke room, and boy it could cook
Dropping my beats left a stain on my brain
But after two hours all I kepty sayin was

Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off

Oh Ice. You had such a gift with words. Word to your sushi bars.
Go Go here for happy hour! From 4-7pm you can delight in their half priced apps and specialty cocktails. Their sushi rolls are meh, but their teriyaki ribs are falling off the bone, finger lickin' good! The cocktails seem to be concocted for little Asian girls (which is odd since there are no Asian girls in Scottsdale, especially now that my BFF and I are gone) - fruity with cutesy names like "Hello Kitty," "Harajuku Lover," "Shiso Horny," and "Kinki Kooler" just to name a few. My favorite was the "Turning Japanese" which was like biting into a vodka infused pear.

Service at the bar was wonderful - Victoria is the one of the cutest bartenders in Old Town (guys, go pay her a visit). Drinks were flowing and the food came out quickly.

In addition to the happy hour and Victoria, make sure you check out their restrooms and private karaoke rooms, complete with "entertainment" poles. If you end up spending a long time on their Toto toilets, people will understand why. Seat warmer and a bidet? You'll want to take your business there on a daily basis.
It's okay - a bit pretentious and overpriced but so is the rest of Scottsdale so no big if you know what you're getting in to. They have a KILLER happy hour but chances are you'll get stuck sitting next to the freak at the bar making obscenely large hand gestures while slamming pomegranate sake like it were Jack Daniels - yo skillet, it's POMEGRANATE SAKE. The bartenders and scantily clad waitresses were all nice and very accommodating, we loved Amber but the next girl was hard to get a hold of once it got busy. What I did have a problem with was the guy (manager?) who tried to rush us out of the Karaoke room 20 minutes before our time was up and rush us from our dinner table before we even got the bill because other customers were waiting. It all felt very hurried and unprofessional. Also BOO to the "large" sushi platter that was supposed to serve 20 people - it was two plates with MAYBE 24 individual pieces of sushi, 3 ribs, and 3 crispy things. Can't complain about the actual taste of the food, it was delicious, but unless you come at happy hour you'll probably leave a few bills short and hungrier than you came in.
We happened to be there for happy hour, so we surely had tons of saki.  But we ordered from the menu for our dinner.  

The waitresses were surely smokin' when we were there, my male cousin appreciated it very much.  Overall very good, nice vibe, great hang out with friends.

Odd suggestion, but a stop to the bathroom is a must.
Fantastic happy hour, one of the best in Scottsdale. All the sushi, tempura, and saki you can eat and drink with good portions of it half off! My wife loves the fancy girly martinis that are half off during happy hour as well. A stellar experience at any price point. A word of warning, the place isn't the biggest and fills up fast, make a reservation.
The first I even went here was for my birthday in Nov. It was actually a first for my entire party.  Me and my BFFs pretty much have made this place our spot for girls night out!  Food is great! Staff is friendly! Oh and the bathroom is awesome! lol!
Worst service ever!  I am giving it 2 stars because the bathroom toilet is my new lover.  But seriously worst service ever.  Our waitress was such a bitch she actually rolled her eyes and sighed while one of my dining companions asked her questions about the food.  Really?  She had no problem sitting with the 2 dudes at the table right next to us, being little miss flirty flirt.  Every single drink we ordered came without a garnish.  Dirty martini up with olives is not hard.  Vodka tonic always comes with a lime.  Twice we actually went to the bar ourselves to get the garnish.  Totally lame.  I wish I got our servers name so I could personally lambast her here on Yelp.  The manager tried to smooth things over, but when a situation sucks that bad just saying sorry isn't enough buddy.  This place can kiss my ass.
So, me and my gf were downtown walking in the area. We're both from California and we know good sushi. It was after 9pm and we looked for somewhere to eat and instead of bar food we decided to come here.

We were seated right away. We ordered sake right away and the waitress gave us 2 glasses for beer. Not the way you are suppose to serve sake. Anyways, I also decided to get beer and I told her we'll just keep the glasses and to bring some sake cups which she did. Minus 1/2 star.

We ordered from the sushi menu since we were both waiting to dinner together. Chicken wings were not crunchy and lacked flavor. Minus 1/2 star. Yellowtail was okay but not great. We also ordered a couple of interesting rolls Gaijin (some kind of chimichanga roll) and I don't remember the other but it wasn't memorable at all. The waitress totally forgot about bringing the gaijin roll and I had to remind her. Then another waitress came over and asked me a couple minutes later which roll they forgot. OMG. Minus 1 star.

The waitress didn't have an idea of what she was doing and lacked any kind of knowledge of the food. My gf asked what kind of sashimi they had and she didn't have a clue and she started guessing some names. Minus 1 star.

Would I come here again? NO WAY will I eat sushi in AZ ever again!!!
Love love love Geisha! They have the best Happy Hour specials and Saki! 

Sushi is always fresh and yummie and drink specials can't be beat. Parking can be a challenge on busy days.
The setting is great! I love the lounge couch with the long pillow that you can't steal. There's loud dance music playing so you can bust a move while waiting for your drink at the bar. There's also a hug big rock in the middle of the floor so you can look silly dancing around it. 
I went with a couple of friends on a Sat nite so the place was crowded with young good looking people.

As for the sushi - it was okay to me. It wasn't bad, but it didn't give me the "wow, this is delicious" reaction. But they do have a squid salad that is very tasty and chewy. Great with beer! 

They also have a private karaoke room that you can rent. However, if you have been to one of those Korean karaoke room, you will be disappointed here. It can be boring looking at a blank screen with just lyrics and the songs are limited to just only American songs. So if you're looking forward to singing to a Super Junior music video, it won't be here. Don't expect a great sound system and disco lighting. However, they do have a dancing pole in the middle of the room for any sexy ladies to show off their dancing skill.
Tried out the happy hour  with a few friends and they do have some really great happy hour specials! 

I don't know if the sushi was mediocre in comparison or if the bathrooms were really so great ...but the bathrooms were my favorite part of Geisha. Who doesn't like smart toilets that open and shut for you (no more kicking the lid up with my shoe) and the seat is even heated! Just like the heated seats in my car. There was a whole panel on the wall for more advanced options, which I did not explore but appreciated the possibilities ;) 

Eating sushi at Geisha is like eating sushi in an Austin Powers movie. Shag carpet, low couches, very retro feeling. 

Not the best sushi or the best drinks but for the happy hour special prices its very worth checking out!  (or just to use the bathrooms)  :)
BEST PLACE EVER!!! This is the best happy hour I have ever been to!  I try to go at least a couple of times a month.  Half price drinks and carafes of sake, rolls, and appetizers.  
The chicken gyoza is amazing, and I always get two orders for myself.  It comes with a chipotle aioli, but I always add a little Sriracha.  Their specialty rolls are delicious, and they have the most creative names like Dragonball and Bye Bye Kitty.  The sake flavors are always changing.  Some of my favorites have been pumpkin (seasonal), spicy mango, pineapple, and pomegranate.  Another fantastic draw for me to this place is that their happy hour is 7 days a week and is a nice 4 hours long.  Some places do a lame 2 hour happy hour and your rushing to get there, and make it on time.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
Bomb .....................................................................................................................
Heated toilet seats
Great for Happy Hour - if you keep it simple - but not particularly good otherwise.

This restaurant is in a very convenient location and there's almost always parking right in front.  You can sit outside on the patio and when the weather's nice, it's lovely.

Happy Hour is a great deal with a large beer for about three bucks and half-price appetizers and maki.  If you stick to the maki - spicy tuna roll, etc. -  you won't be disappointed.  If you order anything else, you probably will be disappointed. 

Pro:
Good location
Nice outdoor patio
Great happy hour 
Stick to cheap beer and maki

Con:
Everything other than the maki is pretty lame
Classic rock 24/7
Delicious sushi...very creative rolls...however, the service was slow...and disappointed with the skimpy wine pours!  Come on...for $9 a glass, there should be more than 6 sips in a glass.  Just sayin.
I went there with a friend last Saturday and the place was jumping. I thought I was at the club ;) I don't know who the DJ was but he was playing Old School, New School, Reggae, and everything in between.  It was nice to see some diversity, too! I had the Calamari appetizer and a drink called She SoKinky(?)...delish! Our waitress was nice, but her breath was not. Def must check out the bathroom! Good hangout spot!
Went here after work for happy hour only because Sakana sushi was closed which was a bummer cuz I really was craving their sushi but anyways...it was kinda dead the time we went and we got seated right away but ummm we waited over like 10 mins for the waitress and it took her foreverrr to get our water & drinks!  My friend ordered the Hello Kitty drink for me and he ordered some dark beer. Later she comes back with the wrong beer and my drink ends up being really bland. It was gross.  We ordered the Frighten Geisha, Korean Rocket, Pokemon & the Caterpillar roll. Out of all the rolls we ordered the Caterpillar roll was the best but then again you cant go wrong with the maki rolls. The Frighten Geisha was ok too but the rest were eh...
Giving it four stars for ambiance, a nice green patio, an attentive cocktail waitress and what seemed to be a hilarious discovery in the women's bathroom by my friend who was visiting from out of town (check the picture I posted).

It was a boring Monday, and we needed a place to go after dinner. We didn't really feel like walking all the way down to 1st street, so we stopped here for some drinks.

Not a bad place. The crowd seemed kinda meh, but if you are with the right person or people, who cares. There are private Karaoke rooms. I plan on making a scene someday soon.

Drinks are reasonably priced. I can't really speak for the food since we didn't come here for that, and no one around us had food either. Hmm. 

My one gripe is they don't have Sapporo on draft. WTF!? For shame. I don't even like Sapporo, but I figured it would be a safe bet since this was a "Sushi" place. Oh well. 

The cocktail menu looked creative. I'd come back for drinks.
Horrible. If I could give ZERO stars I would.

This place is totally overrated. I went there to celebrate my 30th birthday this past weekend and was utterly disappointed. The head hostess was rude and didn't seat my party until an hour after my reservation time, which then cut into my karaoke room reservation time. They charged me for the full 2 hours even though we were barely in there for 45 mins, which was their fault. Furthermore, I booked a small private karaoke room, which under normal circumstances (meaning, a REAL karaoke sized room) would have accommodated my guests. The person I made the reservation with failed to mention that a small room will only fit 6 people MAX. It's more of a closet than a room. Most of my guests had to stand in the hallway because there wasn't enough room for them to sit down. It was horribly embarrassing. The seats were ripped up and the karaoke machine was totally outdated. They had a huge book of songs that was also totally outdated. They are also supposed to include a small sushi platter with the room which they didn't, I had to actually go find a server and ask for my sushi platter to go. Then the sushi was not rolled correctly and fell apart when I picked it up.

I am VERY angry about my experience here. I feel ripped off and they ruined my birthday. I would have had a better experience making my own sushi and doing karaoke on the Wii or going to a karaoke bar in Phoenix where me and my guests could actually have room to breathe. Avoid this place. HUGE WASTE OF MONEY.

Very disappointing considering I frequent Sting Ray across the street and love it there. I expected the same quality since it is owned by the same people, but it's NOT at all.
This is a standard place to celebrate Birthdays. The drinks are delicious especially the kiwi and acai specialty drinks. The rolls are over $10, but they are unique and tasty. The environment is very cool and the location is great. Parking is bad just like everywhere in Scottsdale, you need to park in the street. Location is great because you can grab dinner here and then go out after. There is also karaoke available if you want to rent a room for a special occasion.
Bento box Blah.

Would LOVE to give this place 5 Stars because the atmosphere is poppin,' the DJ was rockin,' and they have flavored Saki for the takin'! But everything ELSE considered, it winds up a solid 3 stars.

Seems like there are a few people that had a rocky start with their dining experience at Geisha A Go Go- such was also the case with our group. 

It was Saturday night and we were asked to relocate to another table shortly after being seating because another party, that was already seated and enjoying their sushi, preferred our location. I know, strange... to cut my venting about That to a minimum- we did eventually get menus, a server, and water... yay.

DJ was amazing- better than the club we ended up going to! Mixed B.E.P.s, Tupac, a lil Biggie Smalls... perhaps a lil Britney :). Bathrooms were also unique, contemporary, and clean. The Lettuce Wrap App with all of the Tasty dipping sauces is a great decision.

A poor dinner choice is the scallop bento box... Three scallops. Needless to say I regretted not getting sushi.  Instead of dining here, I would unregrettably recommend G.A.G.G. as a chill venue to kick-it.

Definitely want to go back and take advantage of the Happy Hour Special they have available through Yelp!
Many 'a time have I visited A Go Go, for both food and drinks...sometimes both. 

Drinks...over priced. Happy hour drinks are often watered down. Wine selection, so-so. The servers aren't exactly seasoned when it comes to describing the sake list.  Sad...sake is what makes sushi great!!  

The waitstaff seem more consumed with their appearance than with serving guests. No water refills, and you have to ask for sweetener (several times). 

I would not go out of my way to come here for food. It's great if you're in Old Town and want a generic sushi experience. You'll probably run into someone you know...or remember seeing at Smashbox but their name escapes you...The fish is not fresh and the rolls often have little differentiation in flavor.

On the plus side: Sundays are all-day happy hour. Half off house rolls, cocktails, etc.  

You know the food isn't that great when people are highlighting the ladies' restroom in their reviews.  I was slightly disgusted when I discovered that female guests have access to bidets. I don't mean to be graphic but....doesn't the warm toilet seat breed bacteria?  

Anyways...a decent place.  Plus, there are many great places in the vicinity to visit after stuffing your face with happy hour sushi.
Really good drinks and good food! Very fun place to go out and hang out!
I have eaten at Geisha twice.  Both times the food was greasy and painfully salty, and I am usually a fan of salty food.   
As a bar it was fine.  It was busy on a friday night, and the bartenders were pretty efficient.  The drinks were decent, but I did not order anything difficult to make.  It was a little too crowded for my taste.  
I might go there again for drinks, but not for food.
Best "pop in for a vodka press" while en route last night.  Cheap! Great service!  Got the sweetest photo of the night there too.
This is the only place in south Scottsdale to get really good sushi. Lively upbeat atmosphere and great Happy Hour deals. A "must do" with friends.
One of my favorite sushi places in old town, soon to be yours too. 

Best happy hour, super busy though. Half price drinks, appetizers & house maki (get the chicken gyoza - you're welcome in advance). I've ordered different rolls here and favorites are the freshwater eel roll, cali roll and dragon roll. 

Kudos for *consistently* fresh sushi served at a good temperature - but it could be rolled a little bit tighter, sometimes they seem to fall apart easily. Actually, every roll here falls apart, it's predictable. 

I've spent less than $20 with another person on 2 different rolls, saki bombers and an appetizer.

Servers are always sweet and seem to have fun here, I dig the vibe. I always feel like they work together to help each other out so we get our food & refills faster - I hope they tip their bussers well. 

And...definitely check out the bathrooms, like a trip to Japan.
Yeah, this place is one of the kickinest joints in the 'dale. I've always had a great time here with my buddies the Ryans, and even came here solo one night and had fun doing a couple of sakebombers, a little sushi, a few legendary rockers adorning the walls...this place has that right mix of hipness, cool waitstaff, reasonable prices, and great ambiance. This really is the perfect place to get your group on and have some laughs while chillin' Japanese-style.
Can't say I was too impressed with my night at Geisha A Go Go. It was a friend's birthday and some other friends reserved a private karaoke room for 10 people. 

Walking in I was shocked to see how small the room was. There was a small bench and 10 of us had to squeeze to even fit. It was not very comfortable - especially for the people sitting in the corner. It was also very hot in the room so that did not help matters.

I was also surprised the room was not decorated better. Just 4 blank walls - boring.

We had the room reserved from 7 to 9. I know for a fact we arrived after 7 because I hate to be late. As we were getting settled in the waitress told us which drinks and sushi were on happy hour. Great, we thought - let's all order half price drinks. So we ordered accordingly - happily getting drinks and sushi on the "happy hour" list. Well when the bill came everything was full price! When I asked the waitress she said "when I told you about it, it was still happy hour but when you ordered it wasn't happy hour anymore." Wow, seriously? That's shady. I didn't want to make a scene since it was my friend's birthday but that really bugged me. I looked on their site later to find happy hour ends at 7 so she should have never told us that in the first place. Or at least told us when we finally did place our order. Bad waitress!

The room comes with free apps and sushi which is cool considering the price of the room. The food was all good but nothing amazing. There are other sushi places in town I would go to before going back here. The drinks were pretty mediocre as well. The names are better than the beverages themselves.

Needless to say I do not think I will be returning anytime soon.
Been here a few times now and love it.  If you're going for appetizers the ribs are fabulous.  The bartenders are friendly and cute.  The waitresses are also very nice and friendly.  Love just hanging out and people watching here with friends. The sake bombers are a great price will definitely get you lit.
I recommend coming here with a group of friends (reserve a karaoke room ahead of time) during happy hour.  Get some appetizers, enjoy some drinks, and sing like no one can hear you- they probably can't.

Drink recommendations: Blue Barrymore (blueberry martini) and the "I'm Turning Japanese.  Careful though, they may not taste super boozy- but they are!  Which makes singing with your buddies all the more fun :)
Absolutely recommend coming here and renting a private room, especially during happy hour, as the room reservation is half off! They have several sizes of rooms to choose from, so even if you're a small party, it may work to your advantage!

We've rented out the 20 person Karaoke room 2x. It includes a stripper pole, for those of you willing to try and comes with a large sushi platter for the room! Our waitress, this past time, was AMAZING and was willing to work with us. Everyone got a separate check AND they were able to split the cost of the room between everyone, so not one person was footing the bill and had to collect cash from everyone!  The only downside to renting the room is I feel like Geisha is never fully prepared for the largest room. Each time I've gone, we've had less than 20 people and they cannot keep up with our orders. I don't mind as much, except that some people weren't getting there food until we only had 20 minutes left in the room. (for us slow eaters, that's not enough time). So, if you have any late-comers in your party, it really kinda sucks for them!
Three words: Girl's Night Out. The only day to go is Sunday, where it's Happy Hour all day. Such a fun atmosphere, and a fab place to people watch. The crowd may even inspire conversations that go a little something like, "Oh hunny, why are you still in your swimming suit from The W this morning?" "The W!? Yuck, I would never even dip my toes in that pool, the water is pure spray tan & herpes!" Classic Old Town moment. About 12 of us girls grabbed a big booth in the back and enjoyed yummy sushi rolls and cocktails (MOCKtails for this underager!) all night, receiving pretty decent service considering the place was packed. Oh&don't forget to hit the ladies room... you'll see what I mean!
Packed on Sundays due to 1/2 price specials

5 star: you MUST try this place at all costs!
food/serv/atmos: 4/5/5

BEST OF OLDTOWN: Best gyoza (potstickers) in oldtown!
First timers try: chicken gyoza, seared albacore
Watch for: Nina and Emily

FOOD: lots of strong options and vegetarians say yum!
Lots of great things and my vegetarian friends love their options. I recommend the chicken gyoza, seared albacore with TINY crispy onion strips, chicken yakisoba, squid salad, pork and veggie gyoza, and the shrimp tepanyaki but sub in the appetizer shrimp. Also good is the ramen. For rolls, the dragonball and the charlie sheen (always late and a total surprise) are interesting.

SERVICE: I like to sit at the bar.
I always sit at the bar and the bartenders, especially Nina and Emily are sweet, fun and playfull. Many of my other favorites have moved on to Spanish Fly, owned by the same people along with Sting Ray and Jimmy Woos. Usually pretty fast, but on occasion the kitchen can slow down, so keep on them if you have been waiting long.

ATMOSPHERE: Must do stop for Sunday Nights.
A must try for Sunday. I am there most Sundays at 9:15-10:15pm. Lots of beautiful people, lots of energy, and a perfect lead in to Sunday night carousing. Partly indoor partly outdoor main bar, Kareoke rooms, a very small sushi bar ledge and a two level floor set up that slightly elevates the back half of the restaurant. Oh, the big talk is the bidet in the bathroom. With lots of controls and services, your girlfriend may not be back from the restroom for a while... :)

AC Star Explanation:
5 star: you MUST try this place at all costs!
4 star: GREAT place!
3 star: good for variety, but there are a few better
2 star: avoid unless your date is excited to go here.
1 star: avoid even if your date suggests it...
This place is a joke.  Its the tinest little place.  The sushi was awful tasting and fell apart when you picked it up, so obviously not well made.  I do like the infused sake.  This place is a really good place for creepy old (or young) guys who want to gawk at the really hot staff.  Unfortunetly, I'm not a creepy old guy.
I really like this joint it's certainly a place I'd consider trendy from the karaoke room you can rent  to the cave like  feel. I need to point out that the use of the word trendy isn't bad in Go Go's case. It's just a cool little place that has unique drinks and yummy sushi. Every time I go I get the Harajuku Lover. It's a  girlie girl drink with Grey Goose Pear Vodka with Sparkling sake. It's $9 which isn't cheap but I almost always have to order more than one. Damn you to hell Harajuku Lover.  They have some fantastic rolls too. While it can get a little pricey I'm always happy to dish it out for a little go go.
This is currently my absolute favorite place to go for sushi in Arizona, and as an avid sushi connoisseur,  I have pretty much tried them all.  It consistently tastes extremely fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is lively and fun, and the menu offers more than just sushi for people who aren't big on the eating of raw fish.  The service is also very friendly and welcoming.  It is a great place to go for a drink, a meal, or of course both.
A friend reserved a large karaoke room for her birthday here. I like how the rooms were cleaned and there was ample amount of seating available. The pole in the room was a nice added touch, too. It has been a while since I've gone out for karaoke with friends so I was excited to sing my heart out and down shots of soju.

They had a large selection of songs to choose from and we had a hard time deciding since our time was limited and there was quite a few of us. We had a blast singing and dancing along while sippin' on some flavored sake. I usually enjoy soju (or sochu) at karaoke joints which they didn't have, but flavored sake is just as good and sure hit the spot. We had several carafes of the Mango, Cucumber and Pomegranate. Mango was my favorite since I'm a sucker for Mango but the Cucumber was refreshing and the Pomegranate wasn't bad either. 

I thought the rooms were outrageously pricy,though. $150 an hour for a large room. But given that there aren't really any private room karaoke spots available out here I can see how they can charge such price and have people actually pay it. I think there are two others private room karaoke places but one caters to a chinese clientele with very limited english songs and the other is a brand new one in chandler that I have not explored yet so i don't know too much details on it. So for now, I guess it's pretty much the only private room karaoke spot I know of here. I hope more spots open up around here cause I had a blast and would love to do it again but I wouldn't wanna pay $150 an hour for a room. I know there is a half price happy hour rate, but I rarely can make it there that early.
I was excited to try this place out because I love sushi. We made a reservation online for 6pm so we could be there for happy hour, which ends at 7. We get there exactly at 6 and they tell us there are two tables in front of us that need to be seated that called in. So we go to the bar and get drinks and wait...and wait...and wait...its 6:30. We ask how much longer until we get a table and they respond, " We don't know, no tables have left since you have got here". I ask the manager how much longer until we get a table or if we can wait and get an extended happy hour when seated? He responded, "No, you can sit at the open table outside or I am going to seat the people behind you who have been waiting. You didn't say you preferred to sit inside or outside online (which there wasn't an option for)". ITS 115 DEGREES OUTSIDE. No, we don't want to sit outside. We decided to leave and call Pearl to see if they had any open seating. They said we can't make reservations under 6 people but we will hold this table for you anyways. LOVE YOU PEARL, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.
If your goal is to never hear a word anyone in your party is saying, then this is the place for you. Incredibly loud music managed to drown out any real conversation, and I am also assuming this is why the service wasn't that great - I don't think the waitress could hear us.

On top of the overly loud music, there were TV's playing sports everywhere, which really detracted from the atmosphere of the room.  Neat features like rocks in the middle of the room that added charm and a zen like calmness were overshadowed by the visions of football coming at you from every direction.  Geisha A Go Go - you don't need to be a sports bar, karaoke bar, night club and sushi restaurant all in one....

The food was good, and they had some sushi rolls that looked pretty interesting.  I went with the tepanyaki, which was quite tasty, and very filling and a good value for the price.

The service was interesting, long waits for drinks, and the food was brought out in no apparent order.  Appetizers appeared after full meals, and the easier items like lettuce wraps appeared a full 15 minutes after the tepanyaki box was put in front of me.

I would like to go and check out their private karaoke rooms someday, but as far as just going out for a social evening, this one will hit the bottom of my list.
Horrible worst service I've ever had. Slow no check backs no refills asked for one it never came. Poured water with glasses on the table splashing ever where. Watched an employee use the bathroom and then not wash hands. Food was great but can't say I'll be back.
Writing this review about 4 months after the night I went, which I will never forget, for a bad reason. I specifically told the waitress I had a gluten-allergy and asked if there was anything here I could eat besides the edamme (which I said if not that is fine i'll just eat the edamme.) The waitress  checked with the chef and came back saying I could get this chicken rice dish and they could do it in gluten-free soy sauce (she also brought out the extra gluten-free soy sauce in the bottle to show me that is what they were using.) So I trusted them in the fact it was the same sauce I use at home...but oh no. About 10 minutes after I ate I felt so sick. Someone must of used the wrong sauce or put the wrong sauce in the bottle by accident cause I was sick the whole entire night.
So besides getting very sick..(from whatever mix up...or lie..no one will ever know...) they do have good drinks at happy hour!
This is one of my favorite places in Old Town. In fact, it's one of my favorite places in the whole valley. The Japanese-Americana fusion atmosphere is pleasant and well done, the food, from the sushi to their cooked fare, is quite good and the staff is typically very friendly and attentive. Plus, their Happy Hour specials are great! It can be a little loud when it's packed (especially during their happy hour specials), but I don't recall ever having to yell across the table to have a conversation. 

Definitely check this place out!
I went here with a group for a bridal shower and rented one of the private rooms.  Now, we knew this was Scottsdale, so it would be expensive, but generally, I've never had a "bad" experience in Scottsdale as a result.  Well, this was it.  

The room wasn $75 an hour and boy was tiny- it said for 10, but we had 10 people and at least two had to sit on the floor the entire time.  We were supposed to get a $75 tray with the room and it came with three 1/2 order apps and three rolls- all with crab.  Now, if I added it up according to the menu, there was no way it came to that value.  

The karoke song menu was marginal, lots of duplicate songs and songs with tracks that we had never heard- despite knowing the song line by line. 

On top of that, the service was terrible- the waitress kept coming in to refill our water, but we had to practically demand her to take a drink or food order. Then, when we got our drinks, there were only 3 people who found their drink good- or even palatable- and matched what was stated/shown on the drink menu.  The sushi tray was OK at best, and although two people did order sushi and say it was OK, the rolls were loosely done.  The two salads we got were not very good at all.  The cobb salad had a lot of toppings, but very little dressing and the lettuce was weird.  Not sure how, but it was.   The ceasar salad was dry and tasteless according to my friend. 

I would never go back again nor would I reccomend anyone else to go back either.
Don't go here.

I also subscribe to Open Table.  This place has been advertising 1,000 point dinners for the weekends that are not available.  Geisha a Go Go does not take weekend reservations, so the advertisement of a 1,000 point dinner is fraud by enticement. They offer a service or reward that is never available.


Give it a skip, go to Hiro or Kampai.
This place has a great happy hour.  The Scottsdale people-watching is top-notch, too.  Highly recommended place for good sushi in Old Town.

I always sit outside on the patio...
I'd give the sushi a 3, atmosphere and location a 4, and service a 4- however I went during the week, and it was not busy at all. Seems like a very cool place for sake bombs and embarrassing karaoke nights. 
Overall, not bad at all!
We came here as one of the stops on my bachelorette party so my review might be a little off because, well because I was off.  We had reserved a room for karaoke.  It was kinda small, but cozy.  They had a good selection of music.  

We had sushi, yummy.  Drinks, lots of yummy Saki.  We were loud and crazy and we could do it all in private!

Now to the creme de le creme.  The toilet.  O.M.G.  Really?  An automatic everything toilet?  Butt warmer, butt cleaner, coochy cleaner, blower.  Holy cow.  I need one of these in my home. 

Place was very pricey though.  We had a two hour rental which was over $100.  Plus drinks and tips.  The sushi came with the room.
Cheap GOOD drinks, good sushi, great happy hour, decent location. Not too shabby.  Be advised, get their early as this place does fill up fast on certain days.. (Usually Thursdays and Fridays)! The patio is for the smokers, so if you are a smoker, you will be happy to have your own little section. Oh and the DJ is pretty damn good to. Especially on Fridays :)
Absolutely my favorite Sushi spot! Especially on Sunday's! Half off! Great atmosphere, food and crowd. Good times!
i went here for a friends birthday party. everything was just mediocre. the waitress was super nice and great at recommending drinks. i had the kiwi one...totally recommend it. 

i am not sure what their system is but it's a mess. they kept bringing random sushi rolls that no one ordered and then they would get pissed like we playing a trick on them or something. 

then they wouldn't bring some rolls out at all so people were waiting forever. 

then people had rolls on their tabs that they didn't even order. it was a mess.
I like the ambiance of this place.....the servers are friendly....The drinks are good too :).....though the sushi is not that great.... I would come back here only for the Drinks :):)
They have those fancy Japanese LED automatic screen high tech doo-dad toilets! This place is a must try for those alone! Yes, I want my toliet to have a blow dryer (no paper required unless you have dropped a deuce), seat heating, massage options, water jet adjustments (so many witty responses to be had here, but too inappropriate), automatic lid opening, and automatic flushing, which can all be accessed by a control panel on the wall!

I've always visited Geisha on the weekend before heading out to Old Town and really love coming here on Sunday nights (1/2 price drinks and apps!). They have a DJ every weekend night playing great tunes while you eat yummy sushi and stare at dead rock stars behind the bar. Yep, there are beautiful photos of Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, and Sid Vicious along with a rock (literally) themed wall and sculpture in the middle of the restaurant.  I really enjoy the sushi here and have never had a bad roll. My absolute favorite drink to get tipsy on is their Kinki Kooler. It consists of Dragonberry vodka, fresh kiwi, and lime juice. So delicious, before you know it you have downed three and started dancing to the music in your chair, yep, you are that person! You're welcome.

Service has always been great, friendly, attentive staff. Once it gets busy it can be hard to find the hostess, but when she does, you get helped right away. There are also private karaoke rooms that one can rent out for an event which all have patios that you can sit at and people watch at night (that is always a good time). I did notice about four TV's inside playing a football game, while there were an additional four outside playing a different game. Generally, these TV's have on music videos so it was interesting to see sports, I'm not sure how that happened, because the crowd here doesn't strike me as interested in sports.
Even this place is owned by the same owner who owns Stingray . . . can you say that quickly 3 times?? I love this place cause it has a much more casual vibe and service is always quick and good here.
I love their happy hour menu with their $4 sake infusions.  I can get away with spending $12 for 3 rolls of sushi plus $4 for a sake infusion and be completely satisfied.  $16 . . . can't be beat!  My fav of the sake infusion is the pomegranate . . . so delicious and potent.  Be careful how much you drink because it tastes like juice with a full punch!!
I also like taking my 5 yr. old here for their happy hour.  The waitress is always super friendly to him.  Fabulous!!
I love sunday all day happy hour 
surely a treat and there rolls are amazing...



plus the toilet is out of this world!!!
sushi, pickup joint :)  love it
I had a ball on my first visit to Geisha! My friend reserved a private karaoke room complete with a stripper pole! As soon as the drinks and food started flowing everyone  was up singing and dancing all around the rooms. Great service, food and drinks!

Most recently I made a visit to on a Saturday night with my girls and we had a great time, the DJ was playing good music and it was very lively which made for great atmosphere for a "girls night out". We started with a round of drinks of course, I ordered the Harajuku Lover which was made with pear vodka and sparkling sake, it was the perfect drink to get the night started. We also ordered an array of appetizers my favs were the edamame and the seasoned fried calamari rings. We got our drinks and appetizers pretty quick but we all ordered specialty maki rolls for our dinner and some of us had to wait up to 45 min. after the first person at the table got their food. I get that that everything is made to order but if we put our orders in at the same time  45 min. is a long time to wait. At one point everyone had their rolls except for me and I had to ask the server was my order put in. If we hadn't been drinking and talking and enjoying ourselves I would have definitely complained.I'm still giving them 4 stars because out of all the times that I come to Geisha this was the only night that there was a slight glitch in the service. I'll be back soon most likely for their awesome happy hour!
Before I start, let me say that prior to this experience, this has been my favorite spot for sushi and drinks due to how close it is to my home . . . great food, tasty drinks and awesome price for happy hour

That being said, after how my wife & I were treated last night, I won't be going back.

We were the first of our group to show up and they said that we couldn't hold a larger table (which I understand) so we found a 2 person table and wanted to get some food & drinks while we waited . . . We were then told that we couldn't start a tab at one table and then move to a larger one when our friends got there because it would mix up between servers (meaning we couldn't order food) . . .  So now I had to get drinks from the bar and bring them back to the table.  While I was at the bar ordering, a manager came over and told my wife she couldn't sit there without getting food . . . I can only imagine this guy must have been managing a gas station before this because you would think someone with any restaurant experience would just have us close out one tab and then start another when our friends arrived.  I even attempted to speak to the manager to find some way to make it work and was stonewalled by a lack of any form of customer service.
Open till late and food is ok but the ambience is great...AWESOME FOR A MID-NIGHT DRINK

So! Dont roll your eyes when your read what's next. I wanna go to this place again to check out the "TOTO." (If u don't know, I ain't telling).  The food is not gonna be heavenly but it s fine for a sushi dinner. Love the Sake carafes! (might have had 2, all by myself) Great place to go with a bunch of friends and could be a potential douche bag hang-out depending on what time of the night. Food is a little overpriced but who cares about food when you are drunk. 

It gets a half-extra star (so technically 3.5 stars) for the late hours
Upscale/trendy but laid back bar/restaurant. Came here for dinner and loved it! The food was great, service was good, and it was fun to people watch... and also watch the basketball game. There was a DJ spinning some background music. 

Started with the pineapple infused house sake - very light, but tasty. We ordered the sashimi appetizer - sliced well & was pretty fresh. I can't remember everything we ordered but it was all really good. My favorite was one that came on big spoons - it was deliciousss! The Seared Salmon Special (seared salmon wrapped around spicy crab & avocado & topped with garlic ponzu sauce) was my other favorite. The price was not bad at all considering what you got.

Definitely one of the top places for specialty sushi rolls in my book!
I love this place for happy hour! Their infused sake is refreshing and totally wallet friendly! The potstickers are my favorite and I always order them. It is a great place to visit with friends or something relaxing and fun for a simple date.
I've been to happy hour here on a few occasions now and I have to say that I'm becoming more and more fond of Geisha. The prices are pretty decent, but what really makes this a great happy hour place is the ambience - it's lively and fun!

Happy hour is 4p - 7p every day and is half off sake bombs, appetizers, house sushi rolls...and I just realized specialty drinks as well! I need to go back so I can try the Hello Kitty and Harajuku Lover specialty drinks! Both look delicious. 

Not the most amazing sushi and appetizers, but definitely not bad considering the price. And for me during happy hour anyway, it's really more about the company and drinks than the food.

Happy Happy Hour Hopping!
I used to love this place until recent visits. Service has sucked lately...and really bad. Not only have I noticed, also my friends who are frequent patrons as well. I didn't really go for the food, as its sub-par nowadays. The only reason why I went was for the happy hour on drinks, half off everything.  There are only few waitresses I recognize from my early visits here, otherwise I feel as if I have to repeat myself. 

Well on one occasion friends and I rented a karaoke room, afterwards we asked to split the bill but she took ages and had major confusion. We waited like 20-30 for the checks to split and whatnot. Before we went into the karaoke room, we requested to have a table ready at 10pm when our time was up. So it was time to enjoy the dining area, YET they didn't have a table ready. Every was there an accounted for, and we told them our plans and yet they didn't comply. Even though there was a 2 hours heads up. WTF?! 

On my last visit, friends and I had a decent time until the bill came. We had to dispute some charges, asked for a manager and expressed that we had been patrons for over 2 years and this was the first time I, myself, had a problem. Just when I thought he obliged, he said he would take care of the situation and take off somethings. Moments later he returns with ONE item taken off and gratuity added. Again WTF? It was there on the first bill, let alone other previous bills where I had large parties before. I was outraged! We paid only the first total with cash and left immediately. I was so furious, I couldn't wait to get home and write to BBB. 

3 weeks later, no response from the company and now BBB has it on record. Thankfully I have found other places with decent happy hour and better food!! Goodbye Geisha.
It really annoys me when people complain about the service of a restaurant. Maybe because people expect perfection on a busy night. I rather think of it as my company sucked if I was too conscientious of wondering were my food was. My experience here was on a Monday and it was almost full. The host went way out of his way for us. The food came out fast. The drinks were delicious. Most importantly the food was very very good! I highly recommend this place!
Went there tonight for the first time. Really good experience overall. Great upbeat vibe with cool music, beautiful men and women. The sushi was very goo, the infused sake was too. Service was prompt and kind and happy hour prices quite reasonable.
We purchased a "large room" for three hours for my birthday - and it was a terrible experience.  I thought it would be perfect because my friends love to karaoke (and drink) -- but the service was terrible and the microphones/karaoke machine continually stopped working.  At one point - it took the guy a half hour to "fix" the machine... when you consider it's $150.00 an hour - that was $75.00 we spent to just sit in a room and watch a guy attempt to get the machine to work.  Not to mention we were told that we would receive large sushi platters -- and the waitress just "thought we didn't want them".  After we finally got the platters - other people wanted to order food and the "kitchen was closed".  Would have been nice to get service/sushi right at 10:30 when we showed up.  Not to mention the $600+ bill that we had to figure out how to split ourselves (even though we were willing to pay as we go...).  The service was terrible.

This place ruined my birthday.  I wish we would have stayed at the dive bar down the street (for free) instead of paying $450.00 for all the hassle.
Definitely recommend renting a private karaoke room if you get the chance. It was the perfect birthday experience and my family and I had so much fun. The room was definitely pricey but in general, you aren't gallavanting around Scottsdale w/o money. They definitely don't exaggerate when they warn you the rooms are small, think large walk in closet size for the smaller rooms. My intimate party of 8 fit ok but definitely don't think a bunch of strangers would feel comfortable in this small room. The larger room can accommodate many more people and has the disco lights and stripper pole. The waitress to our room was very helpful and accommodating. It must be tought to work in such a high energy/fast paced/drunken/loud environment so definitely props to them. The machine worked fine and after a couple hours and one too many sake bombers, you're not even singing the same song on the screen anyway. The song selection was huge! Lots of fun and easy to use. I wish they would put two books in the rooms though so multiple people can look it over and pick songs simultaneously. 

Food wise, my favorite were the short ribs. It came with our appetizer platter and we ended up ordering another plate of it. Possibly one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. The edamame was really good too. Everyone in the party enjoyed the myriad of sushi they ordered although I myself am not a big sushi fan.
So far, the best sushi in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Living in Phoenix has been rough for me since I'm a SoCal native and used to eating sushi all the time at my favorite hole in the wall. While Geisha-a-go-go is nowhere close to a hole in the wall, they do serve damn good sushi! 

The prices were pretty reasonable. The fried rice was the best thing I've eaten! It was so delicious. I wanted to do a repeat of that dish. The rolls were all delicious and tasty, although nothing I special, but so far the best I've ever had since living here. The dessert was ok. It was a friend banana lumpia dish. The really good part of that dessert though was the coconut gelato, which I found out they order from a local gelato shop. So nothing special there. 

The ambiance and location are what sets this sushi place a part from the others in Phoenix. I love the rock n' roll influenced decor and loud rock music blaring. I especially liked the part where the waitresses were not trying to impress by greeting me in a horrible Japanese translation of hajimemashite or konichiwa. I've cringed at other restaurants that do that out here and it's not pretty. 

The raspberry sake we had was more then enough for a party of four. The wait staff was ok. Nothing special to be honest, but she wasn't rude or anything, just average service. 

I was bummed to find out later that they give out pretty funny fortune cookies. I didn't get one, and had to find out about it on Instagram. So if you are eating here, ask for a fortune cookie.
Went here for happy hour to meet some people from work on a Thursday night.
Great happy hour specials. Younger crowd.
Food was very good.
We had several appetizers at the table and a couple of rolls. 
Sushi quality was very good and they do not make their rolls so large that makes it difficult to eat in one bite. (One of my pet peeves).
I will be back.
Considering it's Arizona, it's probably one of the better sushi places you'll get out there. I typically don't prefer these fusion type sushi places, but the ambiance and their menu + drink names are fun. Along with a few different rolls, we also ordered hamachi, fried rice, and gelato for dessert! Their sashimi was pretty fresh, and the rolls are tasty and wasn't drenched in heavy sauces (I hate when places do that).

Service was great.  We did have to wait awhile to get seated, but it was on a weekend so plan ahead.
Favorite sushi place in Scottsdale! Sushi is fresh, reasonably priced and service is great! Try the JPop and the Samurai Warrior. They have a really good happy hour, $1 Saki...can't beat that lol and they have happy hour on Sunday! The Saki infused drinks are tasty as well. The vegi wraps are pretty good too. Try the Karaoke there for groups!  They have heated toilet seats in the bathroom which is a plus! Be aware of the giant green rock in the middle of the restaurant if you've had too many saki...I don't know why it's there but can be hazardous haha.
This place has been my go to spot for sushi lately. I love the ambiance inside, good music, just enough TV's for you to catch a score but not too many to distract you. Great service. Amazing prices for happy hour. I still have yet to do karaoke here, just haven't had the chance but soon I will be rocking the mic with a stomach full of saki and Japanese beer. 

As far as the food, its good enough for me. I feel like Blue Wasabi and maybe a couple other places has a bit better tasting sushi, but for what I pay at happy hour and the great time I have everytime I go here, it's worth it fo sho!
Great happy hour, I can't believe I'm saying this, but their sushi is definitely better than their sister restaurant Stingray, where I USED to be a regular until I came here. Happy Hour is 1/2 off house sushi, appetizers and drinks. The prices are similar to stingray but with a much bigger selection, not only for the sushi but for the appetizers and drinks as well. I will be back...ALL THE TIME!  Try the Astro Boy!
So much fun! We had a party of 10 and rented a private karaoke room.  The staff explained it very well and we had SO much fun. The food and drinks were at their happy hour prices which was excellent! Both the drink options and food selections were delicious.  I loved that the waitress checked on us often and was quick to bring us what we needed! It's a must do!
Let's face it: Arizona is not known for its sushi. Sadly, this girl loves sushi. So A few months back a few girls and I decided to come get drinks here before a night out on the town. The drinks are inventive and delicious with adorable names. The first time around I only got drinks, but liked them and the atmosphere enough to bring friends back who were visiting from another landlocked state. This time, we ordered adorably named drinks and sushi. The sushi was fantastic! I was so impressed with the quality of the food, considering the place was packed with a gagillion people all ordering sushi at once. I have been back a few times since and would highly recommend sitting at the sushi bar. It is fun to watch the chefs, and it is out of the way enough that you don't feel bombarded by the other guests. The last time we went, we even had a great conversation with the chef about his recent trip to Japan. Very entertaining. Sunday nights are obscenely busy for one reason or another (can't remember why, but there is a reason for it) and nighttime in general brings in a rowdier "Scottsdale scene" crowd. But I love it. And I love so much about this place. The best sushi I have had so far in Arizona with great service to boot!
Cool spot with a great location - I like that it's not facing the main road so the hustle and bustle that is Old Town Scottsdale on a Friday night is not too "in your face" but you're still in the mix. Music is good and the decor/set up is fun. Service was pleasant so no complaints there. The sush is a bit pricey but that's OK considering the location. What we didn't really favor was the undercooked rice in our sushi rolls. Granted, this is probably not the case on the regular and was probably a one time thing but even then, I felt that the sushi rice wasn't quite as sweet and sticky as I like...maybe not enough rice vinegar? Who knows? Overall, we had a good dining experience and enjoyed our evening but we'll probably keep trying other sushi spots just for fun.
Geisha is the place to be! Luckily for me everytime I've gone here it's been happy hour! So the sushi is half off, plus the house drinks and all the flavor infused sake is too! I have done a girls' day here and it was so much fun! We ate so much sushi and got a pretty good buzz going for a decent price and walked around old town afterwards. Upon checking my account later, i realized the waitress put an extra $40 on my tab, which was frustrating, because I had to come back and speak with the manager. The manager was kind of annoyed because he had to go back in the records and find my transaction using my credit card to fix the problem. When he came back he apologized and said he would buy me a drink for my troubles. I actually had other plans so I said "get me next time." So, next time I came with some friends and told the waitress the manager agreed to buy me a drink. When the bill came they had comped all of our drinks! I have since been back many times and have always had a great experience. The atmosphere is great whether you are seated inside or on the patio.
This is a great place to eat and party. Really cool vibe.

Good service, no complaints here.

Food wasn't phenomenal but was still good, but they have some interesting rolls that are worth trying and fun to share.

They have some really cool drinks that probably make this place so fun. Different infused sake's and lots of different cocktails.

Def a recommend.
My sister's boss rented a private karaoke room here last week for a team-building exercise that I tagged along for. The room was fairly large and fit 20 people comfortably. I think the price was $300 for 2 hours and included a small plate of appetizers and a sushi platter.

Everyone had a blast. The food was pretty good. The drinks were a bit pricey at around $10 for a martini, but that's pretty average for Old Town. The karaoke selection was pretty big and the sound system was good. There's also a stripper pole in the room, so everyone can place bets on how many drinks it will take before the men start practicing their moves. The average for our party was 2.5.
Fun, fun, fun.

I am so not a hipster or Scottsdale club hopper. In fact I am most comfortable hitting up dive bars and hole in the wall ethnic places. So it took me along time to try out Geisha even though I have heard about it relentlessly from my "cool" friends.

We had a double date during happy hour, which is perfect for good prices, availability, and people watching.

The atmosphere is pretty cool. It borders on cheesy but it is still pretty fun. I love the pics of the rock starts on the wall. That makes any place cool. 

The music they were blasting was a great mix of rock, new and old. 

People watching was incredible. Highly entertaining, especially if you are married and in your 30's like me and you want to watch the mating game unfold in front of your eyes.

The sushi was so-so. Can't complain with the half off prices though.

The drinks were really good but I couldn't repeat the names of them to my server without blushing...

Veggie lettuce wraps were good, nothing outstanding. My favorite dish were the vegetable gyozas. They were delicious! Next time I'm skipping the sushi and ordering 2 orders of them. The filling was delicious and they were grilled perfectly. The spicy mustard aioli it came with was perfect. 

Service was good. Our server was a typical Scottsdale babe, except she was nice and NOT a pretentious wench like some of them can be. 

Management checked on us a couple times to see how we are doing, which is always nice.

We had a blast and will definitely be back...
happy hour 4-7p mon-saturday.

sunday 4p to close (sometimes earlier, guess it depends when they want to open?). 

1/2 off apps and all drinks and some select sushi stuff. sake bombs 5 bucks :]

good atmosphere, not a very large place so it can get packed during these times. 

sakeeeebommmbs.
The food was very tasty. The service fantastic and the atmosphere fun. I would suggest this to anyone wanting great happy hour.
Food good, not exceptional though.  This is more of a place for partying people than for a place for a regular diner.  Found the photos of dead rockers rather morbid- they all died tragic deaths.  The place is extremely loud, I couldn't even hear or speak to my meal companions without yelling. Did enjoy the half priced meal items.  Think I will come here only for that reason.  Server was nice, good prompt service.
Love this place! Great atmosphere and excellent people watching. The Sunday all day happy hour can't be beat in Scottsdale! It's usually busy but the wait staff does a good job keeping up. I work till 5 on Sundays so it's great to have a place to chill with friends, eat some good sushi and rock out to some tunes after a long day, without breaking the bank.
If you can handle usually sucky parking conditions, consider making Old Town Scottsdale's Geisha A Go Go your next go-to spot for happy hour.

I've been really impressed with the great deals the still-trendy (despite being open about 4 years) restaurant and bar offers. Not to mention, the space boasts private karaoke rooms, which makes it stand out that much more.

Every day, from 4-7 p.m., all appetizers, house maki, sake bombers, specialty drinks, seasonal wine and sake infusions are half-off. That's a TON of menu items!

Definitely check out the specialty drinks. There are so many to choose from, and they all tend to be very strong. The last time I went there, I started off with the cutely named Kinky Kooler (usually $9, at happy hour $4.50). It was sooo strong, with Bacardi Dragonberry mixed with fresh kiwi and lime juices and garnished with kiwi, my favorite fruit. It was too strong for me (I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to alcohol), but if you like kiwi, it's an obvious choice.

I tried my friend's Turning Japanese (usually $10, at happy hour $5), which I liked a lot more. It had a very refreshing taste to it, with Stoli Gala Applik, Peach Schnapps and organic apple, pear and lime juices and was garnished with pear slices. I'm sure it was still strong, but the sweetness balanced it out perfectly.

I also had the Hello Kitty (usually $10, at happy hour $5), which you just can't go wrong with. It's a pretty pink cocktail with Skyy Citrus and Japanese strawberry soda and fruit-infused sake, garnished with a strawberry. It tastes delicious, and how could you not order something with as cool a name as that?

I've also had Geisha's sushi before, which I thought was delicious. And you can enjoy all the cheap eats and drinks in a vibrant atmosphere, both for the high-energy ambiance and people who go there. It's your typical Old Town Scottsdale, pretty people crowd, and the bar is bright green with giant pictures of musical icons, connected to a cool patio. Happy hour was packed, so stake out a spot early and get to noshing.
Went on a Thursday for HH and pre-game before a comedy show down the street.  Place was hoppin, and rightfully so.  The ambiance is lively yet casual and laid back.  Folks were trendy, boys in their new bright muscle shirts fisting a sake bomb, ladies sporting the newest Scottsdale chic dress sipping a house special cocktail.

Staff was attentive, though a bit overworked.  The food and drinks were a little slow getting to the table, but they were worth the wait.  We had quite the sampling of sushi, appetizers, and sake.  What a combo!
Normally I don't like Asian Fusion but this place actually was really good and since I went at Happy Hour on a random Sunday, I barely broke the bank and that to me is a win. I had the bomb ass ribs, some gyoza and the banging fried rice. It was a little fishy (too much fish sauce?), but other than that, I ate everything in sight and on that Happy Hour menu. I don't know about regular priced stuff, but I would continue to go for Happy Hour here anytime. Food is bomb, atmophere is pretty casual/hip, and staff is attractive and friendly!
Sunday happy hour is so cheap! If you come here, get the seared salmon roll! I don't even care for salmon, and its amazing!
I was in Scottsdale a couple months ago for training and had to try this place. The happy hour here is great. There is not much to choose from on the sushi side of it but there is plenty to choose from on the drink side. The prices are good and the service is great. This is a very fun place to come have a drink with some friends for happy hour.
Are you one that's too embarrassed to sing karaoke in front of strangers?! Geisha A Go Go could be the place for you! They offer a few rooms that fit 10+ people, so you can invite just those friends that you don't mind embarrassing yourself in front of! So much fun! Some girlfriends and I were able to belt out some awesome tunes this weekend! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars, was because it was $75/hour for the room! Holy moly, I'll pass on those kind of prices! Granted, with that price came a super tasty plate of mixed sushi options. Thankfully my friend had won us a free hour, to sing til our hearts were content, and sing we did! :D
Waited for a table for 1 hour and 40 mins but did not get any because we were a
Party a two . Atleast 6 parties of 4 got tables before us .. They were rude to us and had the audacity to tell us that their management does not allow them to give us a table for 4 even if we keep standing the whole day. 
While standing we had 2 carafes of sake . It was ok. Worth 8 bucks because we went   On a Sunday Which happens to be a happy hour all day . I was charged 65 bucks on my Amex . Weird ... 
If my review can stop even  a few people from going to these snobs I will be very happy ..
Who would think that the owners of Stingray also owns Geisha?  Well they got it right with Geisha, amazing happy hours deals (1/2 appetizers and select rolls).  Highly recommend the Ahi Tuna sliders and Fried Rice (huge portion of fried rice).  get there before 5 because it gets busy.  Highly recommend for both happy hour and Dinner
The food was far better than I expected considering the club-like atmosphere there on a Saturday night.
great happy hour and amazing infused saki!! check it out
My favorite drink here: Shiso Horny. That name alone should sum up the outlandishness that is this rock'n'roll themed karaoke sushi bar. 

The inside is both cavernous and cramped. When you first walk in through the giant green door, it's like you are entering the walk-in closet of a Japanese slot machine hoarder. You have the option of sitting inside or on the patio, or renting one of their three karaoke rooms. We almost always sit on the patio since the inside is so dark that I'm afraid I might wind up in the wrong bathroom. The karaoke rooms are nice, although intimidating as you are being led down a dark hallway to a room in which your companions will most certainly make fun of you. Depending on your group size, 5 could fit comfortably in the smaller room whereas 8 is pushing the limits (imagine spilled drinks and dropped sushi). They larger room is intended for 10 - 15 and is pretty spacious. The sound system takes a bit to get used to, especially figuring out if it's plugged in correctly or trying to input numbers for the song selections. Once you get the hang of it, its smooth sailing and the only bumps are trying to decide which song to sing next. 

The Happy Hour here is fantastic - half priced karaoke rooms, maki, appetizers, sake, and house specialty drinks from 4 - 7pm every day. We can get away with a ton of food for very little money - it's great. I think we've tried almost everything in the appetizer section - our favorite being the teriyaki ribs. Then, we normally order the dragon roll. Their sushi is good, standard for the most part, but the specialty rolls have some pretty cracked out names. One of our favorites is the Gaijin - a chimichanga styled sushi roll, deep fried and delicious with cream cheese and avocado. We haven't ventured much into the other areas of their menu - salads, noodles, etc. The green tea gelato is good, but we've had better that tasted less freeze burnt. (If you want ice cream after this meal, definitely walk around the corner to Lee's Ice Cream Liquor - alcohol infused ice cream to die for!) 

I would definitely recommend this for happy hour or a birthday with friends.
I don't think I'm the typical Old Town bar goer; however, I thoroughly enjoyed this place. My husband and I went for happy hour before our dinner reservations elsewhere. We sat at the bar and ordered a few of their specialty cocktails. Their happy hour menu is great--nice prices, good selection. 

The bar staff was very attentive, and we enjoyed their infused sake recommendations. While the place was crowded, we never felt boxed in at the bar. 

The atmosphere is very hip and fun, and I'd  be interested in doing karaoke there. They have it in the main area on Sundays, and you can rent private karaoke rooms others times, too. 

Didn't get to try the sushi, but I will definitely be back there to sample the food (and probably more booze) menu.
Fantastic food and even better Happy Hour deals! Awesome atmosphere and late night snacks. Service is not the best, but that was the only complaint.
Oh Geisha - why are you so GOOD to me?!? Yes, you are a bit pricey but who can resist HH specials for 7 days/week? Very lovely.

Sushi always comes out promptly and tasty. Excellent/friendly service always. Sake and beer just pairs so beautifully w/everything.

Love the decor here - great job. Love the Morrison/Hendrix/Vicious posters. Love the rock in the middle of the room. And, the best feature, the toilets in the ladies room. They have controls on the wall for cleansing options and everything is by sensor. Someday, I too will have such a sophisticated toilet.

Love you Geisha!!
My bestie and I stopped in last night for sushi after partying it up on a "school night" in Old Town for Halloween. I love that Geisha is open late. Sushi seems to taste even better when hungry and I had gone out without eating first. Geisha wasn't crowded when we arrived and we sat at the bar to eat.

I rarely...almost never, eat fried food, but I craved a Vegas roll. Geisha doesn't have a Vegas roll (say what?!) so the bartender told me to order the Philly roll, and to write Vegas roll next to it. My bestie ordered the sashimi platter. Both orders arrived quickly. I bit into my roll with eager anticipation, but was surprised/turned off by the bacon grease flavor. ewww. I tolerated it because I didn't want the drama but hungrily eyed the nearby sashimi platter with drooling mouth. 

Lesson learned. Don't order a Vegas roll at geisha...get the sashimi platter.

I enjoyed eyeing all of the Halloween costumes as we dined and chatted. Geisha might become an after party destination from now on, but not for a Vegas roll or anything fried.
Two words: Happy Hour. They have an awesome one that's everyday from 3-7 and all day on Sundays. Their appetizers, drinks, and sushi are all half off and there's a lot to choose from. I'm a big fan of their kinky kooler to drink. The pot stickers and teriyaki ribs are awesome. All of the sushi I've tried so far has been fresh and tasty. 

There's a reason they call it happy hour, because it truly is the happiest hour of them all especially at Geisha. The music is rocking, the ambiance is cool, and the drinks are free flowing...err...maybe not free but half off is a pretty good deal!

If you want a decent place to sit, get there early as it gets really crowded from 5-7. This is a place I frequent while in Scottsdale.
Great deals on Happy hour... delicious ribs and saki
I was here last week with 3 girls friends. It was a Wednesday night so it was not very busy. We ordered some sushi and drinks. I had the only Chardonnay they offer and the second glass tasted pretty off like it was old.  I had each one of my friends at the table take a small sip and everyone agreed there was something wrong with it. When I told our server she took the wine and said she would bring me a new one and she did.  A few minutes later the "manager" came over and was asking "who had the wine" and he had an attitude about the way he asked. He wanted to let ME know that it was the same wine and nothing was wrong with the first one. I said well it tasted off and instead of apologizing he proceeded to tell me it was the exact same... pretty much trying to make me look stupid.  Definitely wont be back unless its happy hour and I won't be getting any wine. I am giving one star for management. The food and other service would be about 3 stars...
-Ate some TASTY food (Soft Shell Crab Rolls, dumplings and calamari were my 
  favorite): CHECK
-Downed at least six sake bombers (could have been more):CHECK
-Belted out some righteous tunes:CHECK
-Worked a stripper pole:CHECK

Had a great time with the work crew in one of the private karaoke rooms and was able to take advantage of Happy Hour prices for the first hour. Good times were had by all. I can't think of many places for a better time with a group of people because the food is delicious and the servers made sure our rowdy bunch were never lacking in beverages.

I would have given five stars but I found their song list lacking. "Wicked Game", which  is part of my repertoire to get the hearts a-swooning, was nowhere to be found. This did however work to my advantage because my girls conspired to ambush me with a Taylor Swift serenade. Whilst they were ultimately successful, I took pleasure in the fact that the Taylor Swift options were limited as well.

The song selection notwithstanding it was a great time and I can't wait to go back. karaoke or no karaoke I'm definitely coming back for happy hour.
Wow... After eating sushi from across the nation i have to say Scottsdale's Geisha A Go Go has surprised me for an ultimate low. Andrew, the manager, reassured us that we had something wrong with our taste buds for not tasting how fresh the fish was here. Insulting to assume. Not recommended!!!!
If if wasn't for a rude hostess I might bump this place up to 5 stars. That being said, this place still offers an AWESOME happy hour! Not only is there several, cheap, options but the sushi is actually GOOD (let's be honest, that's not always the case w/happy hour sushi). Also, HH is EVERY day (including Sundays). 

I've also never been to a place that's so accommodating at splitting bills. Seriously, they ASK you immediately if you wanna do so, and don't mind if every single person in your 10-person party wants there own bill!
While I have never dined at this restaurant, I am giving this a 1 star for my experience with them over the phone. I was trying to order a bottle of sake for my friend who is celebrating her birthday there this evening because I am out of state. The hostess was very helpful and went to find the manager. The manager told her they could not do it. How do you take reservations for your karaoke rooms? Over the phone credit cards... Basically a lazy manager who did not want to help make a night more special for my friend. I have worked in the restaurant industry for 8 years, and that is not hospitality. So though I live in LA the next time I visit Phoenix, this will not be a place I will be stopping by. Great job!
Their sushi sucks. The fish tastes dirty and the overall rolls taste old. Their drinks are decent though. And they have all day happy hour on Sunday which is awesome. The only roll I do like here is there dessert roll that's made with Rice Krispies and vanilla ice cream.
This restaurant doesn't deserve even One star. They have the WORST serving staff, they don't even check back with you until they give you the check to pay them. They are also rude with an attitude. The sushi is WAY Overpriced for the amount and quality you get. It's the worst sushi place I've ever been to in Old Town Scottsdale. Its not even authentic. I would recommend going to RA or Kona Grill over this place; and that's not giving them a compliment either. Very disappointed.
I've been here a few times already and just now realized I haven't left a review!

Sunday is the best day to come here. Half off sushi and drinks... fabulous all day happy hour. If you're not into sushi (and therefore, you're crazy) just get the rock shrimp bowl... amazing. They also have different flavors of sake (pomegranate is a fav) and sake bombers as well (Sapporo is in large bottles; Kierin is in small bottles). 

There's a DJ, and karaoke, and lots of beautiful people. Go here.
Love this place! Great staff, killer music, and delicious sushi! Tiffany and Adrian  behind the bar are awesome! & NOTHING beats their happy hour!
The sushi was delicious, different, and fresh.  It's a really cool place with a dj some nights. Check it out!
It was a nightmare from the moment we walked in. It was my friends bachelorette party and my girlfriend who organized it had made a reservation at 7:15, on a Saturday night. That day, the hostess calls her and says that they don't take reservations and they might not be able to get us a table of 10. An hour before we leave, they call us again saying that we are all set to move forward with our original reservation. We happened to be 5 minutes late, literally 5 minutes and the "hostess" gave away our table. The nasty hostess insisted on arguing with us the entire time and saying, "we don't take reservations!!" And FINALLY  she said. "we'll I guess we can put you outside."  So we're in, and we are hungry! Next comes the server... She told us that she couldn't do split checks and that they don't do that there! When we told her that SHE really didn't have an option, she now was able to split accordingly. The food wasn't too bad... But DEFINITELY, for a sushi bar in Scottsdale, it wasn't great. Way over priced. I will NEVER go back there again, and neither will the rest of the 9 girls that had went. As someone who has been in the industry for 10 years, I was embarrassed for everyone who had worked at this establishment.
This is a review of happy hour only. Great food, great infused sake, ridiculously affordable, and great service. I have had a great time here and will be back when in town.My sister who lives in Scottsdale took me here and we ordered a ton of food and had the best time, yoohoo, I m a fan ! Loved the chicken lettuce wraps, and veggie dumplings ! The decor was pretty hip/trendy/different as well, and I will be back to sit on the patio!
Best happy hour in town, hands down!
Trash. The manager is spiteful and rude. Would rather see a table sit empty rather than seat it with a table of girls. Felt like we wouldn't be worthy of a table, even though I have money to spend here for a bachelorette extravaganza. Too bad. I'll never be back. Managment is horrible and would prefer to see an empty restaurant that a table of girls.
If you lock your keys in your car and your phone is dead they give zero shits. I will never come here again, they treated a paying customer like crap. The manager gave me such a hard time about using their phone to call AAA, totally rude.
Really this place is amazing. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the service.

Went there for Happy Hour, and their Happy Hour drinks are amazing. I had Turning Japanese...I lost count after my first couple of those. The Happy Hour food is also a really good deal and tastes amazing! This doesn't taste like Happy Hour sushi, it's just good sushi. 

The only issue I had was the service. The hostess who sat us didn't know if it was Happy Hour or not, and deflected a lot of initial questions to the waitress. Don't plan on asking your hostess too many questions, apparently they can only process whether or not you want to sit inside or outside.

Our waitress sucked. I mean, she didn't smile, didn't check up on is, didn't ask if we wanted dessert, didn't refill our water. Whattahfail.

But whatever, as long as she brought me my drinks promptly, I was happy.

The atmosphere was really fun and laid back, so this is definitely a place I see myself going in the future.
Great sushi and an even better happy hour.  Seating can be a challenge, but overall a great place to hang out.
I'm usually very tolerant of rude wait staff but Tuesday night at Geisha wes nonsesnse
First off our waitress brings out a warm beer and was a bit put out that I asked for a cold one. She said "oh, we just got these in". Oh! So you give it to me?" My buddy ordered a shot of $20 shot of Patron Silver and the bartender mixed the shot with ice water. The sushi must have been from the diet menu as portions were tiny. The only saving grace was the fried banana/ ice cream dessert. One star is way too generous for the shitty drinks, shitty attitude of the wait staff and meager portions. You want good sushi, go to Sakana in Mesa or Awatuki. You want to be served over-priced food by rude snobs. . .Paris. . .Geisha A-Go-Go Scottsdale
My favorite Sushi place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area
Spent A LOT of money here 2-3 days ago only to get extremely sick about 6 hours later. My wife and another that ate with us contracted food poisoning. I'm not just saying that either, physician certified food poisoning, both of them. Still very sick, and my wife is currently in the hospital getting a CAT scan because of the extent of the infection.We eat sushi often. This is the most $$$ we've ever had to spend on sushi, and the ONLY place we've ever become ill. We have reported this to the Maricopa County Department of Health who are investigating the situation currently.
Nothing is especially bad about Geisha A Go Go, but nothing is especially great, either.  I was expecting from the way this place was hyped by Phoenix Magazine to be something truly special, even outrageous:  JPop on the TV Screens, staff that made a point to act as if they were in a Tokyo bar with all the attendant crazy fashions and giggly attitude, and drinks that were something out of this world.  While Geisha is pretty and very friendly, it certainly isn't anything unusual or exciting-- it's really just another Scottsdale Sports Bar with some Dark Colors  and Japanese Calligraphy hanging on the walls.  The food is just ok, but hardly in the same league as Stingray. The drinks aren't any more interesting than those at your local Bamboo Grill, despite the cutesey names.  And Phoenix Magazine had said in a write up that the Pachinko Machines were the high point of the Geisha Experience -- what a disappointment to discover that they are merely decorative, and don't actually work.  WHY anybody would put out the outrageous amount of money they want for Bottle Service or the Private Karaoke booths when there are so many other far more interesting bars in Phoenix that offer the same stuff is beyond me, and I am very glad I went here just to hang with friends before I succumbed to that temptation.  Not worth a return visit, unless they ramp up their game quite a bit.
Tried to get a table. On a Wednesday had a ridiculous wait because they wouldn't seat a table of two at a table for four. (75 minutes with tables for 3-4 sitting open!!!!) it's summer in phoenix! What are they waiting for to put butts in their seats. No matter. I left and went to Stingray who got me in with no incident at 7pm.
Geisha A Go Go, though flawed in several aspects, succeeds on the basis of having an unbelievable happy hour in a location that would typically demand otherwise.

Their happy hour runs from 3-7 M-F and features half off sake bombers, house maki, appetizers, and spirits. The pricing is relatively modest for old town, so the savings is noticeable and deeply appreciated. 

As for the overall quality of accommodations and dining, the staff is friendly and attentive even during the convergence of happy hour, while the decor is a chic blend of retro Japanese kitsch and jade-infused natural motifs. The food is good, if not decidedly simplistic. The rolls are well-packed and the menu features an expansive selection of seafood blends; however, none of it tastes truly exciting. The standouts include any of the broiled rolls that include spicy mayo as a warm, bubbling topping, as well as the Flying Kamikaze (a blend of unagi and smoked salmon with sweet chile sauce). Geisha's menu does reach for eccentricity (they have a roll with Fritos on it in case you are pregnant or high), but most rolls wash out the unique flavors and land as bland on the palate. The only item of truly low quality is the gyoza, as it is consistently undercooked.

I wouldn't recommend Geisha outside of happy hour, as it isn't good enough to justify full pricing; however, it is so cheap during happy hour, that the shortcomings vanish with the dollar signs.
Great happy hour pricing and food. 
Make sure your entire party is present or they won't seat you.
Happy hour-amazing!!!  You can't beat the half price.  Pretty decent quality for sushi, pomegranate infused saki was delicious.  Waitress was not terribly attentive. Not sure I'd come here outside of happy hour but I will be a regular here during it.
I've been here numerous times and each time, I remember why I love it so much! I will say, I am solely speaking of my HH experiences as I have not been for their dinner service.  

I have yet to find another HH anywhere in AZ with specials like they offer, as well as the quality of food and drinks on their HH.  The infused sake bottles are DANGEROUS and when I say that, it is because they are ridiculously cheap and tasty. Their specialty drinks are also delicious, especially the Pikachu. (I have yet to try every specialty drink but I am sure it will happen eventually)

And if you're addicted to edamame as I am, you can't beat a decent sized serving for $2 during happy hour. Not to mention the Go Go Fried Rice has always been amazing! (and the amount of food for $5 is ridiculous, in a good way) My favorite sushi will always be their Dragon Rolls which have always left me satisfied.

I've read previous reviews about the poor service and I have never experienced that myself here. (but again, I have only gone for HH and have always been able to seat myself at the bar)  If you only have a party of 2, perhaps sit at the bar or patio. Sure, it's hot in AZ but with their misters on and a nice cold beverage, it's not half bad.

The music has always been top notch as well. I am a fan and will continue to spread the word on the great Geisha a Go Go!
I'm becoming a regular here, the prices are just right, the food is very good and the drinks are amazing, I will agree with my fellows yelpers, they don't get 5 stars because their service, not bad but could be better.
LOVE this place. Happy hour is unbelievable. My boyfriend and I go there at least once a week and typically like to sit at the bar when they're not too packed. Certain bartenders usually remember what our drinks of choice are (saki bombs) and you can't beat that.
Came here with my friends for a drink and were AMAZED that our 3 sake bombs (complete with a full bottle of beer + heated sake) only cost $12. TOTAL!!!! 

Service was great - fast and professional. Both indoor and outdoor seating. Good place for people watching. I'd come back again for drinks this cheap!
Geisha has an awesome happy hour. $20 gets you very well fed with a substantial buzz. Word to the wise: Get the infused sake.
There are places that I have visited that I know I will return to and frequently recommend. This is NOT one of those places. 

When we walked up to the building, it seemed like a fun spot. We walked in and was greeted by no one. So we decided to seat ourselves at the bar. The decor was fun enough. Giant portraits of rock legends Jimi Hendricks, Jim Morrison, and Sid Vicious. But again, greeted by no one when we sat at the bar. Waitress walked past us without a smile or any kind of acknowledgment.

Finally was able to place an order, but it was like talking to a brick wall trying to order. You would think a waitress working at a sushi restaurant would take at least five minutes to educate herself on the menu. Oh, and never asked for a drink order. I'm sitting at the bar, I think that means that I want to drink. All in all the waitress did not seem interested in helping us. We came in on a Wednesday night, not busy or packed.

The food...... Some of the blandest, tasteless sushi ever. I could have gotten better sushi at a bait shop. Completely lacking in flavor, taste, and flare. 

Do yourself a favor, if you find yourself walking toward Sushi A Go Go, turn around and "go go" to Stingray (same owner but better food and service)
great sushi and I loved the rock shrimp. I'll absolutely go back.
Great Happy Hour everyday! Love this place. Probably my favorite place for sushi in Scottsdale. Def. the best happy hour. But I did take one star because they desperately need to update their menu. For months now there are incorrect items...including last night when I ordered the Tempure Ice Cream only to find out they no longer use Chocolate & Peanut Butter ice cream but they now use Chocolate & Banana. Same with the drink menu. Not a huge deal...just a little annoying.
So good, so very good. Love their happy hour.

Their signature roll, Geisha A Go Go (yes, that's the roll's name) is AMAZING. That's my favorite, along with the Dragon Roll (which I always love). I don't remember what else we got.

Been here a couple times now, and I've never been disappointed. Service is fast even during happy hour, waiters are friendly. You can't go wrong with this place if you're in the Old Town area.
The sushi here is very good, but to be honest that was not the reason we went here.  This is a fun place to chill, have a few drinks, a few rolls and save a few bucks.  If I lived in Scottsdale I can imagine I would frequent here - no question.  It's not a large place, and I'm sure this place gets crowed at times. We went during an off time and It was great.  They staff was helpful, casual and I have to say -  extremely attractive.  Stop by here during happy hour or to grab a drink and a sushi roll as an app before dinner.  It's a fun place.
Sushi, cute girls, tasty beverages - whats not to like? 

The DJ could have toned it down just a tad, since I had flashbacks from a car stereo competition from my childhood. But enough of me dating myself, and I'll leave my seat on the balcony next to Waldorf for a minute (ad hoc Muppet's reference). 

The Happy Hour is fantastic, and since we realized that the HH was still in effect when we arrived, we ordered promptly. I started of with a coffe drink mixed with vodka and attitude - I would have it again, but after that I probably just order what I like and not go for goofy names of weird mixtures. 

The food was awesome BUT the rolls that are affected by happy hour are very much alike, and that's cool. The appetizers I had was all great. Just deliciously unhealthy and tasty. The rolls was good, but we ordered too much food and by the end I was just stuffed. 

I will definitely come back here, both for happy hour and not. I was genuinely impressed in a place where I didn't think I was going to be. In retrospect I think I should have opted for outside seating due to the lower volume from the DJ's personal favorite remixes.
I celebrated my 42 birthday here in September 2013, it was my best bash yet, all my friends had a grand time in a private room with great bottle service! I will be back!
If you are looking for a fun, young, and a great people watching spot while you eat your sushi, this is the place for you! They also have a DJ that keeps the beats going while you eat. I've been here a ton of times to meet up with friends. If you are in a group larger than 4 people I would recommend calling to see if they can hold a table for you because its first come first serve and tables go quickly! The prices are reasonable and def cheap during Happy Hour, which is from 5-7 daily and all day Sunday for those of you who take part in Sunday Funday:) They recently expanded the patio so now there is a lot more seating available outdoors. Staff has always been good about seating my party and I quickly and also taking our order promptly. All specialty martinis are $5 during HH and they are filled up to the brim just the way they should be! My favorite martini is Turning Japanese, which is Stoli Gala Apple, pear juice, peach and lime, and by the time you finish it you may feel just that:) My all time favorite roll is the Seared Salmon Specials, which you can actually find on the appetizer section its DELISH! It also doesn't have any rice on it for those of you looking to cut out some carbs. This is what I recommend to all my friends as a MUST have! Overall, its a great HH spot in old town Scottsdale with well priced food and drinks:)
This place is amazing!! I go at least once a week! The food is great and the happy hour covers a lot of options! Great for a group of friends!!!
This is a good place to meet friends, hang out and have a few drinks.   The happy hour is decent with a few rolls and drinks to choose from.   All appetizers were half off and there is enough there to fill you up. There is a DJ that plays fresh beats and keeps it rocking. 

I took 2 stars away because of the sushi.  I would not go here for sushi, the sushi was not that good.  They try but the sushi was really fishy tasting.  Not sure why many people rate it as great or even good??  

I would go back to chill but not for sushi.
Eating here was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. The infused sake was good and wallet friendly however it was very weak, not like regular sake, I feel they must have diluted it with juice and not actually used an infusion process. This is not where my disappointment comes from. The service was horrible, and our server made it seem as if we were the problem and she didn't want to be bothered by us. I only got to try one roll because the rest of my food that I ordered, on the same order card, never came. They brought out my one roll on the same plate with one roll from another persons order card, who ordered her food 30 minutes before me. She got her second roll 45 minutes later after asking the waitress about it. Another girl had to wait 30 minutes for her first drink. I have been a waitress before and even if you are extremely busy the server should never make the customer feel like they are are a burden to them. Regardless of what the reason was, the service was terrible and the restaurant should either replace these types of servers or make sure that they have enough staff to handle the volume of customer they get on Saturday nights. I would not pick this as a place to eat.
I love this place every single time I go. Their happy hour is by far the best in town. Can't beat their prices. Both their sushi and cocktails are awesome. I've never had bad service here. Everyone is always very friendly. By far my favorite dinner and happy hour spot in old town scottsdale!
So used to Love this place but not so much anymore......waitstaff SUCKS SOOOOOO BAD! It took 30 mins to get a drink from our waitress, no one ever came to take our empty food plates, she was too busy admiring herself at mirror. Horrible service the only reason I gave 2 star is because happy hour drink prices are good.  Sushi is sub par, it's just run down and staff thinks they're really special.
Such a shame this place has such terrible service because the atmosphere and happy hour is great! Have rented a karaoke room, came for lunch and did happy hour... Every time horrible service! Long waits for food and drinks, servers and bartenders have poor attitudes... Pretty sure we won't be back
A pretty trendy sushi joint in Old Town. They had me sold with the Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix photos behind the bar.
first of all i don't appreciate being yelled at "WERE CLOSE!" from a female bartender, upon walking into this establishment i waited 5 minutes before someone offered a table and in those quiet 5 minutes i saw at least 3 employees and no one had the decency to say "someone will be with you shortly" good food but terrible service.   never again.....
We love this place! The happy hour is amazing, the atmosphere is fun, the service is good etc.And to top it all off the toilets in the ladies room have some added features. Haha! We moved about an hour away now, but still make a visit here atleast once a month.
This place has an awesome happy hour, did I mention its all day on sunday? We usually come to this place for some sake bombers and some of their infused sakes after a long day of work or a relaxing afternoon on the weekends. Service is pretty fast, the waitresses are gorgeous, cool environment. Last night my sister in law decided to have her birthday dinner get-together here, we reserved on of the karaoke rooms, alot of fun!
The bartender at Geisha was not friendly nor had a smile on her face ever. She became annoyed and hostile with us when having to correct our order. We asked that our edamame could have less salt and her response was "That's not possible." Not sure where her customer service skills were hidden but I sure hope she finds them in a haste manner.  Wishing her the best of luck since it seems like it will be hunting for a needle in a haystack.
Very busy place but a decent happy hour. The best part is the private karoake rooms which are also available at a happy hour rate.  Definite come early if you want a place to sit or to be able to schedule a room. 
There are some unique drink options and the sushi is decent.
I wasn't even in the restaurant for a full 10 minutes before I was denied service because my cousin went to use the restroom when we entered. Apparently you can't use the restroom here folks without the manager accusing you of being too drunk when in fact she wasn't even drinking. The manager had a major condescending attitude. FYI it wasn't even busy yesterday and they denied service to some very generous travelers. I didn't even know what to say. Awful.
Let me start by saying when you come here get the Hello Kitty martini! Don't ask questions just get it! lol. 

I've been here a few times and I really do enjoy coming here. I ALWAYS get the hello kitty martini. The name just speaks for itself. It comes with Pinnacle citrus, Japanese strawberry soda, and fruit infused Sake. Yummy!!! For food, I always get the Gaijin roll. It's like a chimicanga type sushi roll. I know, it sounds weird but it's actually quite tasty. I don't usually do hand rolls, and I've never gotten a philly hand roll before but omg, I loved it! 

The only negative thing about this place is it can be a bit pricey during regular hours. However, they do have happy hour everyday from 3-7 and half off ALL drinks on Sundays. The service is also really good. We were always checked on and they're also very knowledgeable about everything. 

I need to come back during happy hour and Sundays! =)
Awesome happy hour! And servers and bartenders are always cute and nice! This place is always busy but beware of the bathroom heated seats... Ewweyyy
I. Love. This. Place. 

Everything about this place is fun, and exciting. 
The food is amazing. My husband and I like all kinds of sushi. From store bought to fine dining. Geisha a Go Go sits right on the higher end of middle range sushi. 

When you first walk in, an assortment of Japanses video games line the walls. The dining room is trendy, and there are lots of different types of seating, including the bar.

The drink specials are always good, and some of their signature drinks are spectacular. 

They even have karaoke rooms you can rent! Seriously! How amazing is that!  From what I hear they run around 200 dollars which is an amazing steal for the experience. 

I know it's geeky, but I love the Japanese toilets. I can't tell you have many times I beg my husband to buy us one, but apparently they are "expensive" and "not a necessity" 

I've had date nights with the hubs, bachlorette parties, birthday partys, happy hours, and family gatherings at this place, and it never stops being a good time. 

Next time you're in, order a Hello Kitty. It will change your life.
Hubby and I went here on a date night. Sushi was yummy and so were the drinks. We went on a busy Sat. evening and there was a DJ so it was a little loud not overbearing though. Makes for good people watching. Our waitress was sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. We'll definately revisit this one.
I do eat here relatively often because my sister is a big fan but me eh not so much. It's OK like nothing fantastic, nothing terrible but when people say "How about Geisha?" My usual reaction is "Yeah that's fine" but what I'm really thinking is the following review: 

They have some inventive rolls but they are largely deep fried which I'm not a big fan of. Maybe I'm just being a snob (I am kind of a snob; full disclosure) but I feel like it's a little run down and old. It doesn't smell musty but it's one of those places that look like it could. Also, it's not like it's cheap; usually you'll spend about $40 bucks for two people I mean that's not a lot by old town standards but considering the sushi is ho hum and it feels a little old and like it hasn't been renovated in awhile I personally don't think it's worth it. When I go out to eat in Old Town I expect nice decor and delicious and this place just doesn't do it for me.
This is my favorite sushi place. Sometimes service is ok...but most of the time we have a great experience with awesome food!
Great atmosphere, great music, open late, always seems to have people here, sushi is just average... Not bad not good just average.
Love the atmosphere love the martinis and happy hour rocks! A DJ spins on weekends and happy hour it's a rockin place!
HAPPY HOUR! With all honesty, I only go here for happy hour, but you can't pass it up! 

$5 sake bombs = YESSSSS! 
veggie gyoza= YUM!
chicken gyoza = UHHH YUM!

and the rolls! oh the almighty rolls, they are all made to perfection ! They are really delicious.

All the apps are half price during happy hour, and there are so many choices!! it's excellent! and BONUS they have a DJ there sometimes that plays some groovy tunes. 

In addition to the great prices, the location is killer too! Old town is really a great place to go out so if you're feeling rowdy enough to start drinking during happy hour, you can hit the bars a little bit later and make a night of it.

WIN WIN LADIES AND GENTS!
Great place to have drinks and to grab a bite before heading out for the night. Great service good sushi.. be nice if it was a little bit bigger. More tables, other then that good place.
Great atmosphere, love the bar setup and decor! Also loved the low couch seating for dining. Enjoyed a few of the specialty cocktails.. The kinky kooler and hello kitty martini were my favorites! Definitely recommend visiting during happy hour if you plan on drinking a lot. The fried rice with shrimp, chicken, and beef was amazing! Sure fried rice is hard to screw up, but all the meat was perfectly cooked and added a lot of great flavor. The specialty rolls were amazing. I highly recommend the Dragonball roll and the Astroboy.
Ok so every night when my friends and I want to eat dinner we somehow always decide on sushi, and then somehow we always decide on geisha.... And every time we sit down there we say "WHY THIS AGAIN???". Maybe it's because it's the only sushi place in old town (except sting ray which has a terrible menu, is weirdly right next door, and owned by the same owners...). 

Anyway, Geisha has a GREAT happy hour. Like i'm talking amazing. And some of the best infused sake I've ever had. And the food is pretty good too. The reason we always question why we go there is because some of the servers are just so rude and terrible. In fact, the one hostess (you know who you are...) is SO rude it actually baffles me every time. Some of my calmest friends have actually gotten into arguments with her. I will say that there are some great people who work there too. But that hostess....man she's gotta go
amazingly yummy! A must go!
Let me start by saying that we had a very fun dinner; however, the sushi quality is just mediocre.  The Turning Japanese martini was fantastic. The highlight of our meal 
were the drinks and the dj during dinner. 

If ambiance is more important than the actual sushi, this is a great choice for you.
Red samari roll found me well! Arnold palmers are delicious as well. Great crowd here on a Friday night with excellent patio seating. Short wait for two people
I f*ckin love Geisha. I just do. It's awesome sushi, and an even more awesome atmosphere and happy hour. 

The fried rice on happy hour is such a good bang for your buck, and so damn good. 
The rock shrimp appetizer is cocaine to me. 
Great cocktails, live DJ, gorgeous wait staff. Karaoke room. Fantastic location. Can't ask for more.
Geisha is our spot. Cheap house sushi, drinks and apps everyday thru 3-7 and all day Sunday. If you dont get there early you will wait for 20 min to 45 for a table. Every one is nice even the security gaurds. Sometimes gets Really Noisy due to there dj but its Whatever tho. Great for groups and to bring your friends who haven't had sushi before.
I used to go here a lot a couple of years back. I remember it better. I have to say that the food is not even close to what I have tried lately in other sushi places. 
The service is terrible. There were two hostesses. One was Asian and very kind and sweet. The other one ugh oh my!! I can't describe how rude she was. She must think that she is doing customers a big favor by organizing the sitting. Since she said it would be 20 mins we just went to the bathroom and then stopped at the bar. A min later we see her pointing at as as if her mother never told her that pointing at people while you talk about them is rude!! I read other reviews and seems like I am not the only one thinking that. And is not like it was busy at all. Was close to 9 pm on Sunday. 
Now, despite it wasn't exactly packed when I ordered a drink it took 15 mins or more to get it. At the time of taking the order for our food they did not set up the table. I waited like 10 mins for soy sauce after my sushi arrived. So much that I just gave up and ate half of the roll without it. And the next sushi took close to 20 mins to come after the first one. Pretty pretty slow service. I was a server at some time in my life and I can understand it can be overwhelming. But then there's times when the service is just plain uncaring. This is one of those times. 
The ambience is priceless. You can't argue with that. Is it worth eating a mediocre sushi with mediocre service. Not at all. For years I spoke wonders of this place to my husband who had never been there. He was so sad to see me so disappointed. 
But oh well. I will just go back to my new place and never look back for sure. :)
In my personal opinion I dislike this place for a few different reasons. 

First off it's not an authentic sushi spot, completely Americanized...gross(to me)
I like the real sushi spots that use the raw fish just the way I like it. I had to order just a regular tuna roll and sashimi since none of their special rolls had anything that caught my eye. It only seemed like they had crab mix and tempura shrimp as an option. So disappointed. 

You cannot do sake bombs the loud and obnoxious way that my boyfriend loves to do them.  You will get stopped by one of the staff members.  Not like I enjoy listening to that stuff as I eat but it's just kinda dumb that you can't if you wanted too.

Scottsdale or should I say SNottsdale....where everyone looks at you like you are crazy if you aren't completely done up. Now if this place was like a whole In the wall sushi place with the type of options I was looking for id give this place 4 possibly 5 stars.  But because their basic tuna roll couldn't even hold together for the prices we paid here I'm just not even surprised at this point. I was just so upset that not one special roll stood out to me.
If sushi is what you like, visit "The Geish" (What I like to call it). This is a great place to bring a date. The seared salmon special and Infused saki are my favorite. The vibe is very relaxed and intimate.
The sushi was so so, service was mediocre and the drink "hello kitty martini" is the furthest thing from a martini. Ultimately dissatisfied.
This is still one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale, quality continues to keep up as well as friendly service, the happy hour is from 4 to 7 I believe so it is good!! The sushi portions are great so are the quality and flavor, still they get 4 stars for their very limited sushi menu. Today I'm taking advantage of the happy hour and intend to get very happy, instead of rolls I ordered the sushi sampler and looks good and plenty full. I guess if you want more options you could go across to Stingray, but you will fin lower quality and yes higher prices. What I like here the most, after the food, is the ambiance, the place is cool and trendy the bar/terrace is the best place to start the night early before heading to a club. If you haven't been here, I know options are plentiful but you have to make this stop a most! Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
I eat sushi about 2 days a week, and I had never been to Geisha A Go Go.  I was very intrigued, i would think something in Scottsdale in this neighborhood has to be of substance, or how else would they pay the bills, right? 

IT WAS MUD BUTT AT FIRST BITE... 

If you're gonna take a dump here, which I assume you will if you eat the food, I highly advise HOVERING, not even a nest of TP will save you from the potential staph infection you could catch from those toilette seats.

I was trying to have a decent conversation with my company, but the 40-something year-old patrons there seem to think that yelling is the only way you can communicate at a restaurant.  If you wanna listen to dudes talk about how Poison and The Scorpions are great "hard rock" bands, this place is for YOU.  

If someone is rating this place 5-stars, it's because they are getting payed to, or have never had sushi near a large body of salt water, and are land-locked in the misery we know as Scottsdale.

The staff were amazing, very polite and kind.  Hence the generosity on two stars.
I don't come here for sushi!

Happy Hour is the way to go! Sundays all day is happy hour- everyone's favorite day to go. 

I love their ribs & fried rice. I do not care for their sushi, it's nothing too special and sometimes not that fresh. 

Almost the whole staff seems miserable, never really see any smiles from anyone. No matter if it's a crazy Sunday late afternoon or a normal weekday.
The service was slow but the food was great. I would absolutely go there again!
Bomb happy hour ! RA sushi suckssssssss and Sting Ray is for if you atent 21.... They typically play good music too a lot of classic rock like Led Zeppelin and pink Floyd. Sometimes they play house music but not always best sushi spot in Old Town
..
Took forever to get out sushi. Sushi isn't the greatest. We ordered a caterpillar roll,Philly and California roll. None of those rolls had any flavor. All bland tasting. Service by our waitress wasn't the greatest. I think she looked at us like we didn't have money and was working other tables because I'm sure they got the attention they needed and my table sure didn't. Asked for a glass of ice and was treated like I was asking for too much. No return visit. Good luck.
Great sushi and especially great prices during happy hour. The sake carafes are DIRT CHEAP during happy hour and taste so good. You can get a reallllyyyy good buzz for not a lot of money!

The waitresses can sometimes be slow/forget about a table. I've experienced this only a few times, so I'm sure it's not the norm, but it does happen. Parking in downtown can be troublesome in evenings and weekends so be prepared for that. Call ahead if you have a large group or planning to come during a busy hour
Went here for the first time on a Sunday (all-day happy hour). The prices seem reasonable, however on happy hour the appetizers (& drinks) are 1/2 price. Awesome deals. Vegetable & chicken goyza very tasty and the chicken wings were great.

Great happy hour deals and everyone knows it, busy even on a Sunday night.
I woke from a drunken stupor not knowing where I was & how I got here.  The last thing I remember seeing prior to the temporary shut down of my eyelids was Blue Martini and the next thing I know, I ended up in the Philippines!  

This place had all the makings of a typical Filipino disco lounge...the flowing San Miguel Beer, Filipino servers speaking Tagalog, and Karaoke!  We sat in the patio to get away from the interesting music selections by one of the restaurant patrons and because it was nice to be out there soaking up the mild summer heat.  The menu was a little blurry because the alcohol was starting to kick in a bit so all I could remember were the pretty steep prices & large selection of items.  I was a little disappointed that some of the entrees didn't come with rice because...well...Filipinos eat practically everything with rice!  Hearing "no sorry ma'am it doesn't come with rice" immediately snapped me out of my lethargic state and I almost keeled over in my seat.  I ended up ordering the topsilog (tocino w/ 2 fried eggs served over garlic fried rice) because of this.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or if I just didn't have high expectations but it was the best Topsilog I've ever had in my 26 years of existence!  The sizzling Sisig platter that the BF ordered was also just as good.  Who would've thought that the one of best Filipino food restaurants could be found slightly off the strip?!!  

This will definitely be a a required stop the next time I'm in town...especially since I have yet to try the drinks there & the assortment of Pancit & desserts!!
Hey Hey second review coming from someone who was completely sober. (soberness declined the longer i stayed...)

Three Stars

Went on the 'Wet T-Shirt' Night. They advertised that the event would start at 11, we left at 1 and the girls didn't even put T-Shirts on the DJ WOULD NOT STFU i was about to rally a majority of the guys to put money together so we can pay the DJ to STFU. 

Tuesdays is "Ladies Night" the advantage is free shots for the ladies and 1dollar guy's shots. People, these shots DO NOT come from the bar, you have to flag down one of the waitresses to get these shots and of the available waitresses...none of them carried bottles for shots...

The bar area and the outside area are free for all, meaning you're either standing or fighting over the seats. A table is a 100 dollars for standard 200 for large table. 

The bar is off the hinges, Ryan, the bartender, isn't Filipino but the man can multitask and his proportions from booze to mixer is VERY high quality. Food is amazing too, garlic fried rice is just...well i was like NOM NOM NOM to my plate. Had huge hunks of breathe fouling garlic, with out a doubt the best thing on that combo plate i ordered

Would come back to this place because of the food, but as far as the events, they'll milk as much of the glory as they can before they bring up their side of the bargain.
Gimik da lounge is the funniest pinoy boy restaurant that i've ever been to. It's more like a local lounge and restaurant for the locals there in Vegas. 

So when we arrived at the door, there was a greeter, I forgot his name (I was too intoxicated to remember). I'll call him tito boy. 

I don't know what his position is on this establishment but here are the things that he did to make our visit so unforgetful:

Tito Boy greeted us at the door
Tito Boy sitted us
Tito Boy took our order
Tito Boy killed the cows from the farm, made the chicken lay eggs and cooked it for us.
Tito Boy served us the food
Tito Boy took photos of us (Don't ask me why, For the weekly email events?)
Tito Boy Gave us the check 

AND BETTER yet:

Tito Boy was also DJ at the same time. hahah

I wanna be like him, he's my idol. I love this place, they also serve Red horse beer. Yee!
Good little dive lounge tucked away in a huge strip mall just off the strip.  Fast service even though the live band was atrocious and louder than Stoney's on friggin' ladies night :)  Filipino food was quite good and the fried fares were also pleasing to the palate.

Chicken Fingers
Calamari
Filipino Shi Shi (PorK) w/white rice

All Good!
Feels like i'm back in the PI when i walk into this joint. I've been here a couple times and enjoyed it most when the house band was playing. They do cover songs and take requests, the other yelp reviewer was right though, if the volume scale was from 1-10 they'd be at an 11. haha. 

Service: The bartender is really attentive, which is cool because he's the only one there. The drinks are strong and very reasonably priced. Mixed drinks and shot can be had for $6-8. The waitresses that serve the food are friendly, and are always around to check on their patrons. 

Food: just like back home. Their Sisig Lechon is the bees knees. The garlic rice is perfect. The chicharon bulaklak is warm and crispy, perfect with the side of vinegar they give you. These 3 dishes were enough to feed 3 hungry dudes, and it was reasonably priced at about $30 for all of it after tax. 

Misc: The place is kinda small, but there is a small lounge room with a disco ball and stripper pole. Kinda cool. To escape the overbearing sound of the band, try sitting outside, but beware if you don't like second hand smoke. Oh, they have Red Horse here!

Overall, this is a nice chill spot to go if you're missing Pinas. Its easy on the wallet, and if you're here with friends its a good place to drink, eat, and listen to music.
Best place to eat sinigang! hands down! and a stripper pole and karaoke?! what what in the butt! lol! If you want to get away from the club scene and just eat/drink/sing this is the place to go! and have a little kick out of people singing, feels like I was in the PI in LV.
Gimik is a really fun place. I'm not Filipino myself but it didn't stop everyone from speaking tagalog to me lol! The staff and crowd there are some of the friendliest, wildest, and craziest people I've ever met! My girlfriend took me to this place and I have to say that I really got an introduction to what party animals really are here. All in all, a really fun place to cap off the night with.
This was my first authentic Filipino food experience.

The establishment is in a strip mall that looks like any other in the area.  From the look of the "Asian Bistro" sign I thought it was going to be like a PF Changs or a Flo's type of place.  However, upon entering, I could see just how wrong I was.  It is a rather large place and very busy on this Wednesday afternoon.  There were probably only 2 or 3 other daring white people there, so I knew this place was legit.

You walk up to the counter to order kind of like Panda Express in the mall.  You pick a 1, 2, or 3 item combo and they put it on your plate with some rice.  From experience I knew that the 3 item combo would be too much for me to eat, but I ordered it anyway because I wanted to try as much as I could.

I was disappointed that there was no sign describing each of the 12 or so dishes that you could choose from.  Well, if there was, it would probably be in a language that I couldn't understand anyway.  Lets just say I was lucky to have come with 2 Filipino coworkers of mine who acted like guides for me.  I resorted to the "point to whatever looks good" method which worked until I pointed to the bopis (lung) and the dinuguan (blood soup).  More on those later though.  Anyway, I picked the adobo, menudo, and some other beef item.

The beef and the chicken items were good, but I just don't like how they are little pieces that are still on the bone.  I find it difficult to eat and messy.  However, they were very tasty.  My 3rd item was by far the best.  I got the menudo which is more like a beef stew.  Had I known the name of it I probably wouldn't have gotten it because all I had known previously is Mexican menudo and that doesn't interest me.  At any rate it was very good and I would get it again.

Now back to the lung and blood soup.  My coworkers ordered those dishes and of course they made me try them.  I am not going to lie and say that they were terrible because they weren't.  It is just the simple fact that I know what it is and it is way out of my comfort zone so it made my stomach a little weazy.

The best part of the meal here was dessert.  One of my favorite Filipino desserts is called "turon".  It is some sort of banana wrapped in a carmelized wrapper.  All I know is that it is amazing.  My coworkers have brought some to me on several occasions but I just had to have a fresh one right out of the oven.  It was amazing.  They have plenty of other authentic Filipino desserts, but I couldn't resist the turon.

The establishment isn't overly fancy; there are 10-15 large and small tables, a few couches and other misc. chairs.  I think the place doubles as a karaoke bar at night from what I heard.  Anyway, the food is authentic and the service is friendly, but in the end I think my belly is to "Americanized" to dine here on a regular basis.
Asian bistro...a nice little Filipino cuisine restaurant, filled with many authentic pinoy platters. Their menu is packed with so many different kinds of Filipino delicacies , such as beef steak or lechon..
I come here with my family every time we pass by the metro mall/dunlap area, usually to visit the Manila Market next to it...
I can't name all of their food, but most of it is what my mom always cooks: mungo, caldereta, adobo, dinuguan, pancit,  egg rolls, and other homemade dishes..their desserts are also top-notch, such as their HALO-HALO! The smell of the food,the sizzling noise of the pans, and the heart-welcoming people will make you come back for more...
I can hardly write my review because I keep getting sticky hands from this adobo.  

The only experience I have with Filipino food was adobo from a fair I went to.  I used to have Filipino coworkers who would always TALK about the food, but when potluck time came around, nothing.

Anyway, the place is small and not much space to move around.  The food is in trays and you pick what you want.  

I got the 2 picks and knew I wanted adobo, but asked the guy what else is good.  He gave me pancit which looked like lo mein or something.  Then he asked me if I wanted cantaloupe juice.  It took me by surprise when he pointed to this huge vat of orange, icy, slushiness...I stuttered and said "YEAH!!!"
I was about to check out when I saw somebody (I guess one of the owners or family or somethin') putting something in a bowl.  I asked what it was and the heck if I can spell what they said, but it turns out it was some kind of tripe in a white gravy with rice.  Then another guy came and got something that looked awesome as well, which was pork snout.  They gave me a sample of the snout and yeah, the relationship was instant.  Pig nose and me are now friends.

So I have here in front of me is pancit, chicken adobo, pork snout and cantaloupe juice.  I haven't had such a great meal in a while.  All this stuff tastes just as good as I imagined it would when my coworkers would torture me with mouth-watering descriptions of the stuff.

The cantaloupe juicy is unbelievable...I mean the juice of something as delectable as cantaloupe has no choice but to be heavenly, and it is.  I cannot see myself going without it for more than a week.

The adobo is tender and juicy.  The pancit is not dry like I thought it would be, and has a great taste.  The pork snout is just amazing...its got a tang to it that I can't really describe, but also can't get enough of.

I can't remember what it all cost me, I didn't care after I sampled the snout.  But I got a lot of change back from a $20, so...unless it was all 1's then its not expensive.

The people inside were all Filipino and friendly enough to a newcomer.  I've always wanted to connect with my other nationality, and good food is always a great way to do so.  I know I'll be back whenever I can.  And from what I can understand the other side of the place is some kind of entertainment area, and I think one of the other reviewers said its a karaoke thing.  Cool.

Don't be afraid of Filipino food, folks.  Its hard to compare it to other cuisines, especially because I'm not well traveled in the culinary world.  But I would immediately recommend it, even to the guy who only trusts hot dogs and fried chicken.
When you taste the food it takes you to HEAVEN!  Service is so SLOW it takes you to HELL! cant complain about the food. The best Filipino food this side of town. But as i said all the cooking and serving happens at a snail's pace. If you arrive really hungry, prepare to have ULCERS before they bring in your first order. Their sizzling  beef bulalo is 3 out of 5......only because the steak plate it came in was off the shelf-cold and there was no sizzle at all when they served the dish. the meal was good though so i guess that pretty much offsets the lack of SIZZLE in their so-declared SIZZLING bulalo.
Their sizzling fish belly (bangus fish) is EXCELLENT.supposed to be a five but again there was no physical sizzle to what they call Sizzling Bangus Fish.
Their sizzling BISTEK (beef slices) with onions were GOOD. Except for the lack of sizzle.....but again the taste covers up for the missing SIZZLE.
Their tapsilog (beef and egg combination) and bangsilog (fish and egg combination) is supreme and their banana fritters which they call TURON takes you to unparalleled heights of gastronomic nirvana!
They have karaoke which we enjoyed except for the fact that their song selection is so VERY LIMITED.not enough songs. Asian Bistro MUST improve their song selection because their song selection is similar to what a lot of Asians have for HOME USE. There were also some problems with the karaoke system.Sometimes the songs had too slow a tempo....sometimes the tempo was too fast......this so seriously needs to be addressed. Their karaoke is on every wednesday and Friday nights. I wish they would turn it into an every night thing but only AFTER they work on improving and widening their song selection and gets a karaoke jock that actually is musically adept enough to know if the tempo is just about right or if it is way too fast or way too slow. Doesnt take a musical Mozart to be aware of this. It just takes two unclogged healthy ears.
Prices are reasonable.the people were friendly....aint surprished cuz i have read that people from the Philippines are a smiling lot and merrily go about their ways........
Even if their karaoke sound system sucks and even if they dont have the actual sizzle to their 'sizzling" food line-up, this doesnt take away the fact that this is still the best tasting Philippine food this side of the valley.
This review is based on carryout, so I can't comment (yet) on the service.

After a trip to the oriental market next door, my son and I stopped in here for some carryout.  I've not been to a filipino restaurant since living in Phoenix, so I was VERY excited.  I love filipino food.  It's all I ate for the majority of my young life, so there's also some nostalgia with it.

I did the two item meal thing, which was around $6.  I picked caldereta and pancit.  I thought it'd be best to stick with the basics, just in case it sucked.  The caldereta was almost as good as my mom's, and way better than mine :o)  The pancit was just okay.  The veggies were a bit overcooked and it lacked acid (and I didn't have any lemon in my house).  My son loved the pancit, so it worked out.  The portion was really generous--enough for me, my son, and hubby ate some too.

I will definitely go back to try some other food and bring my husband.  It's a bit of a drive, but worth it.
Just an FYI, not sure how long ago but I think pretty recently, this place has new owners. It is now called Halo Halo Kitchen aka H2K. 

My mom was born & raised in the Philippines, so she was pretty excited to come here for lunch this past Thursday afternoon. 

She quickly got to talking to the guy behind the counter & another customer to see what was good here. She decided on about 7 different items for her, my dad & myself to try. My personal favs were the fried tilapia, chicken adobo (although, my mom's is better!), lumpia, pancit & this fried egg & pork combo that I can't remember the name of. Oh & they also had this dessert which was little round balls on a stick made from what smelled/tasted like doughnut batter. There was a sweet syrup on top with what tasted like coconut on the inside. They were lick your fingers delicious!! 

We'll definitely be back :)
A solid 3 stars. The Adobo was average, the Pancit was average, the Menudo was average and you guessed it, the Rice was average. They have never had Caldretta the 4-5 times I have been there. Next stop is Chandler in hopes of finding a "go to" Filipino restaurant.
Been here a couple of times, and every time it's been a satisfying experience. The tapsilog (one of the "silogs" they serve for breakfast - refer to the pics) is good, as are most of the entrees I've had for lunch or dinner. The storefront says "Filipino American Food", but that doesn't mean it's a fusion restaurant; rather, in addition to Filipino food they also serve some American fast food items such as burgers and corn dogs. Boba tea is available, too, and that goes well with pretty much anything you order there.
I go there for the longanisa breakfast from time to time and their BOBA.  The place is good but very pricey.  Service is OK not the best and alderly people like to cut the lines to get their orders in and staff does not say anything.  My wife is filipina and says that the food is good.  I had some food catered through them and they were very expensive.  A 1/2 tray of veggies were $49.00.  Way over priced.
Always The BEST!!! As close as you can get to sitting on Fields ave in pee eye. Great wait staff, friendly people. Great food!! Not too pricy and you will get enough to make you smile later. Friday nights can jump after 7 PM and you can sing and drink pseudo red horse beer and dance if you dare!
The food was good, The prices was a little steep. 10 little pieces of shanghi lumpia for 8.00 are you kidding me?
Love to eat filipino food? Well this is the best place in arizona to go to. Friendly staff, Tfc channel on, they even have a little mini filipino kiosk selling filipino anything. Love this place
For starters...I was never a big boba fan or halo halo fan.  This place is amazing!!  I had a Thai Tea Boba, Let me tell you the bomb digg-addy!!!!  LOL .  Besides there normal Filipino dishes it is a must have.  Then I stuffed my face with Dinuguan, a Filipino savory stew mixed with your typically stomach, intestines, ears, heart and snout of a pig,  simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, vinegar, and chili.  SARAP!!!! 
 ( delish is Tagalog)  along with a side of rice and your good to go!!!!!  Next order to come out was a Lechon (roasted pig) along with the sauce.  Just like my mothers cooking.  I was at home..  Dinuguan is not for everyone, as kids we knew it at chocolate meat, because the sauce is curdled blood which turns dark brown to black when cooked.  The sound of it really "Erks" your stomach, but the taste is out of this world!!!   They have many different dishes all you have to do is "point point"  

If you love ethnic cultural world dishes you will appreciate this place.
This is an unassuming small business that is a little out of the way and hidden in a shopping center but definitely worth visiting.  I found it on yelp and tried it out on a whim when I saw the positive feedback.  My family in the Philippines owns various restaurants in Manila so when I traveled there we ate - a lot.  This it the first restaurant I have found in the Valley where you can get lumpia, pancit, chicken adobo (and various dishes that are more authentic than I tend to eat) and a yummy version of halo halo with ube ice cream.  The people here are very nice, the restaurant was extremely accommodating and clean.   They even stayed open 2 hours later for us when we hosted a karaoke event here.  We loved the boba drinks and for those who were too timid to try the Filipino dishes, they have an American menu (burgers/fries/corndogs).   They have karaoke on Fridays with a great song selection - in English!  Come here for casual and inexpensive eats that are authentic and tasty.
Very fresh filipino home cooking, great variety on the menu, the food was delicious!!!  Everytime I visit H2Kitchen, I am always satisfied:)
Last week I met my family at H2K for dinner.  I enjoyed the dinuguan and sisig with rice and for dessert I shared a Halo Halo with my mom.  I am alway happy after leaving this place:)  I look forward to the next visit!
The short: 
This really is as good as it gets when it comes to turo-turo style Filipino food--reasonably priced, tasty, generous, and authentic. The staff was welcoming, friendly, and helpful.

The long:
Located in a big shopping center on the southwest corner of 35th Ave. and Dunlap, the place is fairly easy to find (in the northern arm of the center), and there's ample parking. When you walk in, you see a typical turo-turo style eatery. Turo-turo means "point point," and they use the term because the food is set up cafeteria style, all in a steam table, and all you do is point at what you'd like to eat. You can go for a one-, two-. or three-item combo served with two generous scoops of white rice. There's also a short order menu that serves some Filipino classics, including a whole "silog" menu--which is food served with eggs, usually for breakfast--and some simple American fare like burgers

There were some traditional desserts in the pastry case that served the door and about 16 items in the steam table. My boyfriend and I went for broke because I wanted to see how this food compared to the food I grew up with. We tried the pork and chicken adobo (I'd asked only for pork, but the server didn't like that she couldn't fill a whole 12-oz cup with what was left at the end of the night, she so gave us some chicken adobo in consolation), chicken curry, beef mechado (the sauce is similar to cacciatore--tomato based wit bell peppers), beef kabute (beef and mushrooms, similar to beef stroganoff), laing (stewed taro leaves, what I call the collard greens of the Philippines), and dinuguan (pork in pork blood--not for the squeamish!). The owner also asked if we'd like to try the sinigang, which is a tamarind-based fish soup. To drink we had the sago't gulaman and a mango boba. For dessert (although really, the sago't and boba should be considered dessert for those with a normal, not-homesick stomach capacity), we tried the halo-halo special. 

To the point--everything tasted great. If you order on a day your body's really craving protein, you risk suffering death by pork at a turo-turo eatery, and Halo-Halo Kitchen does pork so very well--tender and flavorful. The beef dishes were also well cooked. The curry was pretty standard--the sweeter Japanese style, and the chicken legs in it were also wonderfully tender. The only problems were with the chicken adobo where the sauce was wonderful, but the meat was just a bit dry (you'd think that would be a more common problem in a steam table setup, but because most dishes are stews held at lower temps, the meat stays moist). The laing was more sour than I'm used to--not sure if it was their taro leaves (for the most part, out here, you can only find them frozen or dried), too much fermented shrimp paste (adds a salty, pungent, umami flavor in perfect amounts), or maybe too much patis (fish sauce--adds an earthier layer of the same stuff shrimp paste does), or maybe not enough coconut milk and cream. Regardless, it wasn't bad--just not as sweet as I'm used to. What made the best dishes for me, and what makes Filipino food awesome in my mind, is the sauces. Filipino food is served with rice, and the sauce just soaks into that rice and makes that perfect bite last longer. Because of my choices, we basically ended up with two plates of comfort food, and every bite was definitely comforting. 

Our beverages were brought to our table after they were made a few minutes after we sat down, and the halo-halo special came as we finished our dinner. The sago't was good, although the boba grew as the night went on, so sucking it through the straw was crazy. The jelly in the sago't was tasty, though. My boyfriend's mango boba was amazing--at one point, I jokingly suggested they'd just taken some frozen mango and pureed it, but once I said it,  I was halfway convinced that they'd actually done that. The halo-halo special was also awesome. Even though it's considered a summer dessert because it's based on shaved ice, I could eat it year around. It was as good as it gets, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (it might have been jack fruit ice cream), a generous smear of ube, and a chunk of flat at the top, the sweetened condensed milk soaking into the ice, and the usual halo-halo blend at the bottom (red mung beans, jellies, palm fruit, strips of jack fruit and macapuno, etc.). Halo-halo means "mix-mix," and they set the tall plastic cup up with a dome lid and a long-handled plastic spoon so you could churn everything together into homogenized harmony. 

The lady at the counter told us the turo-turo menu changes every day, so I'm looking forward to going back and trying their other food, along with all the other food we didn't have room to try. I love a good silog, and I'm sure I could find it here!
This review is for their halo halo special. It is absolutely delicious...the ube ice cream on top is wonderful! I like how they give you a big scoop of ube and a good size piece of flan. The young lady at the front gave good customer service and was friendly. I have to try their food next time.
Mmmmm! I love me some filipino food, and when I'm missing some good old homemade Filipino food this is the place I turn to... Maybe because it's one of the only in the valley but it's food is pretty good and warms the heart.
This is the best Filipino Restaurant in Phoenix!

The restaurant is nice and always clean.  The staff there are friendly.  The food is reasonably priced.  

They offer a lot of variety each day.  I believe they offer around 15+ entree options and that's not including their silog menu.  My fiance and I usually get a two choice with a boba drink and that usually comes out less than $20.  If we're really hungry we get a halo halo supreme to finish our meal.
Only had halo-halo here and it was super yummy. Now I know where to go when I'm craving!
You know that part of the movie in Ratatouille where the chef starts crying because the food brings him back to his childhood....that's halo-halo kitchen for me. Living in Phoenix, far away from my mom in Oregon, filipino food is hard to come by. I make the 30 min drive from mesa just to eat here when I start going through withdrawals. I've had pretty much everything they've serve here. The restaurant is clean, people are friendly. It's a typical "turo-turo" restaurant, where the food is prepared cafeteria style but it's all good.
Got together with Norm R. for lunch here today & really liked the place!  This is a somewhat stylish mid-sized cafe, nice & clean, with a comfortable seating, delicious food served up in good portions, & low prices!

I ordered a Two Item Combination Plate, & went with Chicken Pochero & Beef Mechado for the main dishes, from a wide selection.  (You can see the labeled serving trays through the counter glass.)  You also get two large balls of white rice, & interesting toppings are available on the table such as fish sauce!  (It's SALTY...  use only drops of it!)

Anything negative?  Yes, a whole gaggle of TVs blabbing away all over the place, so it's "Layo napupunta isang Bituin!" as they say in my old haunt, Olongapo, P.I.  (Poof goes one Star!)     :-|

With that gripe out of the way, I loved the food here, & with so many unusual treats to try you just have to come back to a fun place like this for more...  and then there's their amazing dessert, which of course is the Halo-Halo!     :-))

Two Item Lunch Combo Plate $6.50.

*  Full bar!
I had the Chicken Adobo with rice, eggs, and tomato. It was good. Service was a little below average, but not bad. Good place to grab a bite and bounce.
I didn't try the food but I was there on a late friday night and watched my friends give their best karaoke renditions to their favorite songs. I'm not brave when it comes to karaoke but I usually sing along. I did like that they had a full bar, $3 domestics and $4 for imports. They had red horse and san miguel. Anywho, there's plenty of space to accommodate large groups and they stay open late friday nights, so, if you're in the mood to sing your heart out and drink red horse or san miguel, this is the place to be. =)
Looking for Filipino food? Looking to watch the game? Looking to get some pastries? Or maybe a Filipino beer? They have it all here..  My favorite is getting lechon kawali and monggo soup, together they are an amazing meal.
This Filipino Food was very good and I think most people can find something they like here because we tried three different meats and a tofu dish and all were different all were cooked nicely with good developed flavor. Nothing was spicy or aggressively seasoned and nothing tasted Chinese or Thai that I tried to me but everything we tried had a rich developed flavor. Portions are large prices are very low I think our combo plates were about $6.99 each.

This place is VERY CASUAL and is set up sort of like Panda Express. You decide on the kind of plate you want just like at Panda and point to what you want on your plate by looking at the food line or you can order from the pictures on the wall. Next you pay and seat yourself and clean up your tray when you leave. 

I picked a combo plate so I could try two things. I picked Coconut Chicken and Tofu with vegetables. Both my picks looked familiar like Chinese or Thai dishes to me but neither of them had the seasonings I thought they'd be but the food was still tasty and good. The Chicken was very moist and had great developed flavor from being slow cooked on the bone but they didn't brown the skin so I found the skin unappetizing and had to remove it. That is my only criticism.

My husband tried the pork adobo and one of the beef dishes. He said both were very tender and tasty and he'd come here again.

This was a fun adventure it was like traveling the world.
I really, really liked this place! I tried it for the first time today since my neighboring Filipino restaurant I wanted to try SUCKED! (They didn't have anything and had horrible customer service) I'm glad that happened since it led me to this place. I'm half Filipino and can tell good Filipino food. I tried the pancit, chicken adobo, lumpia, fried pork skin, and halo-halo. All were like my grandmothers cooking and I was pretty impressed! I felt very comfortable in the atmosphere. The young girl at the counter was very helpful with my initial order and so was the younger guy helping me later. I liked that it felt like a family owned and ran kinda place. I will be returning here to try their talapia, panakbit, sinigang, and tocino, this is well worth my 30 min drive to get there.
This is a fast food place, not cooked to order. Food is already pre made. I ordered the mungo and pork sinigang. Mungo was a little dry and a tad overcooked but sinigang was real good, just the right sourness. Portions were small but the price was reasonable. Had to order the halo halo and it was really good.
This place is awesome and super clean ...I will keep coming back EVERYTHING is sooo good here AND the price won't break your wallet. So go enjoy some good Filipino food!
Setting:  I went here 3 times this past week.  Being the last week of school, we had a couple potlucks.  Therefore, nothing says my Filipino culture than bringing some deep fried goodness of egg roll called Lumpia.  They were good enough to bring my wife here for dinner.

Ambiance:  It looks like any other typical Filipino restaurant, but wait...there's a karaoke bar!  Wait, did you say magic mic?  Why yes I did.  They have a full blown karaoke machine they play on Friday nights.  I have not experienced it, but one of the workers say it is definitely a fun night.  Boy, us Filipinos sure love our karaoke!  Open seating with the definite Filipino feel.  After growing up in Southern California, this looks and smells like a Filipino restaurant to me.

Food/Menu:

Lumpia - shanghai style, about 3 inches long, with a good amount of filling.  Crispy, yet not too deep fried.  Very good egg rolls though.

Halo Halo - a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, condensed milk, red bean, canned fruit, ube (sweet purple yam), and ice cream.  They do a decent job.  However, from my perspective, I don't think I have ever had a bad Halo Halo, as most taste the same to me.

Turon - a deep fried plantain banana.  Need I say more?  Okay, well it has a great caramelize coat around it with the crunch biting into a sweet plantain banana.  And BAM!  You got dessert.

Empanada - Tasty snack that will definitely fill you up...for wanting more!

Service:  Seems family owned and they take care of their shop.  No complaints!

Overall:  With the limited amount of Filipino restaurants compared to where I grew up in Southern California.  This place hits home in all the right areas.  Whenever we need to taste our culture, we will be back Halo Halo!
Delicious. Was intimidating walking in without knowing what anything was, but the person behind the counter let us try a bunch of different things until we knew what would be good. Then they were so kind, and brought us many new things for free to try. 

Very helpful, and completely removed any concerns about the first time being in there. Could not have gone better.
Ahhhh Halo-Halo

Im so glad i found you on yelp and your on my way home to sedona. 

  Ok first off i ordered the lechon kawali- deep fried pork belly,served with mang thomas (whoever that is) all purpose sauce. $8.00
Next i ordered the silog plate served with garlic fried rice and two eggs cooked to order. I ordered the tocino which is pretty damn awesome. $7.00
 My wife said might be the best tocino shes eaten. So 5 stars from me and my wife for the tocino.
This is as good as it gets when it comes to Filipino Food in Phoenix

Phoenix sadly lacks the ability to produce comfort food such as Filipino food. Finding this place was like finding a gem in a pile of coal. The location isn't ideal but the price and the taste are on point. 

This place randomly has events, karaoke &  dancing, so don't be surprised if you stop by to pick up some grub and find yourself watching a transgender performer singing the latest and greatest hits.
Food was okay....a bit pricey though for their selection.   Lechon kawali was fresh. roomie ordered French fries ; he said they were stale.  We ordered the shrimp platter and it took over 25 mins to arrive.
Since there aren't that many Filipino restaurants in AZ, lets just say that Halo-Halo kitchen is the place to go. Great tasting food at a good price. The portion size is great as well. Highly recommended!
Soooooo, when my food finalllllyyyy arrived, it was GOOD. There were other dishes I saw that I wanted to devour but my heart was set on the Longsilog. It was good, same as Manila Sunrise, just got faster service over there because it wasn't as busy.

They also had an American menu for burger, fries, popcorn chicken which worked out since my husband isn't fond of Filipino food. (ruude). lol the price was fair since there aren't a lot of filipino joints in AZ so I don't care if you charge me extra for a extra helping of garlic rice. 

They take cash and card, and there's plenty of parking. Oh and if your looking for the place on yelp and you push Get Directions when your coming down Dunlap, it won't tell you if it's on the right or left and you might miss it. It's on the left. :-)
I grew up in Cebu this is a great place for Filipino food. I love their adobo and lumpia.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and ok price. I moved from Cali and Filipino food there for the same size and combination is about 2-3 cheaper not sure why its more in AZ???
I'm definitely a fan.  We were visitors to Phoenix and came here as a big group last Friday afternoon for a late lunch.  As someone who lives in the Midwest eating in a Filipino Restaurant is always a treat and coming to Halo-Halo Kitchen was definitely a super treat!  It is located in a strip mall but don't be put-off by the location. There's nothing fancy about the place but you can tell the owners take measures to keep the place clean and neat.  They have a karaoke bar like most Filipino restaurants do.

You can order a la carte but probably the best way is the "pick-and-point (turo turo) way" which is typical of most Pinoy restaurants.  That way you get to sample a better variety of foods.  You get a choice of 2 entrees plus rice.  I had the kare-kare( beef in peanut sauce) and coconut chicken, while my wife had lechon kawali and ginataang langka (coconut jackfruit).  The food was just flat-out awesome. No other way to describe it.  Then we had halo-halo for dessert.  Wow! That was so good, too!  Loved it.  Our friends all enjoyed their entrees and we continued to talk about the food that weekend.  We enjoyed our whole visit to Phoenix that weekend but think this was our gustatory highlight of the trip.  We're definitely coming  back when we visit Phoenix again.
Food is decent , customer service is terrible. The lady that looks like she's the owner is rude! Poor service .
Whenever I crave for Filipino food I always go here ;-) They have the most reasonable price & yummy food in Phoenix.
Bet lumpia in Phoenix and an all-around authentic restaurant. Well worth the drive.
Easily my favorite Filipino restaurant ever of all-time hands down. Their prices are reasonable for exceptional food and drinks. Has a well stocked bar, plenty of TVs. This a great place for event dinners as well. The staff is very generous and easy to talk to. Most places have pros and cons, this restaurant the exception for having all pros. If you try this place then I'd expect to see a review similar to this.
The Lechon here is great always have a ton of delicious Boba flavored and rotating dishes .. Some of the best Filipino food I've ever had...the watermelon boba is probably my favorite thing there and you have to try the cassava cake.
If you have never tried Filipino food or in search of a good eat, this is where you need to go. Honestly I was never a fan of Filipino food before I discovered this place but now I am hooked. I recommend any silog combinations or the famous chicken adobo. 

They also have a bar which is nice when you want to get a beer in for lunch. Try the Red Horse, it's a Philippine based brewery.
I can't really compare this to other filipino food, because I haven't really eaten any.  The extent of my knowledge on filipino food is what I've learned from filipino nurses at the hospital, and Balut is not on my bucket list of things to try....But anytime I get grilled spam with eggs and rice, served on styrofoam plates and TV's showing a filipino beauty pagent you know this food is either going to taste freakin delicious or give you diarrhea for a week.  Luckily for me it was the former.  Great food, and the halo-halo special for dessert shouldn't be passed up.  One day I'll work up the courage to try the food by the checkout counter, but....baby steps.  Don't worry I'll be back.

P.S. They got karaoke is the back.
I recently become aware of Halo Halo.  They had my very most favorite dish.  The name has always escaped me.  It has a pork blood base, served with rice.   The first time I had this it was from an in-formal kitchen.  I loved it, it was sole food at its best.   I have had it serval times sence, each time it was different, but just as good and comforting.   There has been times the Filipino server informed me I didn't want that, I would not like it.  This is why, not the pork blood base but the organ meat (offal) and the miscellaneous tidbits or trimmings that was part of it.  It was not made with the best parts, but the leftover parts.  Some times it was a mildly spicy, that is the regional and cooks preference, never hot or more then mildly spicy.  As I had it in the past it had all kinds of notes or tastes, do to all the different bets that went into it.

Sadly, regrettably, and a statement on the narrow minded, American Eaters, in order to serve to "the American" customer (to stay in business), this wonderful dish has been turned into a good but 2 note meal.  They use standard pork, one note, the sauce note 2, rice is the binder the same as FOFO, bread, and other starchy foods.   

I pity all those that will not even try anything other then Midwest American washed foods.   You think that the Asian food you eat is real Asian, it is American Asian.   Many Asian restaurants have two menus, one for us, the other for the Asian taste.  That menu is call a head.  Sooooo much better, but not steak and potato's.   I hope that Filipino restaurants will do the same thing, so that people can have the true taste of home and strange people, such as I, can enjoy as well.   

ITS NOT THE LOOKS, NOT THE NAME, NOT WHAT GOES IN, BUT THE TASTE.
Love the Halo Halo!  Love their food too.   I think we come here at least once a week =)
Great food, clean place, but customer service needs improvement. Lady owner has a very unfriendly and condescending attitude.
I can't really compare it to anything.  It was my first time trying boba it was tasty. Going to try the halo halo special next time I stop in.
You can find me here on Thursdays!
I loooove the food here and I come as much as l can :) 
The owners treat you like family and they are so sweet.
I always order lechon and beef estofado. I cant get enough! It is soooo good!
I have had the flan and it is really good too. It is nice and creamy and smooth.
The halo halo is really good too!
I get the boba with jackfruit and banana sometimes and its always good.
I love coming here. They're always upgrading the place, and the food is fantastic. I noticed they even added an American food menu for those who aren't so savvy to Filipino cuisine.  My only issue is that there is no pancit palabok on the menu.  However, if you want tapislog, sinigang, or boba, this is the place.
Great Food!  

I normally HATE going to Filipino restaurants.  The food is usually  tasteless and/or has been sitting out for hours.  They always pale in comparison to my family's home cooked food.  But THIS PLACE has really GOOD food.  The lechon was full of flavor and crispy, yet juicy.  I also had the whole fried tilapia, which was delicious.  We also tried the kare-kare.  I couldn't believe it was flavorful!

The Halo-Halo Especial was chock full of goodies.

The atmosphere is kinda funny.  I think that the restaurant doubles as a karaoke bar in the evenings.  They had a full bar.  But I don't care, because the food was GOOD!


Can't speak to the panict bihon or pancit lug-lug...will have to try that next time.
Halo-Halo is hands down my favorite Filipino restaurant in Arizona!! I have tried many Filipino restaurants and have been disappointed with most. This is not the case when I come here. 

If you are new to the food or have been raised on it all your life, you will definitely enjoy your experience here!! 

The selection of food is amazing and everything seems to always be fresh. By chance if what you want is not available at the time, they have no problem making it for you. 

They also have a large seating area, bakery items and a karaoke night!! Every time I come here I feel welcomed by the friendly staff and people around me. I recommend this place anytime someone ask me for the best Filipino food in Arizona.
Found this place by accident as we were driving around, looking for a place to kill time while waiting to pick up our daughter.  As Bay Area Californians who recently relocated to the East Valley, finding a Filipino restaurant can easily be the highlight of our weekend.  We got the Sisilog, Longsilog, and Pancit and were in heaven!  They were all so scrumptious and reminded us of our parents' home cooking.  And the halo halo??  Perfect way to top off the meal and satisfy our craving, especially in the heat.  The girls behind the counter were very sweet and very helpful.

Only complaint and reason I can't give 5 stars: 
We were there in the late afternoon and there was a note that said it would be closing for a private event later in the evening.  It seemed to be a celebration for the family who owned the restaurant.  We still had a good 1-2 hours before that time, but they were already setting up, which is fine.  My issue was that as they were setting up, literally around our table, we felt rushed and in the way.  I get that they were busy and excited about their event, but If they needed the space, they should have closed that section off.  They were decorating and rushing around, all around our table, and no one even acknowledged us or said anything to us.  It was only the older man, who I assumed to be the owner who smiled at us and waved to our kids as we were leaving and thanked us for coming in.  Thank goodness for that nice, simple gesture to help smooth things over.
food was really yummy for my first time trying various Filipino food. the pork adobo was my favorite because the meat was tender and the sauce had a yummy tang to it. the halo halo special was an amazing dessert and the girl behind the counter helping us out was super sweet.
One of the best places for Filipino food in Phoenix.  Cafeteria style, paper plates and plastic silverware.  Definitely cures the craving for home cooked Filipino food.
Had a good time!
Love the place! The newest songs! Best gathering place in town!
Chinese mafia? I don't know... seems like the type of place.

I came here for a friend's bday thing. Plenty of space and lots of karaoke room. It's kinda an Asian divey place in my opinion, but if the mood fits, why the hell not indulge in that type of ambiance.

Staff seemed nice though so that's a plus. They were very accommodating to the party and knew how to have fun. Would I return? Ionno... I'd personally be too scared.
Love the freshness of this new Bar and Karaoke place and personally I love the BBQ yeah! Love ths drink too (Baguio) :)
Great place, good food, and happy servers! Perfect place to hang out with friends and family. They have spacious room, serve authentic filipino viands "ulams" and cool people. Their happy hours are from 7pm-10pm with 50% off on all appetizers and $5 on signature drinks. I specifically liked their sisig fries and signature cocktail called "tagaytay". Will surely recommend this new place. :)
Nice new place for Pinoys to hang out in Vegas.
I have to give Bar Kada a lot of credit for originality. They have dishes that you won't find anywhere else such as sisig tacos, and sisig nachos. The only other place I've seen and tasted sisig tacos were off of the White Rabbit food truck in California. Then there are the sisig fries; they are the bomb. Combined with the friendly and accommodating waiters and bar staff, atmosphere, drink specials, and DJs (decent sound system by the way), Bar Kada is easily a place to get hooked to. As long as they continue to build their brand with their uniqueness, they can easily build a cult following. I also heard that this is the go-to place topsilog.

By the way, I am not Filipino. I am Mexican-American.
I give this place 2 stars for ambiance and cleanliness. I went there for lunch and had their point point specials, the lunch special was reasonably priced, but the food was not really anything to rave about, the lechon kawali/ lechon, whatever it was did not taste good at all and the skin was like rubber. The chicharon bulaklak or what the americans call chitterlings, was ok, it wasn't soggy or nasty, definitely much better than fiesta or DT's. The rest of the menu items are just plain bland, lacking in flavor like the cook was afraid to offend the customers. This i can say though, if you are craving Filipino food for lunch and just want something quick, cheap and filling, this is the place to go, it's definitely way better than going to Fiesta Filipina and getting a headache from all the MSG they put on your food. Hey at least i did not feel like throwing up after eating there. It is sad to say, there are not many good Filipino restaurants here in town, expect maybe if you eat at home and cook the food yourself...tsk tsk tsk
Came out for a intimate gathering of friends night out and decided to come to this new spot for drinks and bar food. 

I split chicarron bulaklak and sisig with a few people. The chicarron was decent, but I prefer smaller cuts so you get better crisp to the fatty center ratio. The sisig is fairly decent. I think maybe we should have ordered a bit differently only because it was greasy pork bits overload, specially since I was just at a taco crawl event earlier. 

They had live entertainment, a band and a DJ during their intermissions. There is a stage if you want to dance. My biggest complaint was the volume. We left after a bit because we could not hold any conversation. I tried and ended up a bit hoarse and gave up. There is a happy medium as I've been to bar hangouts where a seat in the back meant you can have both. Most of the people really into it anyways will be dancing, right in front of the band so you don't need it to blare. 

Just a note that they offer happy hour specials daily of 50% off appetizers and $5 drink specials (7-10pm) but do not while there is live entertainment. You may want to call and ask if you're coming there for happy hour on a weekend. 

It's not a bad Filipino bar though. It's typical vibe of the bar-staurants in Philippines.
So I didn't try the food, so this review is for the bar/club atmosphere.
So I have to start of with the fact that I hate the whole restaurant/ club thing. I don't want to eat my meal with music blaring in my ears. And I have to yell to place an order.
The laser lights sparkling up the room made it feel cheesy.
The music was constant and too loud. It was a Saturday and they had a live band and a DJ. I really wasn't into either of them. Some older women took to the dance floor and had a good time which is nice to see. It wasn't very busy .
The drinks weren't horribly expensive but they were weak.
No Happy Hour prices since there was a live band:(
I would not go back!
Bar Kada is part of the blaring loud environment where you can eat and scream at your table mates. A group of seven of us came in during a live band night. We didn't know that they were doing anything special, but know that it will negate the happy hour they would normally run. 

The cocktails are on the sweeter side. I should have expected it, almost everything I ate or drank in the Philippines is sweet. 

The chicharone and sisig was decent. They are greasy and artery clogging, but that is half the enjoyment. The fried pig skin was light and crispy. The frying process helps to break down the tough skin and make it so airy. The sisig is a blend of fatty bits and meaty pieces. The jalapenos were spicy and the squeeze of lime juice made it oh so enjoyable.
Sisig fries are a must try! Even the cocktails are good. I have tried the Baguio and I must say it was every good even the strawberries infused with the drink was bomb. They do close at 3 but no matter it's stil a good place.
This is Restaubar is awesome they always have a cool DJ or a band. I always hangout here with my friends especially when my friends band is playing. They also have good choices of menu.
Only place I know of that serve silogs (your choice of meat, egg, garlic/rice, tomatoes, and vinegar for dipping!).... MASARAP! ***mouth watering just thinking about it***

Tocilog (tocino - pork)
Longsilog (longonisa - sausage)
Bisteksilog (beef)
Bangsilog (fried milkfish)

I've been here 3x in 2 weeks. This is either really sad or pretty smart! lol

Initial visit was with a co-worker around 9:30pm on a Monday. No one was really in there and, yet, it took the host about 5 minutes to notice us (even tho she was 10 feet from us at the bar). After seating us, I immediately ordered the bangsilog (I was starving!) and he ordered tapsilog. We loved it. Large portion of garlic fried rice with crispy garlic chips on top. Milkfish (bangus) satisFRIED (yes, I said satisfried) my craving for fish. As a first timer, the food was enough to keep me wanting more...sadly, the service was lacking because I had to wave the girl down for water...and it wasn't busy.

Second time, I convinced handful of friends to come here for Sunday dinner. Oddly enough, when we arrived at 6; the place was busyyyyyyyy. We waited 15 minutes to be noticed/seated; and it wasn't even by the hostess --- the bartender seated us. Turns out they were slammed with a family party that had 20 extra people in the rsvp. You know us, Filipinos, travel with the village! The bartender was nice enough to bring out a makeshift/party table onto the dancefloor for us. He kept apologizing, as well, for the lack of immediate service....He kept saying that they were understaffed. We said it was "ok" cause, in reality, ish happens...that's a part of restaurant life.
We ordered family style sisig fries, sisig nachos, chicken wings, bangsilog (for me), bisteksilog, eggplant torta, and tapsilog.
Sisig wasn't even close to being as good as Caf Moda's sisig..not crunchy. The nachos, obvi, had cheese on it and it was a weird thought but, didn't taste too bad. 
My friend loved his eggplant torta, more so, after dipping it in his banana ketchup.
Chicken wings were whatever. 
Overall, everyone was satisfied with this visit. BUT, we were charged 20% auto gratuity for our large group. 

Third time's a charm and a friend had her husband's 30th bday festivities there. We came on a Friday and got reserved tables on the dancefloor. Ordered whole bunch of apps (pancit, veggie lumpia, shanghai lumpia) that were blah. 
The veggie lumpia was all lumpia wrapper and had no veggies in them. 
Shanghai lumpia was burnt. Pancit is a no brainer and can't go wrong.
Steller stand out was when my roomie ordered chicken skin and fried rice. UGH. That chicken skin dipped in vinegar is drooooooooooooooool **mouth watering**
Friday was $5 Patron and AMF. Needless to say, we were entertained all night with people karaoke-ing, rapping, and dancing. It's as entertaining as a normal Filipino party =)


After these 3 visits:
- Service is lacking; only because they're understaffed. Bartender was great!
- Food isn't a real standout, other than the SILOGS! I mean, really..... =)
- I need to practice my karaoke skills cuz one day I will have more than enough AMF to really get up there and sing in front of complete strangers.
Fun place with decent happy hour food. I would go back for Sisig fries! Music is hit or miss depending if there's a band or DJ. Service wasn't bad. House draft beer is a good price for the taste. Should be coming back again some day.
Really yummy filipino food!! Whenever I come, there is always music playing via customers singing karaoke or doing some type of ballroom dance. Portions are large and they offer a wide range of the filipino cuisine. And if you come during happy hour appetizers are really cheap. Guava juice, tapsilog, kare kare, and sisig. Yum! They also have all the til-tilan or like sauces if you want them haha.
This is my review for FOOD Only. Food is no bueno! I came here during the day time at lunch hour. I was more interested in the YouTube videos and Filipino dramas playing in the background than the food I ordered. I'm sure it's meant to be more like a bar and lounge and loads of fun at nighttime. For food I wouldn't recommend dining here if you're sober.
Went with friends on a Saturday night....
Not a place for young adults... Folks dancing ballroom to Pittbull... Hmmmm
It's a place for moms, titas, titos, and dads.... Drinks and food menu are cheap enough tho.
On the food: 
- the sisig fries took over 20 mins to get to the table from ordering and it was lukewarm and the shoestring fries where cold and had no crunch to it.
- the chicken wings were crunchy outside, hard and dry on the inside, flavorless... Tasted like frozen chick wings.
Super good Chinese restaurant !!! I come from NYC ...feels like make me home!!! Sweet !!!!!!
This is the worst restaurant ever, worst food, worst customer service . Very dirty, the cups have a weird smells .And totally rip off! We didn't order much food total came out $87 for 4 people!!!
Food and service were not special. To me this is a very annoying place! We were the only customer there at that time. I think the owner's friends and families sat next to us. They were talking very loud while we were there. It is very bothering us! Violated our enjoyment.However, nobody seems to care. I hope you can find a better comforter place to dine. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
This place is a diamond hidden in a Chinatown  strip mall. Flavorful and delicious!!! 

Must try dish:

Boiled fish with pickled cabbage and chili
Salted duck
Beef noodle soup
Chicken gizzard with wild peppers
It was a pleasant surprise. My husband and I wanted to have a quick and delicious lunch. This place is close to our house so we decided to try it. The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast. We will definitely return!
The service was great. New to the neighborhood. Clean, nice decor. The food was ok but not interesting. 
The salmon was pretty good but needed more flavor. The veggies consisted of carrots and spinach lightly sauted. They were the best part of the dish. The grilled potatoes were bland.
We also tried the chicken parmegana and found it boring. The sauce was ordinary. The portion size was quite large.
The have live music on Friday and Saturday evenings.
I have driven past this place so many times and never even thought about stopping. From the street (cross streets are Pecos & Russell) it doesn't look like much. This place is definitely what you would call a "hidden gem". The dining area is aesthetically appealing with an Italian vibe. There's a full bar, but the restaurant is family friendly. Our waitress was very nice and seemed to enjoy her job. She was also very helpful in speaking with the chef about my food allergies. Note: There's no sugar in their sauce. Yay! I had the chicken parmigiana and it was Amazing! It was as good as Tivoli on Melrose Ave, and that's saying a lot.
Very good chicken parm and extremely good red sauce. We were driving around wit my parents who live here as they were inviting us for Italian in the neighborhood. They tried to take us to carrabas. Being from New York that was not acceptable so I looked on yelp and found this place. A surprising gem
Chimichurri is SO GOOD. Friendly place and good food. Good with kids.
This was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch at
Luciano Garden Restaurant.  It is not far from my home.  The restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  The pizza is the best pizza I have had in a long time in the Las Vegas area.  The chopped salad was a generous portion with a lovely light dressing.  I plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes.
Chef and owner Dante and his wife are wonderful! Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!! Their Chicken Milanesa sandwich is to die for!