Excellent Michelin starred restaurant, with friendly service and wonderful food. Get a seat near the window where you can watch the chefs do their stuff.
Tom Kitchin isn't afraid to be adventurous in his mixes of flavours, which often delivers a whole new taste treat, but (on the rare occasion) strikes an odd discordant note on the palate.
Local produce always fresh, especially fish.
you may have seen this restaurant on anthony bourdain's tv show. its excellent. period. probably the best all around restaurant in the city- have heard somewhere that it may be closing but i cannot believe that. 

the chef and owner, tom kitchen, is simply perfection. great atmosphere and a fresh and changing menu.

it aint cheap. remotely. the best approach is to eat here for lunch during the week, for a set price meal. it doesnt matter what its being served as everything will be in your top 3 of whatever genre of food youre getting. 

near lots of bars/shops, ocean terminal if youre up for a bad mall after.
This is one of the best 1-star michelin restaurant I have been to. It's a full experience, food and watching the cooks at work. There is indeed a big window into the kitchen that lets everyone see what's going on and grasp the electrical atmosphere in the cooking chamber. The table are organised so that most people can peep in during their meal, and appreciate the effort put into their food. It's really cool to see Tom Kitchen put the final touches to your plate :)) It just makes the whole thing more exciting!

The food itself is wonderful. Really incredibly fresh and tasty. Seasonal and imaginative. We went for lunch and the 30-ish pound menu is cheap compared to the quality of the food. Quite a treat if you take some wine, but nonetheless worthwhile and to be remembered. I started with a pistachio, rabbit & foie gras terrine with an onion tatin. Just AMAZING! Then I had pork cheeks cooked like a "blanquette" with a white sauce, mushrooms, carrots, new potatoes. Delicious. The meat was so tender. Then I had the rhubarb-themed dessert: rhubarb fresh soup with poached pieces of rhubarb, rhubarb sorbet, caramel croquante, pannacotta. I really really liked it. So yummy. And we had the traditional petit-fours after that. Yum!

The restaurant is a little remote and far from the city centre, but it's ok. It's just in front of the Scottish government building. Quite surreal actually.
Excellent restaurant and dining experience.  The menu here changes seasonally (I had the summer menu) and Tom Kitchin really focuses on getting the best ingredients.  The bone marrow with Devon snails, Perthshire girolles, and Bayonne ham is one of those dishes you remember for a long time. 

The service was attentive (without being intrusive), knowledgeable, and people were really warm. Chef Kitchin was actually in the kitchen cooking.  You don't see many celebrity chefs cooking anymore - at least not in NYC.
I would say, at a push, my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh... When you can afford it :) 

Been for dinner and lunch and both times it was first class. It's not an overly fussy place considering the Michelin star but focuses very much on the quality of ingredients, with the dishes being far more simplistic than say 21212. This is to its credit, however, and Mr Kitchin thoroughly deserves his recent title of best restaurant in Scotland.

If it's on the menu, the turbot with sea snails was stunning and one of the most memorable dishes I've eaten. 

If you don't fancy forking out for the a la carte or tasting menu, the set lunch is excellently priced and provides close to the kitchin experience whilst putting a smaller dent in ones purse!
They take great care of you from the start. And by the start, I mean enquiring about seating by email. The hostess is prompt and complete with replies, letting me know which nights are fully booked and advising me about better days to come in. I came here for lunch since all the dinners were booked up and had the prix fixe 3-course lunch. Really a steal in my opinion.The waiting staff worked as a great team so we didn't feel ignored even when our server was helping someone else as there were many other friendly staff checking on each other's clientele. 

I loved having sweet potato chips at the table to crunch on when we entered and the selection of bread from a wheeled up bread cart with selections such as freshly baked sourdough and olive bread.

My starter was the octopus carpaccio which was fabulously laid out and accompanied with colourful pickled vegetables. 

The main was the ox cheek which was so delicate that no knife was necessary. 

Dessert was a chocolate pistachio souffle which was very creative and interesting. Not too heavy but nice and warm with a great flavour.

The hosts took care of calling our taxi as we exited to proceed with our day after, with hunger satisfied and tastebuds delighted.
I realise that giving The Kitchin three stars is sacreligious.  I'll probably get kicked off Yelp or at least people will have no faith in my reviews from this point onward.  But, hear me out...

I've only been here once, 3.5 years ago, when my parents came over for my MSc graduation.  I'd been hearing rave reviews of Kitchin and thought it would be the perfect place for the double birthday + graduation celebration.  When I left California, my boss gave me the nicest bottle of wine I will probably ever be fortunate enough to consume.  I thought that my graduation celebration would be a very appropriate time to drink this wine.  I made my reservations at Kitchin and asked about bringing the wine.  They said "we have a very extensive wine list, you will not need to bring your own."  I explained the situation and they explained a bit more firmly that I was not welcome to bring this bottle of wine.  

I know that corkage/bringing your own wine to restaurants here is not a common as it is where I'm from, but I was shocked that they wouldn't allow for one bottle to be brought for a special occasion.

I accepted the situation and we went along sans wine.  To be honest, I don't remember much of the actual food.  By that I mean that my socks weren't blown off.  I was expecting so much and certainly had a lovely meal, but it all seemed a bit up itself and for no real reason which I could see.  The main thing I really remember from the dining experience is that our water and wine were kept at a different table so we weren't able to pour and drink to our own pace, we were at the mercy of those serving us.  

I think I was a) too put off by the wine issue to fully enjoy it and b) am too used to fantastic food served in a more relaxed environment.  I have had amazing food with less cost and less fuss at other restaurants, and in the future I'll be sticking to these places, thanks.
Wow, Kitchin blew me away. The dining room was elegant but still bright. Service was very friendly except for the French staff who were sterile and highly efficient yet still professional as can only expected from a French server. The most refreshing part of Kitchin was actually seeing Tom Kitchin in the kitchen with his hands in the food; there is a small window that allows you to see into the kitchen from the dining room. It is becoming increasingly rare to see a chef in the restaurant that his name on it. 

Veg crisp were giving as snack. A great selection of bread was also served. The amuse bouche of pumpkin soup with crunch pumpkin seed in it was very wintery and was more than just one small bite.  I was a bit weary of the Pig's Head and Langoustine because I was not sure how the Langoustine could add to this dish. Trust me something would be missing it wasn't on the plate. The pig's head was boned and rolled and had a great earthy spice to it. 

My main of venison was cooked perfectly and had seven components on the dish. Any time I see many components on the dish I get nervous. But Kitchin surprised me again. This was a pretty hardy winter dish for a restaurant in this category. (I left really full) 

My desert was simply titled Chocolate and features mall souflee, ice cream and blood orange marmalade the made everything else taste so much better. 

When I told the staff I was from Boston I was invited into the Kitchen to meet Chef Kitchin and he also signed a copy of his cookbook for me. This guy seems really down to earth. My 5/5 review is based off the food I ate and not that I met the chef.
So glad I came here with my family. I am not a big fan of haute cuisine anymore, too much showing off and combining of strange flavours, for me, so I was a bit apprehensive.

The Kitchen shows that you can take cooking to a higher level using local ingredients, keep the flavours individual and still have Michelin star food.

I thought the costs were very competitive for the quality and would highly recommend anyone going for any occasion.
Rating on the overall restaurant experience, which is what we go on our Lunchquest site, The Kitchin scores pretty highly, because the place is lovely and the service is slick. But when purely considering the food on offer, it can't score anything higher than two stars, as I've experience better; MUCH better. My starter and main courses were decidely ordinary; nowhere near Michelin star quality. Extremely disappointing.

Overall, we said: "The Kitchin is a super-stylish place, with excellent attentive service, serving neatly presented dishes. They don't taste very good, though, making the overall experience completely forgettable. It left me entirely cold."
There are as of right now three items that stick out to me that have eaten as the most memorable three things.  One was here at The Kitchin.  My wife and I recently visited Edinburgh and this was the best meal we ate.  Two start I had the bone marrow, I love bone marrow and would swim in it like Scrooge McDuck swims in money if I could, this marrow was much less traditional than the ones I have had in NYC.  It had snails bacon and a quail egg on top, it was fantastic.  For my main course I had mutton, the dish came with a small side of braised shoulder meat, it was fantastic, and I wish I was eating right now. The main part of the dish was very good too, just not as memorable.  It is worth the schlep to leith to eat here for sure.
HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.

Food, wine, service (even the French staff) - all fantastic!

Did the tasting menu with matching wine and we were happily stuffed full of food and rolled to a waiting taxi (after meeting Tom) at the end of the night. Small things like a map from where in the country produce was sourced and a copy of the tasting menu itself were nice little touches which weren't required but definitely welcomed.

Definitely coming back.
First time in a Michelin Star restaurant for a set lunch. When we arrived we were given some fresh vegetables and hummus in the waiting lounge area as we had to wait for a friend.  We were then escorted to our table and after we ordered, they gave us an amuse bouche which was something jelly like with bits of vegetables & chicken.  Had bone marrow as a starter and it was even better than the one I had in Paris.  Woodcock (£15 supplement) for main. Thought it would be a bigger portion but the melt in out mouth texture just justifies the price. Had chocolate and icecream for desert and they were just right and not too sweet.  During coffee, there were also some smaller bits of sweets and the macaroons were to die for.  Just too good and I will definitely come back again.
My first Michelin star experience and an experience it was! Simple and delicious cocktails for anyone smart and savvy enough to venture away from vodka based juice to libations of Calvados, Mezcal and of course, whisky. While primarily Scottish staffed, the service wasn't much to be spoken of yet the food was worth it's hype. Farm to table consciousness of purely Scottish product was impressive, especially when the mini map scrolls were brought over and served as reference to the origin of primary ingredients. Nose to tail lamb and signature beef were difficult to turn down and the sommelier provided the perfect red compliment to my flavorful entree. Absolutely worth the hefty ££ and the 8 week wait for a reservation. Bourdain was right to endorse Chef Kitchin and his star worthy cuisine.
The kitchin is a must if you are in Edinburgh. Having seen Kitchin on masterchef, I was intrigued. 
Everything on his menu is sourced from Scotland, and they even bring you a little map of Scotland in the beginning showing where the ingredients were from. 
Presentation and food were beautiful - full of color and much thought to the dishes. Fortunately it was grouse season when I was visiting (October 2013) so I tried it for the first time as my main dish. It was fantastic- cooked perfectly and juicy, I don't know if I've ever had anything better. The ceps starter was amazing as well - perfectly seasoned to bring out the taste of the mushroom. The berry tart dessert was a great way to end the meal. 
The best part was at the end when tom himself came out to introduce himself to us. Even though he's become well known, he really seems like a down to earth kinda guy. The whole time I also noticed he was in the kitchen with food preparation and making sure everything was perfect. 
I wouldn't hesitate to return, I had an outstanding experience.
Kitchin is an outstanding high end restaurant in Leith with well prepared regional dishes such as grouse, and local ingredients and cheeses, and an excellent wine list.
Really, just perfect. It's effortless - the staff are so pleasant, the food is wonderful, the entire experience is just fantastic.

We had the set 3-course lunch (a bargain at £28 - this is a Michelin star restaurant for goodness sake!).  You start with some crudites while perusing the menu.  There are only 3 choices but even so, it's difficult to pick.  Before your starter comes out, there's an amuse bouche to get you in the mood and some of the nicest sourdough bread I've ever tasted.  They're very proud of their Scottish food and they gave us a little map of Scotland rolled up and tied with a ribbon which highlights where in the country they source their ingredients.  We went for the matched wine package with our lunch and it's brilliant - you get a different glass of wine with each course and each wine is matched to your food.  And it really works - even the dessert wine, which I'm not usually a fan of, was lovely with the right dessert.

The food is brilliant - it's stylish but not fussy; beef, lamb, seafood - all cooked perfectly by somebody who is obviously passionate about good Scottish food.  The reason I love the place so much though is that it's so relaxed and easy going - doesn't feel like a "posh" restaurant despite the impeccable service and faultless food.  It's like they're so good, they don't need to be pretentious about it.

The matched wine package will add another £25 to your lunch.  We ended up around £57 each  - that's crudites, bread, an amuse bouche, three fantastic courses of lunch, three matched glasses of wine (or two cocktails for the one who doesn't drink wine), then coffee and petit fours to finish.  Not an everyday lunch, but definitely worth treating yourself now and again.
The service was flawless. Kudos to those in the front end. 

We had the three course tasting menu with wine pairings. This is an excellent meal and quite reasonably priced.

Warning - reserve months in advance. It will be worth the effort.

A must-do in Edinburgh.
Excellent food.
This place would be perfect, if it were up in the Grassmarket or on George Street. Unfortunately, for Newington, the prices are a little excessive.

I started with the fresh mussels cooked with coconut milk, fresh lime and coriander. Although it was tasty, given that it cost almost £6 the portion size was pretty mean to say the least. If there had just been a little more to it, I wouldn't have minded paying this much but given that in other restaurants in the area this price could get you a main course, I did feel a little robbed.

The main course was a similar story: Although the grilled swordfish with the various accompaniments was delicious, at £13.95 I felt as though I should be in a much fancier restaurant than I was.

That said, this place is always full... not only when I was there having dinner but also every time I walk past. If you're the kind of person who is seduced by any menu full of words like "bisque" and "terrine" etc then you'll love Blonde. If you're the kind of person that will happily pay these prices when it's in an exclusive upmarket city-centre location that can justify these amounts, then this is probably not your type of place.

To sum up, although the food is tasty it's the kind of place where you'll have a 3-course meal and still leave feeling hungry.
I agree with Fiona, this place is a little too swanky for this part of town.

The decor of the place is a little basic, but they claim it's styish all over the website. The food is alright, nothing fancier than you can pick up in the tesco finest range. It leaves alot to be desired.

If your mum opened a trendy resturant, this is what it would be like.
The food is very good, but I found their menu to be a little bit pretentious -- hasn't Gordon Ramsay shouted at enough people for putting random fruit into savoury dishes? Portions a smidgen on the small side too, though desserts were excellent.


 Probably wouldn't go again, but nor would I advise against it: try it and see if it's your style.
Feeling puzzled.  The place was recommended and I think I'm going to try regardless of the couple of reviews (Stuart and Fiona) that have misspellings and an illogical statement (Fiona).  Wish me luck : )
Had dinner here on Monday this week. Not a busy night by any means  one duo in when we arrived and no-one else in between them and us leaving. 3 very well made and presented courses for £17 though was good vfm, particularly my fish cakes starter and the main course of trout. I didn't personally have wine but the list looked pretty comprehensive. Pleased to have finally made it inside here and would certainly go back.
I thought the food on offer at Blonde was smart and flavour-packed, with a nicely balanced menu featuring a good range of local produce. I went in the evening and boy was it dark! Seriously, the "mood lighting" was so dim that people were struggling to read the menu, and it did impair the appreciation of some of the presentational touches that been applied to the dishes. 

It made me think that this would be the ideal dining venue for a "first date" with someone that you'd met in a dimly lit pub or club, taken something of a shine to, exchanged numbers, then arranged to meet when less sozzled. If you didn't happen to have perfect recall of what they looked like, but vaguely remembered their size and shape, this place could cut through any "cold light of day" embarrassments ;-)

Overall, we said: "I did enjoy my visit to Blonde. The service was a real strength, and the food was quite impressive, without quite unifying in to overwhelmingly convincing dishes. The price tag was very reasonable for the fare on offer, though, so I'd happily go back, and take friends, as I'd be confident that the broad appeal that Blonde delivers would please many different tastes."
Great food, one of those places who stress on Quality and Quantity...
Stac Polly came highly recommended by our hotel 

We had just completed a tour of Edinburgh Castle & w/ nowhere else to go & nothing else in the vicinity, we ended up arriving about 15 min early & consequently 15 min before they opened. 

( Plus, when travelling w/ parents, you're eating the early bird timetable which actually works out well since we're almost always guaranteed reservations ) 

There were 2 guys still setting up for the evening - 1 invited us in & the other looked incredibly & apparently perturbed. Gee - I'm sorry....shall we go stand out in the rain for 15 min while you finish your conversation? Not a good start to our evening... 

I likened their dark beer (Caledonian Ale) to more of an amber ale & tried 2 different varieties but thought they were both lacking a certain something 

Started out w/ a Poached Pear w/ Cheese - it was okay but cold.  Guess this is what we get for being the 1st to dine - things right out of the fridge

Both Mom & Dad had the Salmon which they enjoyed  

My Veggie Risotto was crunchy - nuff said 

Only Dad ordered dessert - the Strawberries & Cream & the verdict was delish. The strawberries were super sweet & when combined w/ the cool fresh cream, it was perfection 

Would be willing to give this place another try & it's not like we hated our meals ( well, I did ).....we just weren't wowed & for this kind of £££, we would probably seek elsewhere next time
(I've added a few pictures to this restaurant's page from their own website, I hope they don't mind.) 

Like the earlier reviewer this restaurant came highly recommended by our hotel, which arguably has the best goddamn concierge in the UK. For fellow travelers, once the restaurant filled up there were noticeably few Americans in the place. Please don't get the impression that this is a tourist trap. In fact, its better if you don't tell anyone else about this place or it could get as difficult to get into as the Wedgwood. The food was certainly as good.  

First the atmosphere was well done, stone with tasteful tartan accents. Impeccably Scotttish as was the food. With the layout and the lighting it was romantic, this is not a kid-friendly restaurant. 

The service was amiable and attentive, if a bit difficult to understand at times. As I've noticed at most of the UK restaurants I visited this summer; the staff are from the EU countries in deepest economic crisis (Spain, Greece and Italy were all well represented). But this was a relatively minor hassle. And the food was worth it.

The beer was excellent and local, you can't ask for more than that.

I started with the haggis wontons in a wine reduction. They were an unusual combination of sweet, umami and spicy that was enjoyable. I followed with the salmon. You really can't go wrong with scottish salmon, it was tender and flavorful. My father had the venison dish, and I tried some. Dear god, I almost regretted my order. It was unlike any American venison I had ever had. It was sweet, tender and completely lacking any gaminess. It tasted like a combination of buffalo sweetness and kobe juiciness. 

Anyway, go there. Its a bit off the beaten path of the Royal Mile, but go there anyway. And for god's sake don't tell anyone about it. I want to be able to get in easily when I go back to Edinburgh.
This food is not good at any price. The service was also bad (a bit rude and void of thought and care). My food clearly sat under a hot plate for a looong time. My wife sent her food back (and never does that). Avoid this restaurant.
If you're out for a Sunday stroll The Dalriada is a great place to stop for a pint. If you have the kids with you the climbing frame in the beer garden will keep them busy. Great sea views from the bar, restaurant and large beer garden. There is an enclosed patio area to the rear of the building for those who want to smoke out of the breeze or get a bit of sunbathing in. If its a windy cold day, stop in for some hot food.
The Quiz night on Thursday is great fun.


 Food is served from Monday to Saturday 12 - 3pm & 5 - 9pm, Sunday 12 - 5 pm. Children welcome up to 8pm. Booking advisable, especially at the weekends.
A pleasant bar in a converted bed and breakfast.
Last time I went to Portobello for a beverage, it resulted in a visit to the Ormelie and the discovery of the wallpaper in the bathroom, which is rather entertaining, it has to be said. However, the whole experience would equal old man pub rather than a 30-something hangout i.e. a wee bitty bit cleaner. 

Enter in a contender - Dalriada. Live sessions on a Sunday (you may find me there this coming Sunday) that I have yet to check out, pub quiz on a Thursday (that I intruded upon) and some nice views onto the Portobello Promenade and the Firth. Had some decent beer options on tap too i.e. not just Fosters. There are a couple of different rooms and an outdoor area in the back. I need some new watering holes - this will definitely be on the list.
Been to this place many times over the years.  The staff are hit or miss for friendliness, but the atmosphere makes up for it.  They have a garden out front and a beer garden out back.  They have live music to enjoy late, especially if staying close by - be forewarned that if you're travelling via public transport to check the times of the buses back into Edinburgh city centre as you may be wandering the beach until the wee hours if you don't.
Possibly had my most enjoyable Sunday of the year in here yesterday.

So was to meet a friend for lunch yesterday and she suggested rather than fight the crowd's in town lets go to Portobello - I was fairly dubious I must be honest!!

So off on the 26 bus we went and a short time later found ourselves at the beach. We wandered around for a good hour and thoughts came to lunch. I was aware of the Espy but my chum had a very low opinion of it so I took out my ever helpful ipohne and checked my Yelp app!

Dalriada came up as a four star establishment and so off we went! They call their menu light bites as really it is just a selection of things more than anything else. I went for the cullen skink and my friend the soup. Being Xmas time we decided a mulled wine was also in order.

So we sat down in the bay window gazed out at the sea and awaited lunch. It was served with a basket of really nice granary bread. The cullen skink was lovely, nice potato's cooked but still with a bite and importantly lots of big chunks of haddock.

That in itself for me would have given it a four stars as a wee day out. As we finished our second glass of mulled wine some musicians arrived and setup. Before we knew it there was 8 or so of them with various instruments playing together or doing solos.

The knowledgeable locals and regulars by this point were flooding in! It was packed, a brilliant elderly couple joined us at our table and before you knew it they were our best friends! 6/7 mulled wines followed 0  the brilliant 3 hr music set came and went and Ronnie and Sheena regaled us with stories of their lives spent living in Zimbabwe -- BRILLIANT!!

Just the best Sunday in a logn time!!! Great people, food, locals - I encourage you all to check it out!! I will be abck next Sunday for more of the same!!
I am torn between 3 & 4 stars - but I decided on 4 due to its wonderful location, hospitality and welcoming atmosphere. 
There are many outdoor camping tables and seats which make this place the perfect beach pub. 
Indoors it divides up in 2 areas - since they closed the restaurant bit all is now used for drinking and snacking. The main bar is usually used by a large group of musicians playing diddies and drinking beer. the middle of the floor is mostly kept free for dancing (if you so like and we have seen many a times people doing so) 

The fireplace is roaring in autumn and wintertime. The place is full at the best of times and packed all other times. Standing room only. There is not much special regarding the beers or other drinks served - apart that it is slightly more expensive than other pubs. They have no real competition as they are the only one for about 15 min (on Bath street  corner you have the Espy) 

I am still not sure why I am giving this 4 stars - but solely for the summer enjoyment and convenience they get an extra one.
What a lovely wee pub! 

I had the pleasure of visiting Dalriada this weekend as part of a Hen do, after luxuriating in the Turkish baths.  It's in a gorgeous old converted house right on the beach, and if I'm remembering correctly has outdoor seating for patrons to be able to take in the rare sunshine.  

 We were told we could get tea and cake so I was surprised to discover that it's a proper pub which also has good tea, coffee and cakes for people like us who needed re-hydrating.

There was actually a funeral reception (is that the right terminology??) going on, so there were platters of sandwiches and some really awesome music.  

Dalriada will definitely be my go-to Portobello pub in the future.
Historically, of course, the region of Dalriada was situated on the west coast of Scotland. However, it seems to have landed very comfortably after its migration across the country; now situated entirely within a magnificent turreted seafront house on the eastern coast at Portobello, it could have done a lot worse. With what estate-agents might term a "well-proportioned" garden and a series of bright and cosy adjoining rooms leading from the front door to the bar, it feels as much like a friend's home as it does a beach pub.

We arrived on a Sunday to find, to my sheer delight, a session in progress. It seems that live music is a regular feature in the Dalriada week, as if its sweeping views of the ocean weren't sufficient entertainment. A session always, always means extra points from me. I wished I'd brought my mandolin so I could join in, but instead took advantage of the glorious weather to sit on the grass outside and admire the view.

As a seaside establishment ought, it caters for pretty much everyone. The bar is well-stocked with a range of beverages and (hoorah) cakes, and they even keep water bowls behind the bar for the many dogs that romp along the sand every day. There was a great family atmosphere when I went, too - little children were out in the garden having a whale of a time.

Something that I, a naturally queue-conscious Brit, particularly enjoyed was the bar experience. The bar room itself is a little on the small side and so, rather than the usual game of squashing around the bar and hoping the serving staff have a supernatural ability to remember the order everyone arrived in, there was a nice little linear queue that wimbled out into the next room. That queue scooted along at a good pace, too; that's impressive given the business they were getting on such an unexpectedly gorgeous day.

It doesn't all hinge on the weather, though. It seems such a lovely place that I'm almost looking forward to the winter - I do love a bitterly cold walk along the beach and I can't think of a nicer way to round it off than with a spot of music and a hot chocolate while gazing out of the window.

Dalriada, please don't go back to the West. Stay here forever so that I can make you part of my every trip to Portobello Beach.
Well this place was a surprise. I've been past it countless times on the promenade and never noticed its existence, pretty much because it looks like a big house or hotel and not a welcoming local!

Inside it's quirky and original. Lots of mismatched furniture and big windows out to the sea lend even more atmosphere to the place. I only stopped for a couple of beers but it was the ideal place to relax and catch up with a friend. 

Bar seems well stocked and there was also live music. I believe there's a lot of music throughout the week, so another bonus. Will be back!
Excellent, sprawling beach house pub place that feels like a friend's house. Great atmosphere, good live music and jam sessions. Sadly they stop serving their "light bites" menu after 3 pm but will try it again. A great pint and good craic to be found. Worth a visit.
I am honored to be the first to Yelp this new restaurant. Forget all those old "date" places like Benihana's, etc.  This is the NEW and FUN way to have a meal.  This place is a little hard to find because the address is on Rancho Vista Dr, but the front of restaurant faces Scottsdale Blvd. Maybe new signage is in the works but it's not up yet.  It's in the commercial area of the Camelview condo development.  Went there for the first time last Saturday night after a long, long drive from California.  Josh and the entire staff was so friendly and welcoming that it lifted my bad mood.  The menu is fun because you pick one type of meat and the rest is literally the Cook's Surprise.  They do check to see what you WILL NOT eat so you won't be served anything you're not accustomed to. Four courses for $45, if you would like it paired with their wine selections, it's another $20 bucks.  Yes, $65 is not cheap but it's very reasonable for this innovative menu prepared especially for you. It won't help for me to describe the dishes because it will be different for you anyways.  My hubby ate there one hour earlier and everything was different.  I did have the tops of the beets for a veggie.  Who knew Beet Tops were so delicious!  I will definitely be coming back.
I have to say that I'm am so disappointed with Posh at this time. The food just failed to wow, that and with an excruciatingly long 2 and a half hour 5 course meal was painful, figuratively and physically (the seats were so hard). 

The idea here to to select what type of eater you are, vegetarian, carnivore, seafood or chefs choice.. then you outline the things you don't like as well as dietary restrictions. Great concept, even now I still think its a great concept but I don't think many people are going to get it, or are that adventurous. I think Posh would have done well in a foodie city like San Francisco but I don't think its going to take off here. 

The chef does select great ingredients and seems to be very confident in his knowledge of cooking, plus he's very creative. 2 of us were low carbing of the 4 in our party but, none of the dishes were much different between us. For instance they received a portion of kobe beef and we got a lamb chop, we could have just switched plates and it would have been the same effect. Though when I saw sweet potatoes in the plate I knew that Id have to eat around it. While the chef 'sent' his apologies (he should have come personally) and offered another savory course, my rear was hurting so bad I passed on it. Did get a cheese course for dessert which was good but all the fruit around went into the trash, low carb usually means no fruit. 

I'm sitting here just really disappointed and well, hungry. If you're really hungry order more than 5 courses, if not, well you'll be looking for something to eat afterward. BTW, the cookie plate in the end was bigger than any course we had though with being on a low carb diet was kind of torture/cruel since I couldn't eat any of them. We did leave hungry.

Here's a list of plates that we had..

Mache salad w/cucumber and blood orange
Fennel soup with endive salad
Shrimp with curry and salsify puree
Sanddab with roast turnip 
Lamb chop with turnip and sweet potato
Cheese with pickled and fresh fruit
Posh is one of the coolest restaurants I have experienced.  The menu consists of all the protein they have available that day and you get to mark off what you do not like.  The number of courses depends on how much you would like to spend.  This place is so fun because you really have no idea what you are going to get.  I had the most amazing scallop app and short rib entree. I would highly recommend this place.
I wish i had Yelped about this place sooner. I've since mostly forgotten what i ate there.

My boyfriend took me here for my brithday and I can't say enough good things about it! The ambiance was awesome. Very chic and friendly. I loved the open kitchen, but if you sat at a table, it wasn't distracting. The service was fantastic. the waiter was extremely helpful and explained everything.

We got 7 courses and we're pretty adventurous so we chose "chef's choice" - no restrictions on the protein. It was delicious. I loved that we both got different items so we could share and essentially eat 14 different dishes. What I remember enjoying the most was the kangaroo, the scallops, the cheese and the spare ribs. Phenomenal!!!!! The dessert was also great and if you go for an occasion, you can write your secret message on your food selection card for them to write in chocolate sauce on the dessert plate.

I really can't say enough good things about this place. You definitely want to go with people you enjoy, since you you'll be there for a good period of time. Probably not the best first date place since if you're miserable, it's hard to make small talk for 2 hours. 

If you're looking for a dining experience, you have to try Posh. The food is delicious and you'll be telling people about it for weeks. I can't wait to go back and try new items.
WOW. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 

We went early Friday night and each got 4 courses with wine pairings. You get a small menu with a list of proteins. You mark off what you don't want to try and list any dislikes or allergies. You know I had to put down that I don't like corn. I went with the chef's choice and Mike went with the carnivore selection. 

Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection. The meat, seasonings, broths, and vegetables were all divine. We had heirloom tomatoes, duck with green beans and squash, baby octopus with snap peas, kobe beef with artichokes, and kangaroo with fingerling potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Sorry, if I can't remember exactly what was in the meals, as I was too busy devouring every bite. And why didn't anyone ever tell me that kangaroos where so tasty? I pretty much licked everything off both of our plates. Dessert was also very yummy. I had a chocolate pate. I don't remember what Mike had as he had finished before I had a chance to get a second bite. 

The entire staff was very friendly. We sat at the bar and chatted with Josh, Zac and the amusing Kirby. It was fun watching them make all the dishes. This was such a great dining experience. 

The lollipop at the end of our meal and cookies to take home were a special treat. I'm sure Mike is already regretting bringing me here because it's not a cheap meal and I want to come back. You have to try this place. 

You can find complimentary valet parking off the garage at Rancho Vista Dr.
Went back. Still amazing. I ate kangaroo!!!!
We noticed a sign on the Optima,(where we live) which we had no idea it was even there. Decided to go check it out. We sat at the high top overlooking the kitchen , which was very nice to see how clean it was. 

Once handed the menu we were obviously confused,( you will know what i mean if you go in,) it is similar to a sushi restaurant as far as you get a piece of paper that you check off. How many courses and what you DONT Eat. After that its all the chefs say.

It was really fun not knowing what you were going to get and after your first course you are really sitting ther with your mouth water. 

We got a seven course dinner or maybe five?? With a wine pairing. Everything was fantastic, I didnt care fore the braised pork thing with bacon but it was good just not my cup of tea with all the fat. 

The Chef was wonderful to explain what we were eating and why it works and the idea behind it. I recommend sitting at the kitchen seats just for that.

The desert was the best I have ever had. It was a honey custard pudding sauce?? not too sure on how to describing it but I really didnt want to swallow any of my food so it would never end. 

 As a bonus if you live at the optima they will deliver it to the condo. yum!
I give Posh two stars because obviously the food matters more than anything else at a restaurant, but I commend them for their terrific service and give them the benefit of the doubt that the night we visited was an off night.

For starters, when we made the reservation the night before, we were told we couldn't be accommodated at 7:30, but they could get us in at 8, or maybe a few minutes earlier. We showed up around 7:40 and in this huge restaurant with seating for probably 100, there were maybe 20-25 people. If they couldn't get us in at 7:30, at merely 25% capacity, because "they couldn't provide the best dining experience possible," as they claimed, then I can't imagine how they could ever handle a full restaurant. Regardless, we were seated right away and chose seats at the kitchen bar, to be able to watch the chefs in action. Our server came over and explained the restaurant concept to us and how ordering worked. I won't explain, since many others have already, but we both chose the 4-course chef's choice.

I won't run through all the dishes but, in brief, all of their food with the exception of one fish course and one dessert lacked flavor. Everything from the amuse straight through to the end was so one-dimensional...the flavor profile was so narrow...absolutely no depth of flavor.

After our first course, the manager came over and asked how everything was. We were honest about how bland everything was, and he said, "Let us try this course again for you." They did, and when he returned to see if this was better, we said yes because, at this point, we felt bad complaining about the food any further...but it wasn't.

We were very disappointed with our meal, especially after Seftel's glowing review and the great Yelp reviews. We spent much time speaking with the manager, who seemed to care genuinely about our feedback, rather than just indulging us in listening to our opinion. Posh is lucky to have such a great manager. He explained that he wasn't making excuses but that, due to the nature of their concept, they do have off nights where they look back the following day and say, "That menu didn't really work." He also explained that they don't follow a minimalist or "blandness" credo, per se, but that the chef doesn't want to throw out anything that will scare the diners, since people won't think to put "No sea urchin" on their card when they order. I understand this, but I think people who come to this type of place are fairly adventurous diners to begin with. Not only that, but you don't have to be too wild to give flavor. A little seasoning on the lamb and duck, a nice port wine reduction or orange glaze...give me SOMETHING to excite my palate!

They ended up taking 10% off our bill and I think they gave us a little bigger dessert, thoughtful gestures that further conveyed their commitment to customer satisfaction.

As we were leaving, the manager said, "You know, with prices like ours, we can't really afford to have off nights or people won't come back and we'll be here two or three more months. But I really hope you'll come back and give us another chance." Because he was so nice and because I really want this place to survive and do well, I'd love to give them a second shot. I just don't know if I can justify another $100 meal with the risk of it being off the mark when I can be assured of a stunning meal at Noca or other foodie destinations for the same cost.

I thank Posh for their excellent service, but if the food continues to let diners down, making it right with great service will be no substitute for not disappointing in the first place.
I went to Posh for my birthday dinner and got the full menu with my wife ($110 each, plus $15 for foie gras).  I can't possibly give it higher rankings and it is one of the best restaurants I have been to in the metro Phoenix area.  The full menu ended up being about 14 courses over a 4 hour period.  I enjoyed everything served, and I am a pretty picky eater.  The courses were as follows (I can't remember all of the accompaniments):

Amuse Bouche - lychee jelly with licorice and mint
Salad with goat cheese and cherries with a mustard vinaigrette
Popcorn soup with clarified butter and smoked paprika (tastes like the soup version of movie theatre popcorn!)
Black bass
Mahi Mahi
Grouper
Halibut
Foie gras brulee with watermelon broth and Bing cherries ($15 supplement that was worth every penny)
Kangaroo (tastes like very lean beef)
Frog legs
Venison
Lamb
Duck (great crispy skin)
Pork Belly (melts in your mouth)
Surf and turf (NY Strip and Loup de Mer)
Cheese plate (Maytag Blue and Humbolt Fog, the latter which my wife raved about)
Pear-Cabernet sorbet
Strawberry Rhubarb sorbet
Lemon cake on a chocolate sauce
Carmelized fig
Honey ricotta flan (I think)
Chocolate pate with chocolate tuile and white chocolate
Frozen fruit and ricotta cheesecake lollipop made on the anti-griddle
Cookies to take home (pistachio, peanut brittle and fruit biscotti)

Some of the courses were served together (sorbets and desserts), and all were small, but you fill up over the course of a few hours.  The chef is doing a great job, and all of the food I saw come out of the kitchen looked, smelled and was amazing.  

When you go, it is best to sit at the bar, and probably want to sit where the fires are going.  If you want to splurge, this is the place to do it, but you can also get smaller menus....anywhere from 4 courses to the full menu.  Everyone in the valley should be happy that this place is open.  I put it up there with Binkley's, without the long drive.
We did the 5 course with wine paring early on a Wednesday night. The place already had a couple of tables going and some food bloggers filming at the open kitchen. You can see the chefs working from every table in the restaurant but if you want to chat with the chefs ask for a seat at the open kitchen area. 

The 2 of us had different courses with different wine pairings. I started with an amuse bouche, followed by popcorn soup, raw fish salad, kangaroo, quail and an ice cream lollipop.   My husband had lamb which was a little overdone and they replaced this immediately with some fabulous veal cheeks and an extra wine paring
The outstanding courses were the veal cheeks, kangaroo, quail and a raw fish salad.  

The wine parings were good and well synchronized with the food, no waiting and good sized pours.  

OK  what is with the bread???    or should I say lack of bread.   You have to beg for it.  "Well we don't really DO bread but if you are prepared to wait you can have some"  OK the bread is worth waiting for.  Its not like any bread I have had before, its sort of frenchie, cakey, fried in animal fat or lard, but it is GOOD.  You need the bread to soak up all the yummy sauces. 

The staff were friendly but could have spent an extra minute with us to explain the dishes in greater detail and why the wines were paired with it .   Staff were knowledgeable about the wines.

Parking --  easy to find right under the restaurant follow the signs for POSH

Improvisational cusine is a win win.   For foodies the thrill of the unknown, for the restaurant they have creative license and don't have to stick to a set menu and if you run out of something, oh well!  

Would I go back - Absolutely !!!!
Over all I was not as impressed as I was hoping to be. It was kinda like being excited for what you had hoped would be an awesome date, only to be disappointed at the end. I like surprises and thought this would surprise me and it sure did. But not how I wanted to be surprised.
First of all I am quite the picky eater. They ask you to list all the things you don't like. I can't exactly remember what I don't like because there are too many things. I can remember what I hate, but not things I would rather not have. I love fish so I left all my fish choices open.....what do you know....they serve me the fish I dislike the most....fish cooked with the skin on. And 2 of my entrees of the fish were skin on and served the same way....with bok choy....which I don't particularly find interesting. I had read others reviews about the awesome popcorn soup and truffley things and I wanted those items too....but I wasn't served them :( So I was disappointed.
Dessert was the best part of the evening, The best flour-less chocolate cake ever. And I loved the lemon custard flash frozen pops as well. The take home cookies were a cute touch.
Yea, disappointing was hoping to explore some fun flavorful dishes and instead got fish with the skin. A disappointing date indeed.
NOT ENOUGH FOOD.  We decided to dine with some friends last night.  I had seen this place a couple times, read an article about it and saw the reviews on Yelp.

We all decided to give it a chance.  I have to say that the service was great.  The waiter was on point and the drinks were good.  However, that is were it seems to stop.

First were was the music?  After about 30 minutes there I kept thinking something was missing.  When it hit me there was no music.

The food was good and interesting.  I think the concept is great, and you feel like your on a episode of Top Chef.  

Problem is there is not enough food.  After each course all four of us kept getting hungrier and hungrier.  Also, two of at the table request no veal sweetbreads and venison - we both got what we requested not to get.  Although mine was good, a bit bland but eatable.

To say the least - it was a great experience.  We had a great time with friends and we will be talking about the outrageous bill for what we got for a couple years.

If your going to go, your going for the concept, not for hunger 

We had to go to Bungalow across the way and grab a grilled cheese after.
While getting new gear for this year's Native American Recognition Days Banquet at the Scottsdale Mall some friends and I suddenly got hungry - we kept trying to tigure out what to eat when I broke out my cell and texted KGB (542542) and asked "I'm at the mall in Scottsdale, AZ. Where is a unique yet nice place to have dinner near here?" Moments later I had my answer "Posh. How do we describe Posh? with two words: Improvisational Cuisine". We were hooked!

I, the ever knowing yelper (yelpita to Thomas S.) have already heard of Posh and threw it on my list of places to try... became uber excited and lead the way. the parking is kind of odd just follow the signs from the road! And valet is free!! YAY!! We would've used it but the guy wasn' there!

We were met by our uber cute server (dang! Forgot his name sorry!) and chose to dine at the counter. They liked it but the chairs were a lil uncomfortable for me. I kept almost falling the whole meal.

I sampled a few wines and chose the rose` for a pre-meal drink. The "quiz" before the meal was different. I'm sure other reviews explain the Posh concept - in a nutshell: there was a short list of protiens, diners are asked to cross out anything they DO NOT want to dine on & then list ingredients they do NOT like or are allergic to and based on your answers - your meal is formulated improvisationally (is that even a word?) 

We chose the 5 course meal with wine (except for our DD) I said that I wasn't feeling the frogslegs and that I was down for anything including throwing an extra $15 for frois gras.

After we turned in our surveys, the chef came and spoke to us. I mentioned his use of White Tepary Beans. Tepary Beans are a staple in our culture and its surprising to hear about it being used in haute cuisine. Turns out he purchases his beans from TOCA (Tohono O'odham Community Action)'s farms which funds cultural activities for the Tohono O'odham Nation... tiiiight! 

On to the food...

There were three of us dining and that'd be 15 dishes!! soooo for this review, I'm only going to be describing my meal.

First was an amuse bouche of Lychee in a light oily sauce. Very good, nice and slightly sweet but a good start. Next came a salad made of cabbage & wild boar bacon (that was marinated over night in DUCK FAT!). The salad was good, small but overwhelmingly flavored with onions. I wrote on my survey that I DETESTED raw and strong onion flavor... so why serve me an onion filled dish?! It was good, which is why I didn't send it back but after a while I couldn't hang and ended up not finishing it; but I LOVED my friend's popcorn soup! the BEST way I can describe it is: imagine watering down grits with chicken broth & adding popcorn as a garnish. 

Course 2 was a lightly fried fluke with sauteed baby bok choi. Very good - extremely light. The wine paired with it was ah-mazing! The panko coating was a little too oily but the fluke was still great! I would have like to have seen it be oil poached. My friend had a stuffed quail that was better than Thanksgiving dinner!! I couldn't believe it was so good, I wanted to switch plates!

3rd course was the frois gras... the apex of a great meal. wonderfully seared and served cold... it was my first experience with frois gras... and it was sweet & delicious. It was paired with a sliced strawberry, spun sugar and a light sauce. ITs paired wine was the sweetest I ever had and complimented the dish perfectly.

4th was pan roasted lamb with some kind of greens. This was a little disappointing. As my friend and i recieved the same dish! WTF? Half the fun of this place should be that everyone at the table recieves something different! I asked my meat to be cooked to medium and this was medium-well (boo!) the sous chef even commented saying that the doneness of the lamb made him cry on the inside... I was like "uhhhhh - then why did you over cook it?!" The dish was good, the lamb tender and the greens nicely flavored, kind of heavy on the bacon/pork fat flavor.

Finally dessert. A chocolate pate` with more spun sugar and blackberry sauce finished my meal. Imagine taking a chocolate truffle and striping it of its semi-soft chocolate coating and forming its insides into a baby triangle and u'd have my pate`! 

As we were playing Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, spock (shout-out to all The Big Bang fans!) over the bill we were given flash frozen lemon custard lollipops (yummy!) and a small bag of cookies and brittle as parting gifts. They were great to nosh on during the giggle-filled ride home. 

Over all - the meal cost over a $100 a person & was VERY good, there might have been a few errors here & there but we still left buzzed & satisified! To my yelpers I say: Its a pretty penny and the add-ons do add-up but if you're looking for an amazing meal & have cash to spare give Posh a try. Just be sure to sit at the counter for the ultimate foodie experience!
We went here for dinner last night and it was so amazing that here I am,  first thing in the morning, writing my review. In a word, Posh is AMAZING. So much so that I can't wait to go back!  Sorry Mark and Eddie, but I think I just found my new favorite place! Oh I'll be back to you, but holy cow is Posh ever good. 

As has been described already in other reviews, you get a list of proteins and you can let the chefs know what you dislike and they will build a menu based on what you do like. I pretty much gave them carte blanche although husband was a bit more restrictive. We opted for the full tasting menu, his without wine pairing and mine included wine. 

The service is absolutely incredible. Everyone is very friendly and non-intrusive although with selecting the full tasting menu, we saw A LOT of our server.  Several times, Joshua Hebert, the chef/owner served our dinners and he is a delight--very sweet, humble, and a refreshing change from some of the pompously overbearing chefs here in town (cough cough Chris Gross cough cough)

The food was fantastic....simply, utterly, completely fantastic. With the full tasting menu, there were 14 (no that's not a typo) different selections that came to our table including dessert. I included the foie gras and while others disliked the pairing of it with the berries, I found it quite a nice compliment to the richness of the foie gras. Each selection came just as we requested it be prepared, full of flavor, and never over done.  Our dishes truly crossed the entire spectrum of food ranging from fish to clams to beef short ribs to sweet breads, venison, duck, lamb, and beef.  We had the most delicious endive salad which was a homage to the wedge salad only bite size. And we also had an amazing sweet potato soup that was velvety and perfectly done. The only dish I didn't care for was the duck as the texture just didn't do it for me. Husband likes his meats prepared well done and he got well done every single time--not burnt--but still moist and delicious. 

Since I selected to have wine pairing, each dish came with a different wine....so yeah, that's 14 different wines...well 13 because 1 dish was actually paired with a very nice beer. Each beverage was perfectly paired with each dish. Having the pairing did enhance the flavors of each dish. But I guess that my 1 complaint...14 alcoholic beverages paired with 14 dishes and this Mama was definitely drunk by the time we got outta there.  By the last 4 dishes,  my tastebuds were so inebriated, I don't think I quite got the full flavor of those dishes. I can tell you that those last 4 dishes had great textures and I'm pretty comfortable to say I liked them.  The dessert of crustless cheesecake with meringues was refreshing because it wasn't so sweet. (at least I think so haha)  The next time I go back, I will probably just order a bottle of a solid all-around kind of wine instead of doing pairing simple because I don't want to be drunk every time I go there. 

The only other complaint I have is that the restaurant gets very very loud. The room is a wide open space with nothing to break up the noise. And be prepared for the obligatory arrogant Scottsdale guy who thinks he's far more important than he is, out with a woman who is so out of his league that he doesn't realize she's just there for his money. There were a few of those, but it does make for great people watching. 

If you are looking for something different...something where you can just tell the chef this is what I don't like, now SURPRISE ME, Posh is your place. I can't say enough great things about this place and I really can't wait to go back!
How easy is it to give them five stars?  VERY EASY.

They made the evening fun, magical, and truly exciting!  Here is what I liked:

1.  Getting to pre-select what I do not want.  (Brilliant idea!!)
2.  Getting to select how I want my foods cooked.
3.  Actually getting them cooked the way I selected! (BRAVO!)
4.  Service that was spot-on, quick, efficient, never intrusive.
5.  Excellent wine list, and pairing with each course.  This restaurant knows their stuff! 
6.  Interesting interior design really was a comfortable setting.  

I am a fan, and would whole-heartedly reccomend Posh in Scottsdale to anyone who wants an incredible evening of dining!  This restaurant knows their business and shows it in each and every course!  From the soup that was incredible to the salad that was perfection on a plate, I just do not know how a dining experience could be better.

My wife and I were genuinely surprised at each course, and enjoyed the fun of not knowing what was coming next.  

Posh - keep up the incredible work, you just raised the bar for every fine dining establishment!!

If you could give more than five stars on Yelp, but could only do it for one business, this would be the time to do it!!
My, OH-My!

This was my first visit to Posh and I can not wait to return. From the ambiance, service and cuisine this was a stellar experience.

Nestled in a condominium complex, this wonderful 26 seat food bar gives front row viewing to the complex culinary skills of the kitchen staff. With additional table seating if that's your preference.

We were greeted warmly and seated at the food bar. After completing the questionnaire regarding allergies and preferences, we ordered the five course plus the foie gras supplement and included the wine pairing. Each serving was presented to the two of us precisely at the same time then described in detail. 

The dining experience started with an amuse bush of persimmon salad. Then I was served a lovely salad that combined blood orange, avocado, chocolate, hazelnut and watercress into an amazing combination of flavors. Next was the perfectly cooked scallop with mustard, chanterelles, shallots and thyme. The third course was the foie gras that was a visually stunning presentation as well as being delectable. This was followed by confit of wild boar bacon, duck crackling with maple glaze on a butternut puree. A selection of cheeses was served as the fifth course that mingled creamy and savory flavors.  A clever twist of a snicker bar made of a chocolate pate with cognac caramel sauce was the finale.

This was an extraordinary experience and I look forward to returning. Thanks to chef Josh Hebert and the entire staff at Posh!
What a meal! My wife and I decided to try this place out. I had the 6 course, she had the 5 course. The first course is always a salad or soup, the last is always a dessert. Thus, I had 4 dishes coming to me, she had 3. You simply cross off what you don't want on the list of items that they have tonight. Then you mention how you like food prepared and they think of the rest. 
My four were a scallop dish, a baby octopus dish, a uni (sea urchin) mousse type thing, and a seared lamb dish. Dessert was a raspberry bomb. Everything I had was awesome. The chef does a wonderful job of combining sweet with salty. The flavors were very unique. 
My wife had big eye tuna with sriracha sauce, a duck dish with light pasta and a beef dish. She never orders red meat, but she devoured the beef. Her dessert was chocolate cubes with salt sprinkled on top with a olive oil drizzle. Never would have thought to combine those three things but it was great. 
I suggest sitting at the chef's counter. It allows you to look at everyone preparing dinner, and gives you a chance to interact with Josh, the head chef/owner. If you are a foodie, being able to ask the chef questions and getting his take on the food helps make your meal. 
Dinner for two ran us $145, before tip. I had 2 beers, my wife had iced tea. No wine.
A business associate treated my husband and me to dinner last night at Posh in Scottsdale, and while I definitely don't believe this restaurant is for everyone, the three of us really enjoyed it.

I think you have to have an open mind and be willing to try new things to really appreciate Posh.  You don't "order" a dinner but rather you cross off of a list of possible dishes the foods you don't like, and make notes about other things you won't (or can't) eat, and indicate how many courses you want to be served.  Then the Chefs get to work and prepare the number of dishes to serve and you won't know what you're getting until they put it in front of you.

The food itself was amazing - small portions - maybe four bites each (I'm not a big eater but had the 5 course.  Four courses would have probably still been plenty, I couldn't have managed 6), but beautifully presented and really tasty.  For example, my two favorite courses were the Wild Boar Bacon served with a polenta pancake and a slice of grilled apple (it was SO good I couldn't bring myself to share any with my husband and friend), and the braised short-rib served with a mashed purple yam compote and baby carrots (which was also so good that I realized by this time that I just had to share it, and both agreed that it was amazingly good).

If there is something on the list of possibilities that you want to be SURE you get to experience, just put a "Yes" next to it.

My only recommendation is that you consider carefully if you want to order the "with wine" courses, which means that you get a 'tasting' of wine with each course, not a full glass.   Great idea if you like to taste a variety of wines but don't generally drink much.  If you do, order the courses without wine and then just order a glass or bottle of wine 'a la carte'.

All in all Posh is a great place to take someone you want to impress, or to celebrate something special, or if you just want a fun experience and don't care about the cost.  It was pricey (very) but worth it, and I would definitely go again.
I rarely give 5 stars and when I do, its because the entire meal from beginning to end was truly stellar.  

And Posh deserves 5 stars...

Hubby and I took 2 friends to dinner here and we had never eaten there before.  That's always a risk, but after reading my fellow yelpers critiques, I felt confident enough to do this.  We called the restaurant and spoke to Josh - yes, Josh from Posh.  You know I could not leave that one alone!  When I mentioned something about his obviously rhyming name, he said that he had only realized this after he named the restaurant.  Obviously, speaking to the owner - who was really nice to speak to.

We get to dinner early enough to have drinks at the bar.  The decor in the restaurant is just beautiful - very clean lines and a modern-hip vibe.  We were never rushed even when our bar time went past our 7:15 reservation.  Good sign.  We were seated as soon as we mentioned we were ready.

The four of us filled out the list of what we did not want to eat and all of us had the 6 courses with the wine pairing.  I scratched out 3 things: frogs legs, manila clams, sweetbreads.  After our wishes were submitted, they brought out an amuse bouche that was a mini ball that had goat cheese in it.  I wanted more and I knew it was the beginning of a great experience!

First course was a baby spinach salad with a very light vinagrette dressing and crispy duck crackling which was so yummy that I really would have licked the plate if I knew for sure no one would see me. Second course was Fluke prepared with a fabulous light sauce and served with a slice of honeydew melon.  Amazing.

The third course was the Foie Gras and I was too excited for words.  Anyone that knows me knows I'm a sucker for a perfectly prepared Foie.  The medallion was served with a large spun sugar topping and some yummy sauce.  I went to put it in my mouth and was surprised to find that it was served cold.  Now I love pate and love Foie Gras in all its forms but did not expect this.  I just thought it would be seared and served hot.  After the initial mental adjustment I had to make, The second bite was surreal - rich, mousse-like, so delicious with the wine they served.  I really thought this was unusual but welcomed the change.

The fourth course was a fabulous duck breast perfectly prepared in a broth that had a fresh black pepper taste but not overwhelming at all.  We were all trying to figure out what the other herb in it was - and they told us star anise.  So yummy.  The Fifth course was Venison over white polenta and I really didn't want to share but I did.  Dessert was a strawberry filled with homemade strawberry sorbet with some raspberry mini bombes.  

Hubby and I always try and figure out who "won" with most best dishes served.  He had Grouper when I had the Fluke and the Grouper was amazing.  He also had a lamb dish when I had the venison - and I can tell you if you get the lamb dish, your whole table will be jealous. Hubby thinks he won, but I'm not sure about that.  Also, our friends had different dishes that they each loved as much as Hubby and I loved ours.

The wines paired with each meal were perfect with what we were having.  Also, more importantly, we were never rushed in our courses - even once.  They allowed as much time as we wanted to enjoy everything and each other.  Nice.  Another factoid - Chef Josh (owner and executive chef) tries to buy as much local as he can.  Much of the vegetables, meat, wine and even the coffee are found locally and he supports the area while cranking out some amazing food.  

Oh, and he's like the nicest guy around.  As we left, he talked to us for a good 20 minutes.

Plan on spending $50 per person for a 5 course meal (excluding wine pairing or any adult beverages) which is truly a good deal when you see how much you get here.  You spend easily that much at many ho-hum cookie cutter steak places - and you won't get the experience that will have you telling your friends about it for weeks.

We're going back as soon as possible - this is on our permanent Favorites list!
This one might be worth six stars. I visited Posh with my wife, sister and brother-in-law, and we were excited for a unique dining experience. We weren't disappointed and it still comes up from time to time... months after our visit. 

Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar so you can watch the chefs work. If you're open-minded about what you'll eat, put yourself in the chefs' hands and enjoy the ride. They're super friendly and engaging, so feel free to ask questions, too. Here's what we had on our visit (I'll upload photos too):

Roasted red pepper soup
Arugula salad with cherry
Arugula salad with pea tendrils, pickled red onions, & goat cheese
Avocado, blood orange, chocolate, and hazelnut shavings.

Monkfish with miso-glazed dichon.
Seared skate with sea beans & rhubarb sauce
Frog legs Parmesan encrusted.

Braised veal cheek with fingerling potato, celery leaf salad & mustard sauce
Shrimp chorizo with spring veg mix & avocado purée
Hamachi over peas, fava beans, & yellow broth
Seared scallops, spicy tomato, & heads of roasted garlic

Venison flank steak with Okinawan yams, mushrooms & Szechuan sauce
Lamb loin seared over basmati rice with eggplant & olive
Wild boar bacon seared with duck fat, pea purée gnocchi, citrus/honey sauce
Duck carbonara

Cubes of Kobe beef over red spinach leaf with shrimp demi glacé.

Buttermilk panna cotta topped with strawberries, lavender honey, & sugar strands. Milk chocolate layered with panna cotta and white chocolate. Dark chocolate truffle.

Meyer lemon curd lollipops.

Assorted cookies.
Had the 6 course meal. Interesting concept. No menu, just a list of what you DON'T want. Everything else is open season.

The concept is great but I was hoping for more of an Iron Chef experience. I came away feeling that they really only make a few dishes each night and you're going to get one of those regardless of how "adventurous" you are on the list. Example, GF said she didn't like soft cheese (i know.. insane right?), guess what her first course had on it?

I'm new in town and was happy to see the creativity. But the execution could have been better.

Wine pairings were great. Meal was about $200 before tip for 6 courses for 2 people with one wine pairing.
Improvisational cuisine seems to be a new concept in town.  One that is bold, exciting, and dangerous.

What I thought I was in for:  I tell the chef what I like, and he or she makes it.  I began to ask myelf before being seated if I wanted Thom Ka Gai soup, chilean sea bass, or some kind of pasta.  Well, I was completely off on the whole process.

This is what you are in for:  Once seated, you will receive a menu that is similar to a sushi menu.  You mark your likes and dislikes from a basic list.  You are providing "just enough information" about your own preferences and restrictions for the chef to design your meals.  You can order anywhere from four courses to seven courses.  For an additioal fee, you can add a wine pairing to each course which I highly recommend.

Things to note: Portions are extremely small, so order all seven courses as this does include soup, salad, and dessert.  My party and I ordered five, thinking it would be more than enough, and it barely satisfied our food cravings. Perhaps we were there on an off night, but we were at the restaurant for a good two and a half hours.  Despite the small size of the courses, we seemed to wait for thirty minutes between each course.  Know what everything is that you check on the list.  My friends checked the sea urchin because it had a cool-sounding name.  What they got was this pink stuff that looked like toothpaste, and tasted like sea water.

So, on to the improvisational menu.  Your first selection will be how many courses you would like, and if you wish them to be paired with wine.  I suggest the full tasting menu, which will set you back $110, but you will likely have eight or nine courses to sample.  If pairing with wine, the cost is $165.  The bare minimum is four courses at $45, but it will only make you hungry.

Sample items for you to cross off or check: chilean sea bass, quail, kobe, venison, kangaroo, frog legs, foie gras.  Along with selecting meat and fish temperatures, there is a small space for one to write their allergies and dislikes.  I took up most of the menu's space by sharing all of the things I love, along with all of those that I don't.  I hardly think it mattered, however.

Largest disappointment you will have: you mark eight items that you like on the menu, you order a four course meal and you get four of the items you like the least.  So, again, order big.

Greatest attraction: It's a surprise.  You don't know what you are getting, how it will taste, or what to expect.  This is a foodie's dream, or nightmare...?  If taking someone here on a first date, make sure they are open to trying something very new, and know the meaning of the word "culinary adventure."

Below is a taste of my five courses at Posh:
Frog leg on a roasted tomato with fennel sauce, paired with a Greek Boutari Kretikos, Volans blend, 2008.  (A few frog legs, excellent taste!)

Baby octopus salad with fingerling potatoes and lettuce paired with Olegario Albarino, rias baixas, 2006 (Great pairing)

Royal Tokaji Co., Tokaji Aszu, 5 puttonyos, 2005 Hungarian dessert wine paired with Foie Gras broulet served with strawberry and raspberry and a citrus sauce. (Another great pairing, but foie gras broulet style is something I never want to eat again.  I don't want my goose liver pate to be sweet.)

Quady Elysium Red Muscat Dessert Winepaired with chocolate pate with olive oil and sea salt (Amazing, likely our favorite item amongst the courses)

I cannot give this place five stars, due to our long wait time, and the very small size of the portions versus the price.  However, I hope to return someday soon and try the full tasting menu.
We had a superb meal last night at a fairly new Scottsdale restaurant. The restaurant is POSH and chef/owner is Joshua Hebert. Interesting concept - he call's it Improvisational Cuisine. They give you a list of the main course ingredients - meats, poultry, and fish - they're working with that night and you choose the ones you don't want. Also choose how you like your meat done (from Rare to Well done), likewise for fish, indicate if raw meat is OK, likewise for fish, and write down any general dislikes or allergies, and choose anywhere from a 5-7 course dinner. They vary portion size so that regardless of number of courses ordered you get approximately the same amount of food. Either with or without wine pairings. Each person gets a different meal, though some get an identical course. We all got the same cheese plate before desert. We also all got the same appetizer. The courses are very small but absolutely first rate. The one that blew me away was the panna cotta of sea urchin (uni) as an appetizer. It was spectacular. All three of us ordered the seven course meal and of the twenty-one plates we received sixteen were different from each other. Three of the twenty-one could have been better: the cream of rutabaga and fennel soup wasn't hot, but tasted wonderful; the braised pork belly was, in my opinion, a little too salty; and the half of a quail stuffed with sausage was slightly over cooked, but overall they really pulled it off.The wine pairings were perfect throughout. Cost for seven course without wines is $75, $135 with the seven flights of wine.
We went here for valentine's day dinner and had the 5 course meal, i am vegan so I thought yay improvisitional seitan, tofu,faux meat etc. I was so disappointed the food was bland, I got salad,soba noodles with 3 little mushrooms and other forgettable food.All and all I can cook more complex with bold flavors than their chefs, for $55 per person for the 5 course meal it is not worth it.We won't be coming back here.
First, there's a $10 discount on the entire fixed menu during happy hour, which (I believe) runs from 3-6.  If Posh is usually a little out of your budget, this can be a life-saver, especially if you're going for the 4-course.  It kept our bill under $100.

Book a seat at the chef's table.  We both loved watching all the different dishes being prepared and being able to ask about the ingredients and dishes.  The chefs were more than willing to answer questions, and would sometimes check in about our preferences about ingredients before prepping our next course.

If you have a particular food fetish, tell someone!  I happen to adore truffle oil, so I let our server know, and wrote it in the "other things we should know" section - and they specially prepared me a dish with truffle oil.  Which inevitably led to a foodgasm, and a foodgasm always leads to an extra star.

Another star for comping us the foie gras course, after I saw how beautiful/delicious it was, and wished (out loud) that I'd just dropped the $15 to the chef - he was such a sneaky charmer about it, too, and the server was practically beaming when I gushed over how delicious the dish was.  It was awesome to see everyone taking such pride in pleasing my palate.

Everything was perfectly executed, and completely delicious.  If I were rich, I would come here once a week.  

As it is, I just have to satisfy myself with waking up in the middle of the night, imagining the perfect interplay of the smooth, creamy foie gras with the spun sugar and berries.

(also, the post-dinner cookies and lollies are also amazing)
Visited Posh on a Friday night. Unfortunately, my date did not want to sit at the bar :/ I really wish we had, I would have enjoyed it. The tables were spaced a little close together, but what I really wanted to see was the action in the kitchen. 

I got the 4 course dinner with the wine pairing. The endive salad with pickled grapes, smoked almonds, and spicy blue cheese in a white wine vinaigrette was good, although perhaps a bit too bitter for my tastes. 

The next course was pretty goddamn awful. It was shrimp chorizo with spinach and soft polenta in a (I think) a red pepper broth. The shrimp chorizo was awful. I pawned as much of it as I could off on my date and sent half it back to the kitchen. It was NASTY, in my personal opinion. Next time I'm nixing chorizo on my posh questionnaire, heh! On the bright side, the polenta was tasty and I killed it. 

The next one hit it out of the park... duck confit . It was fantastic! I really can't say enough, it was my favorite course by FAR.

Dessert course was Posh's "take" on candy bars... I had a little snickers, kit-kat (tasted more like a milky way) and almond joy-mounds. They were adorable and delicious, and really really rich... shouldn't have ate 'em all :) 

A note about the wine pairing. I was not really that impressed with the pairings, but maybe I'm not that knowledgeable... all that I know is, a good pairing brings out the flavors in the wine, and the flavors in the dish, right? I wasn't really feeling that at all. Nonetheless, the wines chosen were good wines and I enjoyed each one, particularly the last one, a Black Moscat. The server kindly wrote it down for me, I intend to try to find it.

The service was fantastic, attentive and non-intrusive. Pacing was also great. 

Overall, despite my truly awful shrimp chorizo, I really am looking forward to returning to Posh!! This place likely deserves more than my paltry 3 star rating and I'd like to give it to them.
Ate there once, there were three of us, to sum up - ' hype is far greater than substance.' 

Ordered the 7 course wine pairing meal and signature item; foie gras - took one bite, it was terribly salty, and split into 4 -5 pieces as it was cut, we send it back and the chef agreed this is not how it is supposed to be. It could have been spam for all I know. 

Except for a roast beef piece and dessert , there was not a dish that was worthy. To give full disclosure the chef discounted the bill by 10% and we got extra desert wine & cheese course to make up for the foie gras disgrace. 

The head chef stands outside the kitchen, all the cooking is done by others; improvisational cuisine in our case really meant 'at the mercy' of the sous chef. They seem phobic about flavoring food with any subtle spice - perhaps that reflects local Scottsdale tastes. 

Many of the reviewers seemed to know each other, seemed to want to mention the chef's name as if they were given a privilege of meeting and this should have been a tip off regarding accuracy. The food by itself is not worthy.
I was indeed intrigued by the idea of Posh Improvisational Cuisine... and although I'd been wanting to try it for awhile, I waited for a special occasion to do so.  I finally made it to Posh last week for Jared's birthday!  (And yes, I selfishly chose the restaurant since I wanted to try it!)

It was me, Jared, our friend Larry G who was visiting from Jersey, and my brother met us a bit later... we took both Joel L's recommendation and that of "Josh from Posh," who called back to confirm our reservation, and we sat at the bar.  

The experience was more than just a meal... it was foodie heaven, entertainment, and like nothing we'd ever experienced before!  We were there for several hours and the time flew by... in that time, we laughed a lot, got to know the extremely attentive staff, ate our fair share of 7+ courses each, and drank some of us drank a glass of wine to go with each course...

I started taking notes of the courses as they came out, but Jonathan, one of our servers, insisted that they could email me a description of what I ate after the fact instead, so I took him up on it!  Here it is:

Amuse Bouche:  cucumber caviar with pickled grape, (everyone had this)

1st:  Belgian endive, blood orange vinaigrette, goat cheese and candied pine nuts

2nd:  Shrimp chorizo, kimchee broth, baby bok choy and shaved fennel

3rd:  Atlantic fluke, sesame oyster aioli, roated fingerling potatoes and mustard greens

4th:  Foie gras torchon brulee, fig consomme, spun sugar and duck cracklings

5th:  Sonoma duck breast, soy ponzu gelee, oyster mushrooms and carrot coulis

6th: Roasted venison loin, ginger cucumber salsa, pommes anna and carmelized shallots

7th:  trio of cheeses, Tomme de savoie, robiola, humbotl fog(everyone had this) 

Yes, I ate all of the above in one sitting and then some!  I also tasted several of the other courses that my dining companions had including Jared's 2nd course of Black Cod and his 5th course of Braised short rib... not to mention the various desserts we all shared (Buttermilk panne cotta with fresh fruit, Trio of homemade candy bars, and Honey and Mascarpone tart with ancho chocolate ganache).  They even provided us with little goodie bags of sweet treats for the road.

Everything was expertly prepared.  I didn't take a bite of anything I didn't like... even the foie gras was surprisingly tasty although I only took a small bite.  Don't hate me for that, please!

We were all beyond impressed with our experience at Posh and although it was a splurge, it was totally worth it for a special occasion.  We'll be back!
My hubby and I had our second visit to POSH last evening. We knew what to expect and were just as thrilled as the first visit. We were a bit smarter on our choices, allowing the chef's more flexibility since we learned the first time to stay away from the "tried and true" and let them go. It was awesome. We came early so as to avoid the long waits in our reviews and our dinner was a nice 2 hour pace. Just perfect. Our server, CJ, was friendly, attentive, very well informed (which is important at POSH given the some unusual proteins- particularly some of the fish.) I am allergic to tuna and he quickly identified any fish in the tuna family. We both did the 5 course and opted for our own wine choice instead of the tasting menu. We began with a lychee amuse buche with bee pollen. Sweet and a perfect apertif. I then had a lovely salad with diced radish and a mustard vinagrette. Light and lovely for me. Hubby had a very interesting artichoke heart salad w/cucumber balls, reminiscent of salmon roe. Next up was a lovely crispy red snapper served on a cauliflower puree w/turnips. I could have licked the bowl. He had a monkfish liver that looked interesting. Then our favorite, the veal sweetbreads. They are hard to find in town and these were perfection. We had them last time but this was an entirely different preparation and it was divine. My final protein was the best. If I were on the Food Network Show, "The best thing I ever ate," well, this is it. Chef Josh prepared a duck roulade w/spinach, ramps and a phyllo dough. I have never tasted anything better and I almost forked my husband for stealing one! :) Hubby finished with an elk dish.  We finished w/ a cheese plate as we are not sweet eaters and it was very nice.The entire experience was fabulous. Chef Josh is charming and friendly and very customer focused. We LOVED IT.
Went with a girlfriend, hoping for a food adventure. What we got was all right, but a bit disappointing for the price.

We sat at the bar and had virtually no interaction with the kitchen staff whatsoever until the dessert course, when the chef came out and discovered neither of us were eager for anything chocolate. He directed someone to abort mission. Later, I wished I had received the chocolate -- my carrot cake was bland and dry.

The rest of my courses were really good, but not terribly inventive. Salad with pears and Pecorino; fish with an Asian sauce, peas and carrots; short ribs in a wine sauce. All delightful, but nothing to write home about.

My friend, though, had a couple of solid clunkers, including monkfish liver, that, yes, was as bad as it sounds. Worse, actually. You think you like fish? You think you like liver? Avoid fish liver, unless you are one of the strange ones that actually likes that nasty taste that sometimes arises after downing a cheap Omega-3 capsule. And I had velvety sweetbreads at Gary Danko a while back that I still dream about, but the sweetbreads here were chalky and funky-tasting.

However, the wine pairings were done well, the service was fine, and it was fun to watch the goings-on in the kitchen.
Nutshell? The most impressive meal I've had in Phoenix since moving to AZ in November. 

Discovered randomly by searching for "cool restaurants Phoenix" on google. Took all of a minute on their website to know this was my kind of place.

If you don't know already, Posh's twist is "improvisational cuisine". There is no menu. Instead you get a short questionnaire/checklist to fill out. What do you like, not like, red meat yes or no, will you eat fois gras, and any flavors or foods you especially like. Then you choose what number of courses you want and whether or not a wine pairing should be added. From there it's all up to the Kitchen. They build off you information with what they've brought in that day and what the chef comes up with creatively. 

For my friend and I we each chose a five course tasting with wine pairing. The plates are Tapas size so there really isn't any need to go beyond five courses and four for us in that moment would have left us wanting.

The fun began with a Lychee nut & bee pollen amuse bouche. Equally tasty and unusual. We then got a lovely glass of champagne with our first plate, which for me was a salad-esque number with ribbons of avocado. From then on the evening became a sort of sensory decadent blur of grape 'n' grub. EVERYTHING was uniformly delicious and artfully presented. Highlights included the a for mentioned fois gras (As good as I had in Paris a few years back), Monk fish in ponzu sause, Fluke, and a medallions of duck that was so good I smiled through every bite. The wines were all unknown to me and a mix of domestic and foreign. All were enjoyed and downed to the last drop.

Throughout the proceedings the waitstaff were a note perfect blend of personal and professional. I got the feeling they enjoyed working there as the resto seems to cultivate a very user-friendly smart casual environment that came off as upscale/trendy and neighborhoody/comfortable at the same time. We also got to talk with the head chef a fair amount. He gabbed about how they source their ingredients, especially the fish, and Sedona, from where he came and near where I live.

The evening finished with an ice wine and tart that summed up the entire experience for me. YUM.

Notes: Parking is free, plentiful and close in a garage beneath the resto that you enter around the corner to the south of the main entrance. There is also valet parking, though the night I was there no one seemed to be staffing kiosk. I would recommend reservations though we were one of just five parties being served in a space that can handle quadruple that easily on an Early June Wednesday. 

I get the feeling this place is on the adventurous side for Phoenix so they need more word-of-mouth among the kind of folks who like innovative upscale eats. Finally, Posh is not cheap. the five course + wine pairing and dessert ran to $240 with tip for two diners. 

If all the above intrigues you, I would strongly recommend you try Posh. I move to AZ from Los Angeles and ate at some of that City's best/most interesting restaurants including Gordon Ramsey, The Bazaar and A.O.C.. Posh would fit right into and line up and be overrun with customers. 

PHX is lucky indeed to have a place this interesting and tasty.

I can't wait to go back!
if i have paid for this meal, i'd be pissed, period!

but since i was among work colleagues, i faked my smile, i toasted my glass, i ate my meal in small bites, and filed just a little tiny complaint to our waitress at the end of my meal. 

Me: "I understand you are a improvisational cuisine restaurant, so you pretty mudh dictate what is being offered to my 4-course meal. yes?"

Waitress with smile: "Yes"

Me - afraid my colleagues might hear my complaint and judge me as hard-to-please bitch - wispered in my best manner:  "not that i am complaining, but i clearly indicated on my direction list no veggies.  Can you please explain to me why i started up my meal with a salad and ended it with a carrot cake?"

Waitress still in smiles:  "I am sorry, we should have paid more attention to it.  Here is some chocolate."

suuuuuuure..  

and that frigging chocolate bar is something to compensate for my goddamn 4-course $100 bucks meal??!  I have had Salad! some Veggie mixed crap, more veggie mixed beef, and at the end, CARROT cake!  you gotta be effing kidding me!!

and let me tell you, that foie gras tasted GAMY!  GAMY!!

I have decided, this is the perfect place to bring a much-hated-but-you-can't-say-no-date, storm out and stiff him with the check!
Posh is a great place, I love the concept of telling a trained Chef what you love and what you really want to try and having that Chef create something just for you. My Fiancée and I had wanted to try this restaurant for a very long time and on May 14th we finally did. 

Our waiter was awesome he was very attentive and knowledgeable in both wine and the food that was prepared.  The food was really great in taste and in presentation. The wine parings chosen for each course were perfect for what I was eating, I love good wine. My only bad note was maybe that it was a little over priced and the courses are very small so if you are really hungry get 7+ courses. This place would be perfect if it was a little more reasonable on the price. The food was great I tried things that I would have never thought of ordering, this was a true party in my mouth :) If you are a Foodie this is a must try.
I have never had a great "gimmick"  (and I use that word in the complimentary form) come together with service, atmosphere, and amazing tastes and smells so well. I can only highly  recommend the wine pairing. Our wine steward knows Josh's cooking as well as he knows his wines, his pours where bang on. 
Thanks Guys
Dear Posh,

I just woke up in a cold sweat, scratching my arm, I need a fix. I am having serious withdrawals after the smorgasbord the other night. I need duck liver and I need it now....seriously I have a problem and I need to go to Foie Anonymous.  

For best dinning experience (and for the best life experience too!) dont be so picky about what you have. I saw some posts where people were way too restrictive with their requests. (seriously Kat S.? no vegetables???) Stick with food allergies and things you absolutely HATE. If you hate an entire section of the food pyramid, Posh is not for you.
The cooking chemist and artist.  I was very excited to visit this concept restaurant that brings you a surprise every course.  I LOVED the excitement it added to the experience.  My husband is very picky and the couple we dined with are somewhat vegetarian and all left very happy with an aroused palate.  Some highlights included a kangaroo filet with two butter bubbles... they were liquid inside and glorified the dish when pierced.  Then, a pig adventure course that included pig ear ravioli, pig pate, and some other delicious pig something or other with an egg yolk on top.  I think Posh could easily move to a five star for me after another visit.  For the quality and exoticness of the food, I feel it is very well priced.  Service was amazing and Josh the owner is entertaining and welcoming.
The concept at Posh restaurant is "improvisational cuisine". I think of something improvised as being made up on the spot, done without preparation. What an exciting dining experience that would be, albeit fraught with danger for both the chef and the patrons. But don't go to Posh expecting that. The days menu is set long before you arrive and all you get to do is check off on a printed list what proteins you dislike so they won't be served to you. It's disconcerting to be asked to think about food you don't like at the beginning of a meal. Your other decision is how many courses you desire and if you want wine pairings: from $45 per person for 4 courses ($77 with wine) to $110/$165 for a full tasting, which is more than 7 courses.

     Our meal started off promisingly. We shared a nice cocktail called a Cosmonade ($9) made with Hangar 1 Citron, Chambord, and lemon. An amuse bouche of papaya sorbet with mint "caviar" was delicious (this tiny spoonful doesn't count as a course).  My first course was an heirloom tomato salad with haricot vert and a few shavings of cheese. With something this simple  the ingredients need to shine, and these did not - the tomato, while ripe, had little flavor, and there was so little cheese it's impact on the dish was negligible. Ken's vichyssoise with chive oil was pleasant enough. For me, the fish course was sea bream with bok choy. The fish skin had been blasted with a propane torch which rendered it beautifully crispy. The Asian-y sauce on the vegetable was pretty salty, a harbinger of things to come. Ken received shrimp (they were called some fancy name) served with gnocchi, baby garlic, and a blastingly peppery aioli. The shrimp had been way overcooked, rendering them rubbery and tasteless. 

     On to the meat course. Mine was venison served on farro (which is an Italian whole grain), with a rhubarb gastrique. First I took a bite of meat - it was flavorful but tough. Then the farro. I gasped and almost choked. It was that salty. The insipid gastrique was totally overpowered by the other elements of the dish. Ken was kind enough to swap plates with me, and his braised short rib (hardly a seasonal dish) was at least edible, though also oversalted. Interestingly enough it was served with fingerling potatoes, making this the third dish in a row served to Ken that contained potatoes (assuming that the gnocchi had been made with them). When our waitress, cooly professional throughout, asked if we enjoyed this course, we mentioned the salt issue and she said she would inform the kitchen.

     Finally, dessert. We were both given chocolate cake, cut into unattractive chunks. Mine topped with cubes of apricot, and Ken's with plum. Neither of these fruits complemented the cake, which contained a distractingly large amount of pepper. The drizzle of chocolate ganache was tasty. At this point we were seriously considering going to Crudo to have dessert since we needed a satisfying conclusion to the evening.
Just then our server brought us a complimentary cheese plate, an apology for the salty food. That turned out to be the high point of our experience (along with the amuse bouche). The cheese selection was excellent, and the buttery grilled bread outstanding.
But for $130 you'd expect more, wouldn't you?

     I strongly suggest that if you want a an exceptional "tasting" experience you should visit Crudo Cafe. You even get to choose the foods you like to eat, not those you don't.
From my perspective, this place is as good as it gets.  No menu here, although I'm sure they already know based on available ingredients what will be prepared for the evening.  Instead, you select what you don't or can't eat from a list and then are surprised by what comes out.  While this is somewhat foreign to a dining experience, we had fun with it, learning in the process that 2 ingredients we thought we didn't like were actually delicious given the preparation.

We both selected 5 courses (you select from 4-7 I believe) and it was plenty of food.  Servings are small but almost all of ours were delicious.  I had 2 fish dishes and enjoyed both, but the highlight was a deconstructed key lime pie for dessert.  

I'm not going to go on about ingredients in every dish and pretend to be the food critic I am not; rather, if you want a nice atmosphere, great service and outstanding food based on what you like and how you like things prepared, this place delivers.
i went to pos aug14th and had a 745 res. we were sat right away . my first thought was "its loud" and thought we were going to have a quiet meal the dress is casual  not dressy like we were informed by the person who picked up the phone ... we did select our amount of courses and the proteins we didnt like or want . such as ny steak veal sweetballs monk fish frog legs rabit kangaroo kinki tuna and some others the meal did take 3 hours for 4 courses and you can have wine pairings which will cost you for 4 courses it was 45 per person and went up to 7. you can add fragua for 15 on top of the course price and it takes the place of a course .the mgr did come over and apologize for a loud costumer and offered to compensate us in anyway. over all the meal was good but we wanted a more low key place
Tasting menu sort of place... sort of in the spirit of a Michael Mina (San Francisco) or Per Se (Manhattan). The cost is similar, but, not quite on par with either of the former too. Thought it's not really a fair comparison. 

That having been said however, it's quite good, improved on the spot for you and your table (and if it's not the impression is there that it is). While you do select the proteins (meats) you like and dislike, it seems to be used more as a guide to avoid items you will hate than specific direction to the preparation. Each member of our table received different dishes, despite similar choices. I personally think it's more fun to leave the list open and not know what your eating until after you have eaten it so you approach the food with no preconceived judgment. 

The wines were interesting.  Few if any of the servings were complex or terribly interesting to the nose.   It seemed initially we were on a path of places that aren't really known for good wines, however, interestingly enough the wines were fine, and it was one of the best pairings I've ever seen in which the interaction of the wine and the food was drastically well done and clearly apparent. Too often the wine is an aside to the menu and doesn't interact with it, even in a paired meal. Not the case here the pairing vastly improved both the wines and the food. That alone was worth the price of admission. 

In the photos, servings look smaller than what we experienced... also keep in mind there are up to 12 or 13 courses. If you order fewer courses the servings looked noticeably larger, more courses, smaller servings. We all were quite full from the rich food by the time we left. 

This place has huge potential for greatness if it keeps growing on a path of uncompromising quality and innovative servings that really accentuate the best in flavors of what is being served. 

We'll go back.
Warning: this place is not for picky eaters, but if you could have an open mind for just one night this is the place to go.  you are not able to chose what you want to eat instead they give you a number of courses and you can cross out what you really don't like or if you have allergies you can let them know and they wont serve it to you.  now a small amount of food will come out for each course but the food is amazing its actually so good that you shouldn't even know what it is so you cant judge it before you tried it.  we had halibut checks, kobe beef, monk fish, duck liver it was all amazing but its a improvisational restaurant the great thing is that the menu keeps changing so there is no limit to the possibilities that this restaurant can accomplish if you have a real passion food food this is not a place that you can skip.
For quite a while now I've driven past a residential building in Old Town Scottsdale, at the base of which is an unassuming red and white sign that reads "POSH Improvisational Cuisine."  After having asked several friends what this place was all about and gathering random bits of information about this mysterious restaurant that "has no menu," "is really expensive,' and my personal favorite "I have no freaking idea," I added it to my list of places I wanted to try out.

Recently I had the opportunity to meet several friends for dinner and POSH was the consensus restaurant choice, so to POSH I went!  Arriving First in my group is unusual for me but arrive first I did.  The "lobby" in POSH is well..POSH, with several comfy chairs and a view of what's going on in the restaurant.

After a few minutes my group arrived and we were shown to our preferred counter seats (the better to see Chef  Joshua Hebert create our dinner), brought cocktails and given the rundown on how things worked.  Presented with sushi style menus, we were instructed to strike through any proteins that we didn't like and note at the bottom any allergies or things we didn't prefer to eat. That was it, a menu would be created individually for each diner in the party by the Chef and his crew of culinary mad scientists.

I ordered the six course tasting menu sans wine pairing for $65, and wondered what gastronomical delights awaited.   My wait was not long as the amuse bouche arrived in short order.  After a few minutes our first course arrived,  potato viscosuisse with chive oil & arugula pesto, a surprisingly lite, chilled soup with a silky texture that begs to be consumed.

All conversation stopped as the members of my party hungrily consumed a variety of tailor made dishes and just as suddenly resumed amidst a chorus of "oooh's,' and "ahhh's," while we discussed the day's events and waited for the next course which in my case was an Heirloom yellow tomato sorbet, sweetened with a little bit of simple syrup, mint oil & tomato caviar garnish. I must say, I never knew tomatoes could taste so exquisite.  The flavor was bright, sweet and fresh with just a hint of acidity and was topped with tiny red tomato caviar which burst on the palate providing just the slightest bit of sourness.

On to the next course of Santa Barbara spot prawns served with a shrimp demi-glace, preserved lemon, capers & baby artichokes. Now I've eaten a lot of shrimp in my time and more than my fair share of prawns yet I've never had them cooked so perfectly.  The temperature was spot on making them succulent and moist , the rich and flavorful demi-glace tasted faintly of the ocean and combined with salty capers had me envisioning waves of flavor washing over my palate.

While awaiting the next course we discussed the different experiences each member of the group had had to this point. There was general agreement that there were flavors, textures and presentation elements that we hadn't had previously and all were eager to move on to the next course which was Fois gras.

I've always heard people waxing poetic about the virtues of foie gras and have generally been ambivalent but no more, the crunchy brulee' was the perfect textural compliment to soft, slightly sweet foie gras (the texture and flavor of which I'm STILL at a loss to adequately describe), served over a sweet coulis of papaya with tiny house pickled grapes and topped with a beautiful garnish of hand spun sugar.  I've thought about this dish many times over the last few days but the only thing I'm able to say is that you must try it!

My next course was lamb which I normally find improperly prepared leaving it with an unpleasant taste and texture but masterfully prepared here.  Served with broccoli, fingerling potatoes & a mustard dill sauce with Chile flakes.  Unfortunately, I wolfed it down so fast that I forgot to take pictures.  I will say that having lamb prepared in this way gives me cause to add it to my list of "likes!"

The next course happened to be duck, another protein that I typically dislike due to poor preparation which leaves it greasy with an unpleasant flavor.  Here the duck was bacon cured served with bok choy & apricot sake sauce. This dish was both visually appealing and absolutely delicious (I've said this about several of the night's items with good reason), it was perfectly prepared, tender enough to cut with a fork, with just the right amount of salty smokiness which went well when paired with the accompanying apricot sake sauce.

Following the duck was a surprise course of Scrapple (a Pennsylvania Dutch favorite), served with Fava beans and the Boar bacon that I've heard so much about. This crunchy on the outside, soft and creamy on the inside staple of the Pennsylvania working man was elevated by Chef  Joshua Hebert, to something extraordinary.  Topped with a crispy poached egg yolk, crunchy boar bacon bits and bright, fresh Fava beans, scrapple at POSH is one of my new favorite thing.
Walking into Posh, I felt a modern appeal.  Its decor screamed  classy and sophistication. What's interesting about the place is that there is no real menu.  You pick the ingredients you cannot eat, and the chef makes whatever his imagination takes him.  Of course, I wanted to see what the chef can create, so I wrote that I can eat anything and everything, including the fois gras.  The foie gras add-on for $15 is a must.

We opened with an amuse bouche:  a melon caviar
My first dish were legumes with a light vinaigrette sauce punctuated with edible rose petals.  It was a mediocre opening.  The next course was fantastic.  It was a braised octopus in a mushroom puree.  The saltiness was perfect.  It accentuated the natural flavor of the octopus exquisitely.  
The next course was a smoked bass in a soy-based sauce.  The fish had good texture.  But the overall taste was bland.  Up next was the most amazing dish of the entire meal: the fois gras.  I've had foie gras many times, but by far, this is the best I've ever had.  It was caramelized on both side which contracted to the heaviness of the foie gras.  It's paired with the melon caviar and a sweet and tangy dried plum jam which balanced the foie gras.  It was a definite must-have.
Up next, was the braised rabbit in a vegetable stock.  The rabbit was tender and flavorful.  An average dish. The fourth course was a bison medallion in a mushroom broth.  The meat was cooked medium rare.  I'm not a big fan of the bison because the meat is typically tougher, but the favoring and broth was good regardless.
The next course was a filet mignon medallion in a red wine reduction.  The meat was tender again.  All props to the chef.  All the meat was medium-rare as ordered.  The broth was not overpowering so you can enjoy the full flavor of the beef.  
Up next was a surprise.  Courtesy of the chef, a cheese sample.  Which I love love love!  And finally the last of our journey, the dessert.  :-(   What I had was every girl's dream: the splendid chocolate soufflé.  It was heaven on earth.  It was fluffy and the sweetness was just the right amount.  I could die right there. :-)

Overall, the dinner was very good.  Some of the dishes especially the foie gras was definitely worth revisiting.  I would highly recommend all those with a fat wallet to come and experience the uniqueness of Posh.
I think this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I love the innovative idea, the food and wine pairings are superb, and most of all that you don't have to choose what you want... you only tell them what you don't want... because you know what you don't want but sometimes it's hard to decide what you do.  Well, they do that part for you and all of your guests, and they bring different items for everyone at the table. It is a lovely, wonderful, delicious experience.
Being a fan of expensive and interesting cuisine, I have to say that this place is one of the few that in the food category get it right in Phoenix. The concept of the customized menu and course selection is pretty amazing and certainly something you should share with out of town guests, or a great date. The service was actually some of the best I've ever had in Arizona. 

On the downside, the decor is lacking and doesn't match the level of the food or service - a flaw in design for sure. (For a $115 meal, I expect more than cafe decor and a a stinky bathroom with exposed plumbing issues.)
This is a really interesting place in Scottsdale. My friend was "chef for a night,"  (she provided recipes, but the main chef still cooked) so I have not been on a regular night. However, the chef seemed really cool and the meal I had there was delicious! Everything was portioned just right, and the spices and oils were not too overwhelming but delicious enough. 

The waitress we had the night I went wasn't the friendliest. I would say that's a definite negative. Also the bathroom kind of stunk as well.
Super tasty!  Went there for a romantic dinner on New Year's Eve and walked away very satisfied.

Everything was cooked to perfection, from the monkfish to the foie gras to the duck leg confit...sooooo yummy!  The attention to detail was insanely awesome!  I rarely give reviews, let alone a glowing review, so this is definitely a place to try, and then try again and again.  I highly recommend doing the wine pairing with your meal.  With the exception of the taster course (amuse bouche - sp?), there is a glass of wine with each plate of food that is excellently matched to the food.  Also, our server was very knowledgable, attentive, and courteous.
In lieu of exchanging Christmas gifts, my friend and I decided to go out for a great meal. Someplace new and something we normally wouldn't have thought to try.
I remembered reading a review about Posh several months ago but I couldn't remember the name of the restaurant, where it was located...So a big thank you to Gabi M and Joel L. for setting me straight.
I enjoy going out to eat with my friends, but never have I felt truly excited to try a restaurant that I have never been to. I was so excited that I was actually worried that I was going to be let down.
I called yesterday to make reservations for today. I spoke with Josh (I'm not sure if it was Chef Joshua Herbert - owner) I knew from the minute he answered the phone that no matter what I thought about the food, the service was going to be out of this world.
So finally the time comes and we make our way to the restaurant. We are greeted at the door by Chef Joshua. He greeted us, showed us to our seats, came and talked to us during our meal and walked us out. Some might consider it a little touch, but it made us feel special.
Overall the service was out of this world amazing. Our drinks constantly being refilled, fresh silverware for each course...And, at each course, our server asked us how we enjoyed that selection. She did so in a way that made is seem like she was asking because she genuinely cared, not because she had to.
We each ordered the 6 course meal ($80/person), sans wine. My only restriction; no olives!
So here's what we had:
Me:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Butternut Squash soup with beet puree

Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar

Course 3: Loup de Mer (a buttery rich, silky white fish), buttered leeks, fingerling potatoes with a black garlic and mustard sauce

Course 4: Pork Tenderloin with chayote squash and braised broccolini in a bacon broth

Course 5: Quail with Duck sausage stuffing, asparagus and creamy polenta.

Course 6: Lemon something with spun sugar, berries and a green tea puree.

My friend:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Frisee salad with green apple, spicy macadamia nuts, goat cheese and hibiscus sauce.

Course 2: Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar (same as mine)

Course 3: Shrimp with ramen noodles, leeks and goma sauce

Course 4: Wild Boar Bacon, glazed parsnips, pecans, chives and cumin sauce

Course 5: Venison with mesquite shallots, spelt and sour cherry puree

Course 6: Ginger pecan tartlets with a cranberry puree.

Everything I had was great. I have no complaints about anything I ate.  The ahi sashimi and Pork tenderloin were probably my favorites. I only wish there was something a bit more exotic. 

My friend wasn't so lucky. She was very disappointed with the frisee salad. If you don't know what frisee is, its the lettuce you throw out when you open one of those prepacked salads from the grocery store. Also, her third course, she LOVED the shrimp (I thought they were slightly overcooked) but thought the noodles were ordinary at best.

With those few things aside, we both thoroughly enjoyed not just our meals but the overall experience.
We sat at the bar as recommended by Chef Joshua and Joel L. It was fascinating to watch and I was very impressed at how well everyone worked together as a team. I kind of missed the interaction with the cooks. I was expecting the type of interaction that I experienced at St. Francis but did not get it.

I think this restaurant is a great concept and very well executed. It is pricey ($220 for two, with tip and 1 cocktail each, no wine) and not something I can afford to comeback to regularly, but I sure wish I could!
This is hands down the best restaurant in Arizona!  The food is perfect!  This is a dining experience that no one should miss!
This place is amazing! 
We decided on the 7 course meal without the wine paring. 
We started with vodka martinis and I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives and the waitress said she would make some, fresh! 
The olives alone were amazing. The best blue cheese I have had in a long time. 
The courses were all fabulous. I think the wild boar bacon was one of my favorites. I also loved the red cabbage jelly and curry soup. The prawn dish was a little disappointing. The prawns were overcooked and chewy, but that is my only complaint. 
For dessert we requested something savory as we are not really into sweets. 
Wow, we made the right decision. They brought us a cheese plate with the best cheese I have ever had on it. There was a Humbolt Fog goat cheese and the star of the dish, Epoisse Du Borgogne. I have never tasted anything like it. The waitress wrote down the cheese names and told me where I could purchase it. 
I love it here. It is a wonderful experience. We spent 4 hours (we told them there was no rush) a lovely laid back dinner and drinks. 

Go, savor and fall in love!
Having lived in Chicago for 28 years I was hoping this would be something special.  The food was dull, we told the waiter we wanted certain things but wanted something with some flare.  We all got basically small amounts of boring food for a lot of money.  I could do btter by buying fish and meat at Costco and grilling them myself.
Possibly the most unique restaurant I've ever been to. This place is definitely for the open minded and willing to try new things.

I enjoyed everything I had. We had the 7 course meal. The portions are small, but by the end of the meal you're full enough. I think our portions are too large anyway in general. The homemade custard ice cream suckers were just delicious though!

Great ambience and concept. I've only been once, so I'll have to go again and see if it's equally good. The service was great and the chef was very friendly. As usual, customer service is key and is what earned this place 4 stars and not 3.
A wonderful date night at our favorite spot in town. We opted to sit at the long counter this time to watch the action. It was cool. The only issue is that the seats were a bit tight for Big Daddy to get really comfortable and we were pretty far from the action (my fault for calling at the last minute). I loved sitting there because I like the social aspects of a community spot and it was great fun. Food was exquisite as ever (menu to follow below). We both noticed that Chef Josh (always a charmer) is placing even more emphasis on front of the house interaction. EVERYONE LOVES THAT! It makes it fun and he is so informative that the food goes to another level. 
BIg Daddy and my menus combined:
Amuse bouche- passion frruite gren tea w/kiwi pudding (good, but sweet for us)
Celery root sout w/pumpkin seed oil- DIVINE
Cucmber, watermelon, red radis, goat cheese salad
Kumamoto Oyster- ponzu soy, chive 
Loup de mer w/eggplant mash- YUMMY
Foie Gras-BIG DADDY SAID IT IS THE BEST THING EVER. He was swooning and he doesn't ever swoon that much unless I cook! (ulterior motive, but that's another story :))
Kangaroo w/ creamy white polenta- Kangaroo was good- a bit firmer than we expected and the polenta complimented it beautifully.  A lovely protein course.
Veal sweet breads- zucchine noodls, shishito peppers and bacon consumme- LOVE THIS- We requested sweetbreads because we lust for them and these were delicious. Chef even gave us tips on how to make them at home (no small feat)
The Cheese Course- always prefer savory over sweet - Epoisses de Bourgogne, humbolt fog (hubby's fave) and robiola SUPERB!

The meal was absolutely wonderful. Experience was romantic, fun. No wonder they are always packed in this economy. LOVE IT!
If you consider yourself a foodie, you simply must add a visit to Posh to your gastronomic repertoire. And even if you're not a foodie but you are open to  adventure, Posh delivers a dining experience unlike any other in the Phoenix area.

The best advice I could give from my experience is go for eight courses. The minimum order is four, so my dining companion and I initially ordered six and as we arrived at the fifth course we opted to add two more. No regrets. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely. 

Each course was like a microcosm- a nearly whole experience in just a few bites. And yes, the portions are small (in one case even laughably so), but this is food constructed to be savored, not shoveled.

Waxing poetic aside, Posh is really, really fun. I recommend sitting at the open kitchen so you can watch the preparation. The service was attentive and friendly without any intrusion. Our server was very knowledgeable, and in the one instance we were able to stump him, he brought the man himself, Joshua Herbert, over with the answer.

The ambiance is welcoming, if a bit industrial, and diners were dressed in all manner of frocks from polos and khakis to evening attire. 

With the ever-changing menu, there's little point in discussing specifics, but we enjoyed yummies like oysters, veal cheek, pork belly, wild boar, venison, skate, and fluke, all prepared beautifully. And if the sound of braised veal cheek sets your heart aflutter (in a good way) then close your browser already a book yourself a seat. 

Oh- and leave yourself some extra time to park; locating the underground garage proved to be a task beyond my navigational capacity and we had to call the host twice for directions.
Truly a different dining experience.  Imagine not knowing what you are going to eat.  All our dishes were very good. If you like foie gras, splurge for the $15 extra...worth it.
Always a great place!  The service really sets a standard! The food is like nothing else here in the valley.   Stop in next time you drive by!
Yum!!

I had a great meal at this place and loved their "no menu" concept!  You are given a list of meats and asked to cross off any you don't like, there is also a place to note another other dislikes/allergies/etc.  The boyfriend and I skipped all that and just wrote "vegetarian" in big letters at the bottom. 

We had some amazingly rich, flavorful food and interesting ingredients.  I very much appreciated that both of us were given different vegetarian dishes - that way, I could try EIGHT different courses (four for each).  I had the best potato soup of my life here.  And I've had a lot of potato soup in these 24 years.  

For the price, the portions do seem like your typical small, fancy food plates but I ended up being completely full at the end.  The cocktails were  very weak and it would probably be better bang for your buck to just order a glass of wine.    

Although I loved my meal here, I think this place would be more fun for meat eaters as they have some really interesting ones (kangaroo, quail, frog leg, exotic fish) on their menu.  You also probably get the most out of what you are paying, since the vegetarian option isn't any cheaper.
Awesome place and an amazing experience. I'd definitely recommend to anyone looking for a special date, or anyone looking to be adventurous. My girlfriend and I are both lacto ovo vegetarians who don't like mushrooms or olives, and yet even within those constraints they had very creative, very unique, and incredibly delicious courses for us to enjoy. 

I'm only leaving 4 stars instead of 5 because we left hungry after 6 courses...their website does say "We want you to leave sated, but try not to stuff anyone or make anyone sick with too much food." which I very much respect and appreciate, but the courses were just a little too small even with that in mind - both of us left still hungry enough that we snacked more as soon as we got home. Perhaps because we ordered vegetarian the courses were particularly not-that-filling, so your experience may differ. My advice is to go, just don't go starved :)
Just really uninteresting and bland. Yes, very VERY boring. Wish we gone elsewhere.
One of my top 10 meals *ever*!! 

Some how I forgot to write this review the night of. 
Probably because of the haze of gastronomic bliss I was floating in.

This meal was on Valentine's day, the 24th my wife and I have celebrated together. From the endive salad start to the white chocolate panna cotta finish - every dish was crafted with passion and precision.

The improvisational nature of the menu doesn't mean loss of control of your dinner. It means you get exactly the flavors you like delivered as a wonderful surprise dish. I was amazed that my wife and I (who have Very different palettes) each received dishes to delight us.

This is a MUST visit restaurant. If I could afford it, I'd be here once a week. It is a bit costly for a night out, but worth every penny.

The owner, chefs, kitchen brigade and service staff made this an amazing experience. My thanks to all of you.
A very interesting concept -- would be fun with a group. Fill out a questionnaire and wait to see what shows up. The food that does arrive is creative and well plated. The wine list could be more robust, but the selections are well chosen. The wine pairings are competent. The service is helpful and not intrusive. Hard to find, so come with a navigator. Postmodern dining.
Truly a special dining experience.  Spouse and I got to try each other's "tastes" for an interactive evening.  Our salad courses couldn't have been more different, but equally interesting and tasty.  Main courses as well.  I can't recommend any particular item because the menu is not set, but I can suggest trying the duck confit if they have it.
Bring a good attitude to the table and you will be rewarded with top flight food and service.  First time was so good we might go back tomorrow.
Save this place for a special occasion: anniversary, special birthday, to-impress date, Valentine's day...and go ALL out! Posh doesn't have a traditional menu; in fact, they don't have a menu at all. Come prepared with a desire for adventure and a unique experience. I ordered a 5-course dinner accompanied with wine, and that's what I recommend you do.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR EATING HERE:
1. Make a reservation
2. Come with a healthy appetite
3. Budget about $120 per person.
4. Take a look at their list of daily ingredients and cross off anything you know you won't like or have an allergy to.
5. Have an open mind, based on what you select (or cross out) the chief decides what to serve you (personally, this is part of the appeal. It gave me a chance to experience things that I might have otherwise not chosen.)
6. Savor every bite of cuisine and sip of wine.
A long long time ago I saw Chef Hebert featured on a local news show. His name caught my attention, as we (used to) share it, and the concept stuck with me. The thought of tiny pretty delicacies being presented to me by a pro without my input was very enticing. For at least a year I talked this place up to my then fiance. When we decided to post pone our honeymoon we decided that a no limits night at Posh would be a fun substitute. We were not wrong 
Even before we entered the restaurant service was wonderful. We were both unfamiliar with tasting menus, so I called and asked question about what would be best. The gentleman on the phone was incredibly helpful. We opted for the full tasting with wine parings, the early seating on a Friday night. 
We were the first ones in the place, which I loved. It was nice to see everyone setting up for the night, and watch as the tables filled. Our server was amazing. He took the time to explain every dish and every wine paring, as well as answer all of the questions we had. And his wine paring skills were definitely worth mentioning. My husband and I like wine, and we like food, and understand that the two can really compliment each other, but this guy showed us how intense their affect on one another can be. When he learned that we were newly weds he sent chef Hebert over, which was a nice treat. The chef was warm and friendly, and very talented. 
Everything was amazing. I had my first taste of froie gras, which I was nervous about, but really enjoyed. The spun sugar on top was a great touch, the sweetness was surprising. The kangaroo also stood out. It was so tender, really really great. My husband, who generally dislikes fish (even though he loves sushi, weirdo) and likes all of his proteins to be cooked to a crisp came out of his box for this experience and did not regret it for one second. He ate his kangaroo just the way the chef recommended it and loved every bite. From start to finish every bite was thoroughly enjoyed. This was a fabulous replacement honeymoon. We will be back!
I came here with a few friends for AZ restaurant week.  The place looked quite "posh" with the decor of a Hollywood night club.  We all ordered the 4 course meal (soup, fish, meat, and dessert).  The waitress gave us a list of items on a sheet of paper and told us to cross of things that we did not like.  In addition, we were given space to add additional feedback.  I crossed off things I knew that did not sound appetizing such as duck, barracuda, and sweetbread (cow testicles).  In addition, I mentioned that I wanted lean meats.  

The great part is that everything was a surprise. I ended up getting a tomato basil soup, halibut with spicy wild rice, kangaroo, and pecan pie.  I am going to Australia in a few months, and I got a flavor of kangaroo.  I have never tried a red meat since I don't eat beef.  I was kind of tepid on how it would taste, but it was flavorful and cooked medium well as I asked.  I was just hoping my stomach would not be jumping around like a kangaroo.

My only complaint is that they did not have some other meats such as chicken.  I know chicken is not an exotic or expensive meat, but it is always a good alternative in case people can not handle the exotic items.
My wife and I did the full tasting.  At the start we were a little worried because the dishes are small.  We got through the first few and had 5-10 minutes between each without any problem.  3 hours later we were begging for mercy as we were on our 15th course.  Everything was quite good, and we did not walk away hungry.  We sat at the counter and watched the food being prepared.  That was fun for a bit, but we were in front of the fish prep spot, so we saw the same dishes over and over.  The menu may be improvisational from night to night, but not from course to course.  If I had it to do over again, I think I would prefer a table for the comfort and intimacy.  My wife paired hers with the wine, and would not have been able to drive home.  She enjoyed all of them.  The chef took time to chat with most of the guests, and the atmosphere was very informal (not informal like jeans/t-shirt, just the mood).  We could ask the various chefs questions and that was unique.  Bill came to $400 without tip, so this isn't an everyday place.  We were celebrating a birthday, anniversary, and going away all at once, so it was worth it to us.
I really want to start this review with "I don't know where to begin". To make things easier on myself I will simply start at the beginning. I've been hearing about this place for months and am now wondering why I wasn't listening. 

We made reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night and my one complaint will come out now... when we arrived the hostess had us seated at a small table in the corner. Insert infamous line from Dirty Dancing here in case you can't guess how I felt about that. The place was busy, but not packed and I asked the hostess if we could wait for seats at the long counter that surrounds the kitchen. (You really want to sit at the counter BTW).  She seemed a little put off by this and tried to dissuade us from waiting. I am not really sure why, because it wasn't like they were anywhere near closing and they do have a small bar. Really, what is a restaurant bar for if not to wait for your seats? I was insistent, because that corner could have ruined my evening - yes I am serious. 

So, two drinks at the bar later - we were shown to our seats in the center of the counter and brought menus. I am sure it has been explained somewhere along the Yelp-highway, but you cross off your individual paper menu anything you don't care for or have an allergy to and the chef does the rest of the work. I often use the process of elimination when I am overwhelmed by a restaurant menu, so this was perfect for me. The list of options isn't huge, but I chose to take off steak and shrimp. I have had all manner of preparation for steak and shrimp and this was a great opportunity to try something really different. 

I also love that you get a space at the bottom to write what you don't like. Beets touching my food could have been a game changer. Also, I don't personally care for chocolate. Letting them know these little details aids in tailoring your dinner and in preventing any disappointing or personally off-putting items from showing up on your plate. 

At our waiter's advice (he was terrific by the way and I wish I'd gotten his name, tall, glasses...) we went with a 5 course service, which he suggested based on how hungry we were. The brilliant thing about doing this with someone else who also likes to try new food is the ability to share and get to try twice as many fun food options. I was pretty excited to see frogs legs come out. My family is from Kentucky and while you can take the girl out of the woods... The highlights of our meal were definitely the sweetbreads and the kangaroo. The latter being a new one for me. It was surprisingly lean and did not at all taste like chicken. The flavor was nice, light and clean. Desserts were a chocolate crepe for my friend and this lovely little coconut Crème brûlée for me. We were both pleased. 

I was happy to learn that Posh has joined a growing group of Scottsdale restaurants offering lower cost (but high value) late night menus including drink specials. I am looking forward to visiting for that soon. Overall the whole experience was just really fun and enjoyable and I am ready to go back as soon as I find someone else willing to try kangaroo.
Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.

It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.

We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.

What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  

I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  

It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.

Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...
I really really wanted to like this place.  The concept of improv cuisine was pretty cool, but not well executed.

The place was pretty packed when we arrived.  So packed that we were seated at least 30 min after our reservation.  We did, however, get free drinks to make up for it.  You can only choose how many tastings you wanted, so I went with 4.  The only standout was the wild boar bacon.  Some people at my table of 5 got the same item-as in, identical dish, for one or two courses.  There was also significant down time in between the courses.  The people who got wine pairings thought they were mostly OK.  The worst part is that we all were munching on tortilla chips after we got home, even the people who had more courses.  If it's going to be a +$50 multicourse meal, I better be full afterwards.

Some good things:
-Very accommodating menu.  You tell the kitchen what you don't want.  Friendly for picky eaters and probably vegetarians.
-Excellent service.  I would rate this place one star but felt the service added another star.

I still wouldn't go back.  They need to not have so much downtime in between courses and better food for their prices.
I wholeheartedly agree with the other Yelpers who have expressed their shock at the positive reviews that Posh has gotten.  While I can't say that anything I had was bad, it certainly wasn't outstanding, excellent, or even slightly worth the $250 that the experience cost my husband and I who are really very adventurous diners (please see my reviews of Razz and ShinBay if you doubt that statement). 

To begin with, the place was incredibly loud, actually to the point that we had to just about shout at each other to have any type of a conversation.  Once we crossed off the few items that we did not want included in our meal (this reverse sushi-style menu seemed bizarre at a place that bills itself as being improvisational and adventurous), it took a surprisingly long time for the kitchen to prepare the miniscule bites of food that we received with each of our 5+ courses.  We certainly weren't famished when we arrived, but were quite hungry by the time we left due to the lengthy duration of the meal and the time we'd been at the restaurant.  All totaled, the quantity of food that we each consumed would be about equivalent to what we would have had if we had each ordered a single maki roll at a sushi restaurant (I'm talking California or spicy tuna, not something fancy and fried here) and the meal cost over $250.  We left and went to another restaurant to actually eat dinner!!!  Despite the fact that it was such an expensive evening, at that point, it really was comical to think that anyone would actually return to such a place for another severely overpriced starvation meal.  I'm thinking this place may become the new dining hotspot with the supermodel "I only eat a piece of lettuce a day" crowd but they need not worry about trying to attract repeat business from those who are seeking a truly satisfying improvisational dining experience.
Posh is simply incredible.  Unique concept similar to chef's tasting without any knowledge of what you'll actually receive.  It's more a license for constant exploration of ingredients and influences, all in small portion giving anyone a wonderful variety of notions, textures, and flavors.

While it is a bit daunting compared to those more acquainted with traditional dining, it's well worth taking the plunge and embracing the experience.

Food quality is across the board extremely high, there are moderate exceptions in some courses however through the exceptional highs that are reached in some moments, it does not even seem worthy of consideration as a negative.  

I have personally dined here countless times and taken quite a number of people with me in tow.  From those that were very familiar with high end dining to those that really had not left the midwest, all seemed to agree it was amongst the best of their dining experiences.  

I recommend doing at least the 7 course selection as portions are small, plan on being there for at least a couple hours but not realizing it has been long at all.

I will continue to frequent this establishment.  The owner and staff are all delightful food passionate people, prepare to enjoy yourselves.
Am amazing dining experience! The dinner is centered around your food desires. The chef creates interesting dishes using a wide variety of ingredients. The waitress was very helpful with pairing wines. Overall this was a wonderful date night and I can't wait to go back again to try new dishes.
This restaurant is the BIGGEST JOKE ...... The portion sizes are extremely small and you will leave hungry. After spending $200.00 my husband and I had to go somewhere else to get something to eat. A gentlemen in the restroom even commented to my husband that he didn't get much to eat and was still hungry. Trust us, go somewhere else. Biggest disappointment of our dining experiences.
Posh. Wow Josh, you've got a gem here in Scottsdale. Talk about innovative and improvisational. 

On the slow nights, Josh (the owner) will be patrolling the dining room or tending the bar. It's nice to see the chef/owner making an appearance on the floor and interacting with the customers.

Here's the deal. As your server hands you a menu, you begin to check off general things such as temperature you'd like your meat cooked, allergies, and anything that you don't like. Then you choose how many courses you'd like, and the optional wine pairing. The rest is up to the kitchen. Whatever is in season, whatever sounds innovative, it's all up to the discretion of Josh and his staff as to what you will be eating that night.

One of the best things was when my fiancé and I went, we each got a different plate for each course. We had the 5 course meal, but tried each others so we ended up trying 10 different plates. How cool!

Sitting at the chef counter and watching the kitchen prepare your dish is one of our favorite things to do, which is why we elected to sit at the bar where we could watch our meal be created. It was also nice to run into local restaurateur/chef James Porter and his wife Wendy (Petite Maison, Big Earl's BBQ). 

The kitchen staff is keen on presentation and meticulously preparing each plate, and it stands out. The food was cooked perfectly, looked incredible, and tasted amazing. We got to try some interesting dishes, along with some staples. I had a soft shell crab with a chipotle aioli and butter lettuce that was to do die for.  The alligator was great. And I think the most intriguing dish we had was monkfish liver. It was savory, but not too fish-y. Loved it.

Thanks to Josh for sending a couple extra tastes to the bar. Taylor and I enjoyed every bite. It was nearly too much food for us!

Posh also has a great bar menu with twists on some classic cocktails along with an extensive wine list. Be sure to check out their Late Night specials that start at 10pm on Wednesdays, it's a less expensive way to experience Posh.

Not an everyday restaurant, but definitely worth the splurge every once in a while for a special occasion.
Really wanted this to be good.....very dissatisfied.  Fish was dry, food was, in general not to the caliber I would have wanted from what they are representing.  Service was fair.  Good idea but for us, a miss.
Great concept, interesting food, chef was not in on a Saturday night??? a few of the courses seemed to suffer from imagination(despite putting few limitations on my "menu"), i.e. had standard raw ahi tuna dish prepared like many other places. The kangaroo was quite good and the soups were very good. once in a while place to go with a small group.
Never in the history of gastronomy has there been a more clean-cut love-it-or-hate-it dining concept as POSH Improvisational Cuisine. I was literally dragged here by friends who had enough credit left on their cards and who wanted to show me how "out there" Scottsdale could be. 

POSH is different. Really different. You don't order. You check off a long list of things you like and don't and they concoct something on the fly for you. You'll never know what you are about to be served or what it will cost but you can assume it will be strange and so expensive that you will be able to watch your FICO score drop.

This is a place that is trying to be the snootiest restaurant ever while pretending to be a relaxed, friendly environment. I did see some normal people but I saw a lot of the types one sees in North Scottsdale and San Marcos, Ca. You know the type. Those out to impress - mostly themselves by being different. Really different. 

If art is what you like instead of food, this is the place to be. It is all about presentation and dulcet tones describing what has just been put in front of you. It really is a beautiful presentation, but I have no freakin' idea what it was even after asking for the explanation to be translated "into a language". Descriptions are a lot like a real estate brochure: "Spacious, upscale, beautiful, wonderful, elegant" without any hint of substance. It tasted like tuna that had been marinated in a puddle and hit with some soy sauce. The teepee of veggies that hovered above it was interesting. I didn't know whether to eat it or wrap a tortilla around it and re-enact the night before the battle at the Little Bighorn in miniature. 

I just don't get or like the concept so perhaps I am being unfair to this hole in the wall on Scottsdale Road in a building that looks like a bombed out munitions factory from Dresden, Germany, circa 1944. People live in that place? It reminded me of Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange". Yeah, big bucks to live above the store. I get it. It's Scottsdale and this is "trendy". Do a foreclosure and resale search of that zip code and you'll see that at least seventy percent of the building is up for sale, often with notations such as "Fully furnished" and "Motivated seller". I bet they're motivated. It all fits with the wannabe nature of POSH and the people it seeks to inculcate.  

POSH is a restaurant where only the truly adventurous need apply after checking their credit worthiness. It's a niche restaurant and I'm clearly (and happily) not in that niche. For a totally unique and almost otherworldly dining experience, this is the place. They have NO competition in this area. They are without peer when it comes to originality and invention on a scale beyond comprehension. This is the area where POSH shines. If AZ88 is your thing, this is AZ88 on a combo of crack and meth. I did not care for this place but I am sure the feeling is mutual. While I feel the food merits one star based on goofiness and price, I'm giving POSH two stars just for having the cojones to push out this concept on Scottsdale and not to crack a smile when delivering the check.
Amazing food, Brilliant concept ! You get a list of items and you pick which one you DON'T like/ want and they will improvise and cook for you according. It is such a fun way to explore and try things. 
It is not cheap... but is definitely an experience worth trying :)
It has been a while since I went but I still want to add my only bad comment, after our 6 course tasting menu and a foie gras add on (totally worth it !) the two guys at the table came out still hungry... When you pay this much you don't want that to happen. But again, it has been a while.
Go try it and let me know what you think !
Took my hunny here for his birthday today.....welll.............

So I had reservations at 6:15pm....the restaurant is somewhat hidden beneath a huge apartment structure so we drove around twice to find the parking structure...which had no visual signs. After parking we were trying to find an exit from the parking structure and when we finally surfaced the creepy underground parking lot, we had to go through a maze in the Arizona heat around the apartments for about 5 minutes before reaching the restaurant at the opposite end of the parking structure. I was in a black dress and heels and boy was I sweating. Once I got in there I light-heartedly said to the host "Omg why is it so hard to find this place...I've been walking in a maze! Then he laughing said well it's good that you're here now and we'll quickly get you some ice water to cool u down and sat us down at a nice table. 

So this was our first time here but I already kinda know how it works since I've been to other restaurants with tasting menus...but for this one they give you this orange sheet with the price listing for the number of courses you want and any thing you don't like you can cross out or write down. There is a minimum of 4 course for $50, 5 for $60, 6 for $70 and 7 for $80 and then there's the full tasting for $140 and a supplement of $15 if you want one of dish to be Foie Gras. 

So my bf and I decided on 7 course and supplement a dish for foie gras. I don't  like alcohol but they had an option on their drink menu for non-alcoholic cocktails...so basically they would mix any cocktails without the alcohol so I thought that was pretty cool.

I started with a salad and my bf started with a soup..then the other dishes came out in between 15-20 minute intervals. I did not like the way they made the foie gras...because it had a sugar caramelized coat and was a bit too burnt..which to me ruin the foie gras. So I DO NOT recommend the $15 foie gras supplement. I also did not like the creme brulee dessert...it was too wet and I was not fond of the taste either. Other then that the other dishes was okay...it wasn't really mind-blowing. 

The service wasn't spectacular....for the price I paid I expect beyond great service but eh our waiter was okay...he came with our dishes, explained it and then walked away...came back after we were done, took our plates and walked away again...it was a slow night too....there were only about 5 other couples there..and we each had our own servers so I think they could have done a better job.

The bill came out to be around $273....my bf didn't even have wine..just two Blue Moon beers. Overall I'm not too thrill about this place...it's only been opened for like 2 years and 8 months. I didn't mind spending the money but I do expect to get what I paid for...in this case I do not feel I have...sooo would I come here again? mmmmm maybe not.  

FYI: Yelp says it's dressy and Opentable.com says it's causal elegant....Honestly it doesn't freakin really matter...my bf and I dressed up really nice...only to find that some other people were in regular polo shirts, jeans, shorts and filp-flops!! this really irritates me....at least try not to wear flip-flops at such an expensive restaurant! -_-" And I find this the case in many of the fine dining restaurants I've been to..-_-""""
Great concept and outstanding food.  Our service was fabulous.  My water glass was always filled and our waitress Katrina was extremely helpful.  Diners should go in with an open mind.  Each course is a surprise so if you don't like surprises you will probably be stressed out during dinner.  My wife is a picky eater and not overly adventurous and she absolutely loved it.    Enjoy!!!
This isn't a review of one restaurant, but two.  It just so happens that they occupy the exact same space, employ the same people, and have the same name.

I'd initially been wary of Posh - "Improvisational Cuisine" conjured images of people slapping "mystery meat" onto plastic cafeteria trays.  But a positive review on "Check Please Arizona" changed my mind, and we went for Restaurant Week.  

Everything was top-notch, from service to wine selections to the food (although I was upset I only got to TRY the kangaroo, as it was quite tasty).  Given the food allergies/likes/dislikes within our group, it was nice to see that everyone was fully considered and accounted for.  Five stars all around!  Not a single thing we didn't like!  An amazing restaurant and concept!  Other cries of jubilation and deliciousness!  In short, we decided that Posh was great, but a "special event" kind of place, given the non-RW prices and the fact that none of us are millionaires (yet).

We came back for my birthday (the specialest of all occasions), and sadly, it wasn't the Posh we went to the first time.  On three separate dishes, requests weren't met (and two of them related to health/allergy requests), service was sloppy, and some of the food just wasn't that good.  My soft shell crab was a little bland, and the frog's legs I got for my entree weren't too impressive.  Also, one of the appetizers was a salad, with lettuce, cheese, haricot vert and salami.  That was it.  I'm sure that the ingredients were top-notch, but it seemed a bit sparse compared to some of the other offerings at our table.  It was like someone had asked us what we liked about the place last time and marked down most of our positives as "things to get rid of next time they're in."  Dessert was good, though.

As much as I'd like to give Posh a top rating, I cannot do so with any real confidence.  If I go back (and I'd like to go back), I'll have to tread carefully.  I don't know which of the two restaurants I'll be visiting.
AMAZING! That is all I can say. I am a total foodie and love trying new and different things. The hub took me here for my birthday, and it was YUM! We sat at the counter and the owner came over several times to see if we were enjoying our meal. Everything was perfect!
I won't be going back to Posh.  

Based on some of the recent reviews here (August-September 2011), I'm almost wondering if the restaurant has switched management or something?  I went there tonight with a friend for dinner, and had a mediocre-at-best experience -- and that's not taking into consideration the injury at the end of the meal!  

While some people seem to have amazing foodie experiences here, we definitely did not have the same luck.  We ordered the 5-course menu and said we were up for anything.  Everything was....eh.  Throughout the night we had some interesting dishes:  kangaroo, sweetbreads (organ meat), snail, mussels, sashimi, duck, etc.  However the flavors were just okay:  most were relatively bland, and a couple of the sauces/dressings were even borderline unpleasant for me.  In general the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and ditto for the service.  For what Posh charges, both should be exceptional.

The presentation is absolutely beautiful, and the ingredients are unique, but my conclusion is that this restaurant is more razzle dazzle than substance.  Because the quality of the dishes didn't live up to the hype or price, I felt like this was simply a novelty restaurant, hiding behind a gimmick rather than great food.

Note:  my review above is a fair conclusion based on the meal before dessert, and was not influenced by the story I'm about to share...

TIP/DANGER WATCHOUT:  we literally had an injury (seriously, involving bleeding from the mouth!) at our table at the end of the night!  Our server brought out the final cleanser, a popsicle-type sweet dessert.  It was frozen pretty hard, and as my friend went to taste it, it stuck to a large piece of her lip!!  It was horrific to watch as she tried to pull away but was stuck, just like the kid in the Christmas Story movie!  She finally got it off but was bleeding from where the popsicle stuck.  We immediately dropped the weapons/desserts and alerted our server, who laughed, briefly apologized and said they'd probably been "sitting out too long" and offered to make fresh ones but didn't offer anything else.  We talked with the manager (we also wanted to make sure, for safety reasons, that they properly disposed of my friend's bloody napkin) and he was horrified that the server didn't take care of us and he appropriately adjusted our bill and apologized about the incident as well as for our server not properly handling the situation.  We felt the manager made it right at the end of the meal, but it was a pretty sour way to conclude the evening.  Tip from me to you:  be careful with anything frozen here, and consider letting it thaw a bit before you taste.
me and the bf were totally stoked to finally try out Posh. We did have reservations and we only waited a few minutes after we arrived for our table. Atmosphere is very nice. Windows all the way around the restaurant and a very sleek and clean feel to the whole place. We didn't sit at the bar but we had a nice little cozy table to ourselves but still you can still see the kitchen from pretty much every area of the restaurant considering it's in the middle. 

The menu had everything from shrimp to NY strip to kangaroo. Nnooww I'm not totally into kangaroo but for those with adventurous taste buds will love the hell outta the menu checklist. So i removed everything i was not willing to try and any my meat temp preferences and then the kitchen will take it from there.

Everything we had was absolutely delicious!!! We had 8 plates in between the two of us and shared everything. We had everything from goat cheese salads to a fruit salad,,, shrimp and halibut appetizers. NY strip and a pork dish with delicious potatoes that resembled a pancake. Desserts were wonderful as well... 
 
I KNOW I'm horrible I cannot remember every dish and what is actually consisted of, but believe me when i say everything was terrific. So adventurous or not so adventurous I'm pretty sure it's safe to say you will still have a dinner that is made just for you that you will love. 

can't wait to go back!
Overpriced, Overhyped and underwhelmed! I was terribly disappointed with my experience. The food wasn't awful, but it was uninventive and one note.  I felt like they were trying too hard to be cute and trendy, rather than focusing the flavor and providing a balanced meal.  Also while I understand that a true improvisational cuisine is hard to accomplish with a restaurant that size,  it was pretty clear they had a set menu for the night and just rotated it between the tables. For example, I noted in my restrictions "Vegetarian, eat dairy LOVE cheese".  I was served no dairy what so ever.  By my third course I complained because so far my food had been mediocre, and round 3 tasted like a stew, everything was cooked in the same broth.  Not to mention I couldn't cut through the asparagus with my knife or my teeth! 

The server was great, when I complained she had them make me a new course, parmesan risotto. It was better, but not creative and definitely didn't have a "wow" factor.    She also brought us out a nice cheese plate on the house, which was by far the best part of the meal. Overall, I was very impressed with the service and completely underwhelmed by the food.    I have no problem paying $$$ for a stellar meal, but not for one that left me hungry and craving protein! We won't be back.
If you wake up one morning and ponder about where to go to get thymus gland, kangaroo, and/or quail then let me tell you my friend, Posh is your place!

I made reservations to sit at the counter and I would highly suggest doing the same. Interacting with the chefs and watching them cook and prepare each course is really neat and way better than any Iron Chef reality show. Service was fantastic, everyone was nice and my water glass was always full. We were given a starter consisting of a peanut sauce with ricotta cheese and a splash of coconut milk in a Japanese soup spoon. That was followed by Pumpkin soup that was good, but nothing off the charts. It reminded me of something I got from Trader Joe's. My date received raw ahi tuna with a pear gelatin that was delicious.  My next course was a full deep fried soft shell crab with mushrooms and noodles. HOLY CRAB, BATMAN....I have no words to describe the flavor party that occurred in mouth! I really wanted to take the crab out and take pictures with it, but I reminded myself that I am in a classy restaurant and that probably would have been frowned upon, but those would have been bomb-ass photos!

My date's next plate was sweetbread (yummy) that was served with a mustard sauce (that was okay) and cabbage. The next course was kangaroo with delicious sweet potato puree (no seriously, I wanted some more of that for my desert plate).  The kangaroos itself was fine, I'm not a big red meat eater and honestly couldn't tell the difference. My date said it taste "gamier" than beef (whatever that means). I specified that I didn't like raw meat so I'm wondering if maybe that would have made a difference. Anyhoo, my date received quail stuffed duck (or maybe it was the other way around, hmm) that had a lot of spiciness to it. In my opinion, too much spice as that was all my taste buds could focus on. For dessert I received  some sort of creme brulee gelatin type that was delicious while my date received chocolate mouse with a homemade chocolate graham cracker that was the best part of the plate. 
Our next treat was the plum/blueberry frozen lollipops that a previous Yelper had warned us all about and I'm not going to lie, I was a little hesitant to try it for fear my lip would be the next victim. However, I'm proud to report that they must have learned their lesson because my lips along with my date's lips are A-OK.  Along with the bill, the restaurant gave us 3 little cookies in a bag which helped soften the blow...clever Posh, clever! 

My date and I had a great experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for something new, but we are not sure if we would go back on a regular basis.
An adventurous joy. Posh was a sensory delight and left me wanting to return soon. 
I sat counter-top, and was able to watch the chefs prepare dishes throughout the evening. The wine list is adventurous and unique. The service polished and unobtrusive. The food was inventive and perfectly prepared. Everything about the evening was wonderful, from the moment we walked in the door to chatting with chef/owner Josh at the end of the meal. 
A perfect date night, or great place to take someone while looking to impress. I'll be back soon.
A truly amazing dining experience!  This was the most fun I have had at a restaurant in a long time because you truly didn't know what you were going to get...wine or food!  We told the chef a few things we didn't like and then they based what we would get off of that list.  We tried some very unique wines and food and truly enjoyed ourselves.  Where else can you get kangaroo for your main entree?  Totally amazing!  The service was impeccable...true professionals at what they do.  The decor was nice and lots of light due to the floor to ceiling windows.

You must check this place out!
I finally made it to Posh this past Thursday night for restaurant week. All I am doing right now is kicking myself for not coming here earlier. I really don't know what to add to a Posh review that has not been already stated. Definitely sit up at the counter and watch them cook. Such a better experience than sitting at the tables. 
Here are some of the items I had the pleasure of enjoying. 

Cantaloupe gelee 
Endive Salad 
Pumpkin Soup 
Foie Gras 
Shrimp with some type of tart that I couldn't tell what it was 
Duck Confit 
Kangaroo 
Chocolate Mouse 
Pistachio cheesecake (pretty sure non-bake) 

I will say this. This was my first time trying Foie Gras, and if I never had it again I would be OK with that. Everything else was perfect though, The concept, the vibe of Posh is amazing. Cheers to you Josh. I will be back!!!
My husband and I went to Posh last night for our anniversary. We both agree that it was the best meal we've ever eaten. I had Kangaroo as one of my meals which I can't believe but everything I had was just so delicious. We did the 4 courses which was plenty for us. We each ordered a drink. Our total was about $132 which is pricey but it was SO worth it. 

The concept is so much fun! I admit I was a little nervous going in but now I can't wait to go back. I plan to start making up "special occasions" so I have an excuse to return! You have no idea what you're going to eat when you go but you will not disappointed. Trust me. 

The atmosphere was another great part of our experience. There wasn't any music so it was quiet and we could hear each other to have a conversation. The service was outstanding- they're attentive but not constantly interrupting either. It's a nice place but some people were wearing jeans, others were dressed up... it's a great spot no matter the reason!

I highly recommend Post Improvisational Cuisine in Scottsdale.
I find my reaction to Posh similar to Will Ferrell's reaction to Jersey Boys in the criminally overlooked 2010 feature film "The Other Guys". It's not great, it's FANTASTIC. You guys totally undersold it! Wow, what a restaurant.

Actually, the basis for that comparison stems from feeling the need to assuage the fear that "I'll pay so much money and won't get enough food". I just bought tickets to see Jersey Boys in Vegas. You know how much the tickets cost? $76/each. More than a 5 courser at Posh PLUS a couple glasses of wine. Jersey boys was about two and a half hours. Five courses at Posh, if you're really enjoying yourself and your company, can easily take that long. The difference is that Jersey Boys does not feed you (well, it does, but in a different way). Point being, going to Posh isn't a meal, going to Posh is an experience. And, in my opinion, it's worth every penny.

I've been several times, including taking my Mom when she was in town from Cleveland, Ohio. Needless to say, she freaking loved it. Not that she's an inexperienced diner. She's from New York and considers Mario Batali a God among men, but according to her, dining at Posh was like being a judge on Top Chef. She didn't specify which judge but I'm going to go ahead and veto Padma because she is just unbearable. But I digress.

I've been exposed to foods at Posh that I wouldn't have had anywhere else. I don't want to screw up the proper dish descriptions so don't take this too literally but I've had chilled cucumber soup with a lime-chili oil, ahi tuna sashimi with wasabi and soy pearls, mother effin sweet breads (which everyone told me I should mark off but I didn't because I've never had them, and even though I might not necessarily ORDER them, I'm glad I tried them), and of course the creme brulee torched-style foie gras which is quite simply the most decadent thing I've ever eaten. And I've had bacon flavored ice cream. Again, I'm sure I'm butchering these courses but it's from my hazy wine memory and just trust me, they were all good.

While I think you would be fine with five courses (it's my typical order..since the first is always a soup or salad and the last is a dessert), more courses is always better. I mean, you're already there. Might as well give them as many opportunities as possible to blow your mind. Trust me, they will.

If you haven't gone, you should go. You won't regret it. Same goes for Jersey Boys, but that's a different review.
Loved it!
Was so excited before each course came out... WHAT WILL IT BE?!?!?!

I feel like non-adventurous eaters won't get there money's worth out of this place though... I mean really.  The fun of it is paying $$$ and maybe getting to eat kangaroo!  Or sweetbreads!  I LOVED IT~!
Oh my Posh!

The service here was really great, so that's always a good start. I enjoyed our food although both of our seafood dishes were slightly overcooked, and my fish was overseasoned. The sweetbreads and kangaroo were both very well cooked and flavored. The presentation was clean. 

I'd say the name is a little bit misleading as it's not really "improvisiational." To me, improv is just executing without prior thought. Based on what we ate, and what we observed being delivered to other guests, you can tell they had set dishes. 

I really enjoyed my dessert which was a piped pistachio cheesecake with puff pastry. 

I'd probably go back again for Restaurant Week since it's cheaper, but not sure if I'd go any other time.  It was real, it was fun, but it wasn't real fun.
If you enjoy trying foods you never have nor probably never will try again....this is your place!

I have been here twice and both times, I was awed. This is definitely a great chance to broaden your culinary horizons. The attention to detail is amazing with the dishes. Each ingredient complements the next so well. Amazing to say considering every dish is so far out there and made impromptu. 

Extremely friendly waiter who was very accommodating and very knowledgeable about the dishes (you'll need someone to explain to you exactly what you're looking at on your plate).

Some of the items I've had: fried frog legs, quail stuffed with chorrizo sausage, cinnamon caviar (I hate caviar and I thought this was delicious!)  and turtle stew to name a few. I recommend getting the 7 course meal as anything less hardly puts a dent in your appetite. Be prepared to spend some bucks and a helpful tip is to probably not go in there with a completely empty stomach because it's not the place you go to gorge.
I can't believe I haven't been here before! What a cool place, as everyone else has said, you basically cross off what you don't like and they make everyone at the table a different meal for each course. It was an excellent meal, and everyone had a great time! I would probably give it a 5 star rating, but I really didn't like the kangaroo I had for my main course.  I've had other gamey meat like ostrich, bison, etc.. but it was never tough, this was really tough meat. Started with the Cucumber Mint Refresher which was excellent!
Rather pricey.  They would do better if their food wasn't just bland.  Oh well, it was just ok.
Most creative and palate provoking restaurant we've been to in a long, long time. Fabulous!!
My fiancé and I saw this restaurant on TV and knew we had to visit while in Arizona! The food was truly remarkable!  We Loved the adventure of not knowing what was to come out next and got to try a few different items we normally would never order, like sweet breads and boar bacon!

Our server was Tim. He was very easy going, made small talk, had great customer service, and even took a photo with us as we left. Upon reflection we should have grab a photo of the chef as well, but it looked like he was pretty busy.

The ambiance was very chill. You have the option to either eat at a table or at the counter where you can watch them prepare your meal in front of you.

If you're planning on getting the wine pairing, I'd suggest getting the 5 or 6 course meal. The portions aren't nearly as small as other folk say they are and with the wine, you can get pretty full.  If you're not going with the wine pairings, opt for the 7 course or greater options. You'll have plenty of food!

All in all, we both agreed that we would come back!
Took my girlfriend on a date here Saturday evening and was very impressed by the results! As most reviewers have mentioned, you select the items on your list that you do not want and they improvise a meal for you based on that. The reviews about the price are very realistic as well: not cheap. Five courses between her and I, wine, and the tip totaled well over $200. However, I understand that a majority of the fee goes for the experience; besides, the food was great! The waiting staff was very knowledgeable about every dish they brought out and were very friendly and attentive to our needs. Someday when my bank account recovers I will hopefully get to come back here again! =)


Keep singing,

-Jerron
L loves this place, because it was one our places that we discovered together.  I remember her thinking the young waiter was cute, but not in a sexual way, because he looked so young. The place has great decor, and experimental food. A tad to trendy for scottsdale, even though scottsdale has wealthy people. L repeated with her sons on her own. So, if she takes her sons there on her own, it gets her stamp of approval.
Having eaten at some amazing restaurants in the valley and around the world we were excited to try the 7 course tasting menu at posh... However, everything from
 Service to food to drinks to pricing was a huge disappointment. Spending over $100 pp without drinks we expected to be wowed. Sadly we left hungry and irritated. Of all the nicer restaurants we dined In around Phoenix I.e. Mastros, sassi, roka, nobuo, ocean prime, etc.. This was by far the worst. Each Of the 7 portions came as a tiny bite leaving us underwhelmed and hungry. Food took Forever to come as did drinks. The servers were many but irritable and not very effective.. Overall of the 7 courses  not One left us satiated and pleasantly surprised. After a $300 meal we went out to eat and I was so annoyed I wanted to call the  owner and complain. Overrated, overpriced and completely Not worth it!!! Ps we do appreciate smaller, mOre meaningful entrees but a single scallop and a small forfull of fish should be considered a course when there is no main course.. The shrimp course consisted of 2 tiny shrimp In some purée and he server had no clue where they came from Or if they were wild or farm raised. Embarrassing !!
Fun, Fun, Fun! Underneath the Optima at Camelback. Hidden treasure serving unpredictably delicious and unique cuisine. Wine pair your food for a delicious boost of taste all while passing your dish to friends as you explore the combinations of spices and tastes. Dress to impress YOU because you are worth it and so is this meal!
We heard about this place during the 2010 AZ Resturant week. We wanted to go but didn't make it. Fast Forward to 2011 AZ Resturant week....we made it! after a year of thinking about this place and finally making it, we LOVED the experience. 
The food was amazing (minus Frois Gross which is just not for me). We will be back and are just waiting for the right time. It is a little pricey but the food, experience and service is worth it.
This restaurant came highly recommended as an adventurous experience. But in the end, I just felt like Posh was trying very hard to be clever without being innovative. 

First off, let me just say that the service was excellent and spot on. Our waitress knew just the right time to stop by our table and we felt very well taken care of.

The restaurant has a certain rotating menu already set and then tries to make it seem like it's made especially for you. They do try somewhat to fit into your likes/dislikes and dietary restrictions. They used a number of unusual game -- wild boar bacon, sweetbread, quail, frog legs -- but it seemed they used the novelty of the food rather than focusing on the prep of it. I mean, I've had all of those items (except the wild boar bacon). Give me something special. Well, they just didn't deliver. Don't get me wrong. The food was very good but it didn't blow me away in any respect.
One of my favorite places to go when I need something different. Being able to tell them what I don't want/can't have (such as gluten and soy), and then being surprised by really great dishes with foods paired in different and exciting ways is fantastic. There are not a lot of places you can try new things, like kangaroo, knowing that even if you don't really like it, it's still going to be palatable and beautifully prepared. The service has always been exceptional. The staff is very well trained and helpful. I will say that during busy nights you need to expect dinner to be a little drawn out and slowed down (more than it already is). Six courses without wine took close to 3 hours on a Saturday night. It also can be very noisy due to the shape of the building and the finishing materials used in construction.
A may zing!
Wow.  If you like surprises and great food this is it.
The waitress, Katerina, was also terrific.  She had an incredible ability to describe every detail of every wine and food dish.
Go early and take advantage of the early bird pricing.
Went here with a girlfriend and had to take my husband!! He went and loved it so going again tonight!! Sit at the counter and do the wine pairing!! So fun!!!!
We eat here often, and have never been disappointed. The owner is very "hands on", and really knows his stuff. The food is always fresh and very good. It is an attractive dining area with lots of space. A great choice for a consistently wonderful experience.
The concept here is quite fun.  It's especially enjoyable to go with a group so you are able to try even more dishes.  However, the quality of the food was just okay.  My husband's kangaroo was pretty chewy and my short ribs were kind of tough.  I think they focus a bit too much on the novelty rather than the flavors.  The experience was Binkley's-esque but nowhere near the quality and ingenuity of Binkley's.  They have happy hour prices and I would recommend going during that time.  I think it was a bit spendy for what it was.
I was so excited to go try Posh for the first time. It is a unique experience and a must for the adventurous type. I am a vegetarian and was pleased with what the chef pulled off for me.   The wine pairings were the perfect complement to my meal.  The ambiance was nice and the concept is great. I felt like it was a little overpriced, but I guess you are paying for the trendiness of eating there. It was worth the experience in the end but there are other restaurants I would rather go to for fine dining.
Very disappointing. The pace of service was very uneven - long wait between several courses, though it was not a busy evening. Flavor combinations were not terribly unique. Had the full tasting menu, and the bright spot was the salad course. Lack of progressive techniques, and some major missteps. Why on earth would you brûlée foie gras?! The bitterness imparted ruined a beautiful ingredient.  The chefs didn't understand forbidden rice (which was undercooked) and paired it with a shrimp so over cooked it was difficult to cut with a knife. Deserts were underwhelming. Here's a tip - making everything a tiny portion does NOT make it haute cuisine.
our second stop for az restaurant week 2012. because it's listed with many, many dollar signs, i just pass this place up. but with restaurant week prices and the reputation that Posh has, we couldn't not finally try.

everyone knows where it is, so i'll spare the lush garden surrounding description. the layout is sleek but very loud. almost like a bar loud....not music, but the conversation decibel level is very high. i found myself more yelling at our dinner companions than talking. 

we sat at the counter watching all the happenings going on. it was neat to see all the equipment and hub-bub of the chefs. our server was extremely helpful and down-to-earth...i expected huffy and aloof...she was neither. i did think it was funny to have my water described as "still".

i am skinny but i eat like an obese person. this is NOT the place to go for a filling meal. and i am not the gastonomic extraordinaire i thought i was. i could not appreciate any of the dishes that came to me when i'm left hungry at the end of the night. none of my plates were warm food(maybe that was the intent). the artichoke dish had barely an edible portion of artichoke (it was tough and stringy), and my tuna dish was overcooked. and i don't understand how places expound on the slivers of sauce on a plate when you can't get but a smidgen on the utensil to even taste.

my wife liked her meal, our guests left alot of their meals on their plates. when we got home, i ate a big bowl of cereal because i was so hungry. 

yes, it's just me. this place has many, many excellent reviews for perhaps palates and wallets that are way more refined than mine. i tried it, wasn't impressed, now i move on.
When restaurant week rolls around it's a great time to try a place you might avoid based on cost alone. I present...Posh. 
Cuisine based on what the chefs feel like creating within the exceptions you indicate beforehand. So if you don't eat meat or have food allergies, you let them know ahead of time.
I have to say that I really appreciated the service above all. My water was repeatedly filled, our server had a wonderful attitude and smile, and the way the servers sweep in with each diners meal is rather elegant. Each course is explained to you upon service and when two of out dinner companions thought their appetizer soup was too rich to begin the meal with, they were offered salads instead without the slightest problem. 
I think I had a slightly different experience from my husband. I actually left feeling rather full, although I can see how he felt short-changed. Compared to mine, his portions seemed quite small, and mine arrived hot and ready to eat. I really thought everything was cooked lovely and I delighted in the surprise of it all. 
That being said, yes, I too will comment on the noise level. People, it was loud. Maybe I'm getting old, but expectation is partly to blame. When I think of going out to dinner I expect a certain noise level. When I'm going out to a bar, I expect another noise level. Here? I had to speak rather loudly to my dinner companions and I think I missed about 25% of their actual conversation. 
Now, $40 pp for restaurant week? Acceptable. $$$$ as is listed on their review page? No thank you. If I'm going to shell out that much dough, the palate and belly must be satisfied.
I also checked this out as someone who would normally not be able to afford this place. I cook for a living so I thought the concept was pretty damn cool and wanted to see it executed since I couldn't quite wrap my head around how do you serve a whole restaurant while making up the menu as you go. I was there later on a Tuesday evening and the place was about half full so I didnt experience the noise problem some have complained about. I reserved "chef" seating so I could watch them work and shoot the sh*t with what ever cook was stationed in front of me. First to explain the concept. From what I can gather the Chef takes the card you fill out and decides what will work for what he has already pre-planned out. Basically there is a menu you just dont get to see it. Everything is set up just like any place Ive ever worked. each station is setup to make about 4-5 dishes. the components of each dish are pre-determined as well. if you have a allergy or dont like something its either taken out of the dish and somthing else may or may not be substituted. Every restaurant does this but the customer gets to decide before hand if they do or dont want that dish to begin with. Next, the food. We had 6 courses with out wine pairing. we drank their craft n/a beverages which were quite good actually. anyways, the first course started off great. I was very impressed with my poached tomato somthin or other. I thought this is going to be a good meal. then came the soft shell crab. good but not amazing, the sauce was the best part. Then came a anduille stuff squid, was actually rather bland. nothing popped for me with that one. Then a north African spiced Lamb. Which was good but I have made the exact same thing in culinary school and wouldnt be suprised if the chef pulled the recipe right out of my old "international cuisine" book. The difference was he used a type of ground lamb patty which had the gamey flavor that some either love or hate about lamb but not the right texture for me. Then came a duck leg dish. It was plain and simple bad. It was just like eating dark meat chicken. The broiler cook obviously had some duck he had been sandbagging all night either in the oven or sitting out because it was super dry. It sucked lets just leave it at that. Then dessert, what the hell it was I dont know but it was fantastic. started strong and ended well but that duck really kinda pissed me off to be honest. In the end the tab was $170 before tip. For the meal I had even at a discount was way too F'n much. I wouldnt go back just based on the price. If I could afford it I would give them another shot cause everyone deserves a second chance right?
Very different and fun dining experience! I was THRILLED to see Posh was participating in restaurant week because I've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but it is just out of my price range. $40 restaurant week menu and off I went!

Our servers were very knowledgeable and thoroughly explained the concept of the restaurant, the menu, how to order, etc. Every dish that came out was beautiful, unique and delicious. It was fun to be surprised as well!  I don't even remember all we had but there was squid, soft shell crab, scallops, albacore tuna, ginger soup, escargot, kangaroo(!)...all delicious and masterfully executed.

The restaurant itself is beautiful as well. Low light, candles. Very nice for special occasions as well as date nights.

I very much enjoyed myself. The price point will keep me from being a regular here but I'm hoping Posh will be participating in RW in September!
Food is tasty and the anticipation of what the next course will be makes for an interesting evening.  A 5 course meal is the minimum, first course appetizer last course dessert. Not a place to go if you have a hearty appetite you may be satisfied but you'll be hungry in an hour,  Restaurant week was a good time to try it out  but we won't be going back anytime soon.
It was fun, but every plate was very very bland.  I was visiting for a week and decided to try this place based on the reviews.  Absolutely not worth the price.  The Foie Gras was the only thing worth anything in the place.
It is definitely a unique restaurant with an interesting concept in dining. You start out by selecting the number of courses your dining experiencel will be and by crossing out ingredients you don't want  included in your dish. The chefs create your dishes to their liking and every person gets a different creation that is explained by your server.

While some of the dishes were very tasty others were not  for such a pricey place. (I even sent one back as it was not good at all).  They let you know the portion size is appetizer size but it is more a one bite size (at least my husband's and mine, our daughter's portions were a bit larger I guess because it was her birthday, and she did like every one of her dishes). The desserts were delicious and you could actually share them since the portions were the perfect size. 

Overall I enjoyed the experience, my husband left starving and our daughter got her wish of dining at Posh. Will I go back again soon......defenitely not.
Great place for date night and if you love trying new foods.  We choose how many courses we wanted and we started out with 5 but changed to 6 as the portions were very small. Prices are $50 for the 5 course, $60 for the 6 course and up. If you would like a wine pairing it starts at $45 and goes up with each course added. You are given a list of meats and sea foods and asked to cross out the ones you do not like and the chef decides your menu from there. Every course was excellent and the wine selection was nice. We were in on a Tuesday evening at 6 pm and as the restaurant got busier with a larger party or food started to come out slower and slower and there wasn't anyone to refill our wine when our glasses were empty. Our bill for2 people was $250 with out tip. Foods wonderful and great concept but they could hire a few more people to keep up with the service. When I pay $250 for a meal I expect  prompt, excellent service .
We (PRSA, IABC and AMA) held our 2012 Valley Communicators Night event at POSH. We had one of the best experiences for the event all thanks to Chef Josh and his staff. They were the nicest and easiest to work with. I also love the space and can't wait to go back.

Chef Josh provided our event with three different small plates and wine pairings. We even had a last minute vegetarian request and he had something for that person as well. I'm usually not the one to go out of my box when it comes to foods, but everything looked sooooo delicious that I tried them all, and LOVED them all. Chef Josh created a Mock Porchetta, Lamb Tongue/Mustard & Terrine with Lentils, & an Albacore Tuna Niscoise Salad on top of a toasted potato. 

I would recommend POSH to anyone who wants a nice romantic dinner, to take a client out to impress or the in-laws when they are in town. I have also learned that Chef Josh puts on special dinners so check their Facebook page for those as that's where I found them! Definitely a favorite in the Valley for me now!
if you are in Scottsdale & you dont have dinner at Posh you are missing out! Very creative chef's design your meal right in front of your eyes ( if you sit at the bar ). very memorable dinning experience, the owner JOSH HERBERT had a long talk with us & made us feel very welcome and at home. he explained how the menu works and what we should try! everything was beyond great, small portions but you try ALOT so you get full from a variety of creations verses eating alot of one thing. very romantic & great for celebratory dinners.
I came here based on a suggestion by a waiter from another restaurant.  The food here was so good that after two weeks I'm still dreaming about it.  I felt like I was a judge on Top Chef or Iron Chef.  Everything that they served me was amazing- my favorites were the foie gras and the wild boar bacon.  I do wonder if all the meals are really just a fixed menu based on your selections when you sit down (meat, temperature of meat and fish), but honestly- when the food is this good, who cares! Just eat it, relax and enjoy the experience.    

I am now on a mission to find glacier lettuce and try to recreate the salad they served.  It was so good!
Great and definately a unique tasting experience.  To start my date and I did wander around at the beginning questioning whether it was a seat yourself type affair but were promptly and cordially greeted by staff who soon turned to our server.  He explained the concept of the food and tastings.  We soon found ourselves indecisive of what to choose but ended up taking the food and drink pairing substituting some of the items for savory foie gras and seafood.  The courses were art on plates and a firework of flavor in your mouth.  We were thrilled to catch it when they were open and actually came across it by chance.  The restaurant is a bit of a curiosity while driving but word of mouth is primarily how we heard of it.    I'll be a return for a special occasion to wow some guests or family members.  A majority may find that the pricing is a bit high and afterwards though the tasting was amazing I actually had to eat somemore afterwards.  It is a tasting but the stimulation on my appetite was so intense that the satiation factor had to be quelled with another meal.
Posh is a chic, modern restaurant with a fun concept and nice service. 

My husband and I made a reservation for our 9th anniversary. The hostess welcomed us when she pulled up our reservation she wished us a happy anniversary, as did our server when she came to the table. We sat at a cozy 2 top at the far end of the (relatively small) dining room, just beside the end of the bartop. 

They offered some complimentary sparkling wine (cava) because it was our anniversary, it was nice to start off with a toast! 

Posh's concept is all-tasting menu, all the time and you do not know what you'll be getting, it is the Chef's choice. I LOVE TASTING MENUS! Absolutely my favorite thing - I could eat little food forever and be completely happy as I prefer lots of small bites of different interesting things over a gigantic steak/starch/vegetable plate. So, this restaurant is really made for me. In lieu of a menu, you get a sheet where you cross off any proteins you aren't interested in and let the Chef know about likes/dislikes. 

We started off with an amuse bouche of a sorbet with basil. It was crisp and refreshing.

My first course was a play on a caprese - tomato sorbet, tomato "pate", basil leaves, a balsamic reduction, and a few shavings of cheese... this dish was okay. The presentation was beautiful and the elements tasted good, but there was way more tomato with just a few scraps of cheese and then these huge basil leaves. 

That said, my husband's dish, which was a seafood soup, was AMAZING! It strongly reminded us of a delicious "she-crab" soup that we had had at an upscale "low country" restaurant in Vegas (now closed, sadly) 

My second course was Littleneck clams with a shiso broth, eggplant, and shishito pepper. My husband had shrimp that were delicious as well. 

The next course was softshell crab - it was pretty simply presented (I honestly can't even remember what came with it) The legs were the best part as they were crispy! It was a bit funny because the server described the crab by saying that "HE is served with"... made me a little sad to eat the little guy :) 

I had braised pork cheek for the next course, which was hands down my favorite course of the meal - super savory and flavorful. My husband had fried sweetbreads, which he said were a bit overdone - he didn't get much flavor other than "fried". 

We had a fish course, which was okay - he had seared ahi tuna, I had a flaky white fish (cannot remember the name!!) 

Our meat course was interesting - hubby had the kangaroo prepared with ginger sauce - it was definitely a tougher meat, which is to be expected considering the animal. The flavor was sweet and very unique. It reminded me of elk or venison. I had the New York Strip served with a risotto. The steak was tasty but a VERY small portion 2 slices of 2" x 1/2" x 1/4" (remember, I like small portions! This was just a bit too small -when you are serving wagyu or kobe beef that are very rich with fat, it makes sense to serve a tiny portion, but with regular beef, there's not a good reason to be so skimpy!) 

The desserts were just okay - a dulce de leche flan and a white chocolate mousse with a raspberry gelee. They tasted well enough, but they weren't really up my ally texturally - both were very mushy and neither had anything crunchy/crispy/cookie-y with them. 

I ordered a mocktail at the start of the meal - a fruity pomegranate soda. It was good - very sweet, but good. However, one of my first dishes included a garlic chip, which the server had described as a sunchoke chip. I took a large bite of it, and while I don't mind garlic, it meant that I was tasting garlic for the entire rest of the meal! I had a hard time drinking the very sweet soda as it didn't combine well with the garlic flavor. Also, a warning - three of our dishes included garlic chips of some sort. 

Now, this last bit will sound nitpicky and weird, but it totally impacted my experience: the silverware is really BIG! This made it difficult to compose dainty bites with various elements from the dishes, and was especially weird considering how petite the food is in general. 

So, all that said, I did really enjoy our meal! It is a lovely restaurant and the service was great! The food was pretty good and the surprise of each course made it lots of fun. We've had tasting menus in many upscale restaurants and I feel like Posh's pricing makes it a value - a similar length menu at one of the nice restaurants in Vegas would run $100 or more.
Sarah A and I came here during restaurant week and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  We both got different dishes for each course which was nice because we could sample each others.  I even got a succulent salad which was crunchy and refreshing.  I'll be back with Alex C.
We just went there again. Still love the concept ! good food. Good service. But the food was just good, nothing more, nothing less. 
The two of us had a five course menu, upgraded to foie gras . Non of the dishes wowed us, most were good. 
Definitely something to try !
Bison bacon, Japanese octopus, duck, sirloin in truffle oil.... I had all of these things and many more during my first meal at Posh.  WOW!!   I love trying new things, and this definitely hit the mark!  I truly enjoyed myself at Posh.  It's not just a meal, it's an experience.  This restaurant has such a unique concept and they deliver with an amazing quality of food.  We did the 5 course meal.  This is the smallest option, and it's pricey, but the portions are all appropriate so we walked out fully satisfied but not over stuffed.   

We sat at the bar, which surrounds the open kitchen.  You get to see the chef's at work, which is pretty cool.   For the foodies out there, this is a true delight!   It's interactive, the staff were all very attentive, friendly and helpful.  One of the chefs even noticed my friend hadn't eaten part of his dish and offered to replace it with something else if he didn't like it. 

To give you an idea what to expect - you will get to choose how many courses you want and if you want wine pairings with your meals.  Then you get a list of their proteins, which are all pretty unique!  You can cross off anything you are not willing to try.  I crossed off frog legs and escargot, but everything else was fair game.   Some things on the list...octopus, fluke, bison, sirloin, crab, etc.  You pick how you typically like your meat prepared and then can leave some special instructions - no mushrooms, light sugar, etc.  Otherwise, that's it - from there it is the Chef's Choice on what they will make for you. 

I can't even pretend to tell you all of the food that we had, because I have no idea, but I'll give you a little overview.  The first course was an amuse bouche of shaved radishes, cheese and a little sauce.  I don't even like radishes, but man this was delish!   The next dish was a soup course.  OMG, heaven in my mouth!  After all, it did have bacon in it. mmm!!   Following the heavenly soup, I had Japanese octopus.  I was a little nervous, but it was so good! Then, I had a sirloin dish with truffle oil....ahhhh!!!   Next came the duck. Everything was so beautifully prepared  too, you almost didn't want to eat it - it looked so perfect.  Then on to dessert - strawberries and an orange sorbet of some sort.  Perfect! Even got a little to go package with another little dessert.   

Another cool thing was that none of the meals my date and I had were the same.   So I got to try all of his food too.   He had the bison bacon - wow! yes, please!   He also had scallops, which were cooked perfectly.  I can't remember everything else, but there was a tapioca spinach, cilantro jelly and his dessert was a sinfully delectable chocolate dish.

This place is great for a special occasion, a romantic date night, a nice work dinner, a girls night out, birthday party....or just dinner on a Tuesday night, which was our occasion!  It's a bit pricey, but in my opinion it was totally worth it!   

Enjoy!
Amazing experience!  Highly recommend to all foodies!!
This was one of the most amazing dining experiences that we've had.  
When we walked in to a basically empty restaurant we were a bit concerned, turned out we were just at the front of the crowd that would soon fill every table.
The interesting way of choosing, or not choosing, proteins for the meal guaranteed that we'd each have unique tasting menus.
Wish we could have sat at the chef's counter but the stools would not have been comfortable after a martini and 6 glasses of wine
The chef recalled that it was the wife's birthday and personally wished her a happy birthday as we were leaving.Waitress was VERY attentive but not overly.  Only mistep was our salad and wine pairing didn't quite work.
We will go be going back.
So much fun. You never know what the waiter will bring out next and I didn't get a dish I didn't like. 

If you're going to do it though, I'd suggest just going all out with the never ending option. Get a bottle of wine, plan to spend a few hours and make a night of it. Otherwise, you'll go home light in the wallet AND a little light in the stomach.
This place has a cool vibe and an interesting concept. However, only plan on going here if you plan on having 2+ hours for dinner (had to wait an additional 30 minutes despite reservation) and don't go while you are super hungry (waiters were quite slow). The food is just mediocre for the price. . .and 2 out of 6 of our courses were quite bland. The dessert tasted like it was a store-bought sponge cake drizzled with some pineapples. I'm not interested in returning anytime soon.
This place thinks an awful lot of itself. The parking stinks, the service is pompous, the ambiance is not reflective of a $200 dinner and the food is really marginal.

If you have a Groupon, do yourself a favor and don't mention it until the end of the meal. I get the feeling that Grouponers are a nuisance and the red-headed stepchild of full-price paying patrons.  

The Groupon is for a "full tasting", but as we observed others' dishes, the two of us were basically served half servings, equalling a single meal between the two of us.  

Here's another observation. They serve you what "they" want.  You're given a list of eligible items and are asked to cross off what you have no interest in.  You should make sure that the only items not crossed off are the ones you want to be served, because you may leave the Veal and Prime Strip on your list, but they don't bring you that...instead you get a tiny piece of squid or chicken.

BTW, the valet closes at 9:00.  Our 3 hour crap dinner ended at 10:30 and we were stranded, and had to hunt down our keys by calling the valet company who referred us to another restaurant - which was closed - to retrieve our keys.  

Unequivocally one of the worst dining experiences ever.
Posh is a dining event.  Instead of ordering off of a menu, you select the number of courses and note any food that you do not like.  Wine pairings are available.  At this point, I just leave everything up to the chef.  My wife is vegetarian, and Posh seems able to adapt to any dining proclivities.  It is hard to remember the dishes as they are all one of a kind.  My wife and I have been twice.  We had a great experience the first time.  I ordered the six course meal and my wife had five courses.  It was by far and away the most expensive meal I have ever paid for.  The tip alone was more expensive then most meals at other restaurants.  The second time we used a Groupon and received ten courses, although I lost count early on.  It was a long meal.  Both times I had raw fish.  I also remember having sea urchin, and my favorite, the ox tail, on our first visit.  Nothing stands out from our second visit.
01/05/11

2.25 stars.

Took my cousin for a five-course meal, and I unfortunately must write that I was NOT very impressed.  Yes, I have food allergies, and yes, maybe I should've just thrown caution to the wind that evening*, considering that I was going to spend $60 per person, plus a glass of wine for me, and a 20% tip, but after all the hype, I expected more flavors, more ambience... just something more than the experience I ended up with.  After speaking with our server and asking him if they served grass-fed meats or animals fed an all-natural diet, not commercial grain feed, it was at the kitchen's discretion to stick to serve seafood for me.  I wish I was told what my options were, instead of just the chefs' decision not to serve me red meat at all, or we might've gone elsewhere.  We may have just decided to stay there, who knows?  It would've been very CONSIDERATE of the chefs to have let me make that $150 decision.  I have no complaints about the dishes my cousin received-- they were delicious and nicely-presented, and she enjoyed each and every one, but to pay $60 for five uninspired courses, starting with the salad, to the same type of fish for every course, but with different vegetables, and then just undressed berries for dessert, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g#Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g it was a very disappointing meal for me, which is why I haven't had the inspiration to write about the entire experience till now.  (Probably one of the best decisions I've ever made, for I surely would've ranted a year ago...)

When I pass this establishment every time I go to Camelview, I can only shake my head... :(

Amuse bouche http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg#bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg
Cousin's salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A#BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A
My salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw#znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw
One of cousin's dishes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ#Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ
Fish course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA#keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA
We each got one of these http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw#5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw
Frog legs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw#MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw
Another fish course.  Guess whose? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ#sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ
Novel meat course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw#gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw
Cousin's dessert http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA#kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA

She even got a frozen pop chaser!  Well, at least she had a terrific time!  :)
Wonderful! Sat at the bar to watch the cooking in action. The chef was pleasant and even let us taste the food he was prepping for later that week.
My wife and I recently went to Posh and had the full tasting.  We had reservations and were seated as soon as we arrived.  Our waiter was helpful explaining the menu and the "improvisational" concept.  

The courses were small, but when you're getting 10-12 "tastes" the portions were just right.  Overall the food was OK, but not what I would consider spectacular.  The experience was unique for sure, but the cost of the meal (~$500 w/tip and one wine pairing for my wife) was expensive.

The service could have been better for such a high end restaurant.  We were served by a number of different people throughout the meal so it was hard to tell who was in charge of our service.  We also did not receive new silverware with each course, which was not a big issue, but it would have been nice not having to lick my silverware clean after each selection.
I wanted to like Posh more than I did.

The menu at Posh is the only reason I was interested in going.  "But, Scott," you might say, "the menu is the only reason that anyone goes to any restaurant."  Posh is different.  Posh brings you a list of the proteins they have available that evening and you cross out the ones that you do not like.  Then, you let your server know how any coruses you want and they start sending food out to your table from that list of proteins.

The concept is gerat; I love the idea and the food was good, the execution is where Posh fell short for me.

I had read other Yelp reviews that said the portions were too small.  Now, I have worked in hotel Food & Beverage for over 10 years and I know what tasting portions are so I wasn't worried.  I was surprised when we got our courses (we did a 7 course tasting) and there were no more than three bites per plate (if you cut the food really small).  Some people have said that they were so hungry after eating seven courses at Posh that they had to stop at a drive through to get more food; I would say this is accurate.  Although I didn' stop in a drive through after dinner, I left the restaurant not full and would have preferred having a little more food during dinner.

The other problem I had was the wait time in between courses.  We waited about 20 minutes between two of the courses and that was a lot especially when, after having waited, it took me two bites to finish the dish that was finally brought.  In my opinion, the concept is great and the smallness of the dishes might not have been as bit of a deal if the wait times in between courses was smaller.  If it was just one course after another and, as soon as I finished one, another plate was being placed in front of me (at a respectful pace of course, don't try to turn-and-burn the table) then I would have had a better time.  Instead, I felt as though I waited and waited, then was finally given a plate with 2 bites of food on it, then waited and waited some more.

Now, on the positive side, they had some great proteins available.  I ate kangaroo for the first time at Posh and was really looking forward to it.  Even before we arrived I was looking forward to having kangaroo.  The kangaroo did not disappoint and it tasted great.  It was a little gamey, but not tough and a little sweet; similar to elk - and I love elk.

Overall, I liked Posh, but I don't know that I would go back there - the wait times between courses were to big and the portions were too small.  I wish that wasn't the case because I really did enjoy the food when I had bites to take.
I LOVE this place!! That being said I will say my husband & I love variety, change & trying new things!  I always make my reservation to sit at the "Chef's corner" where I can enjoy the experience of watching the young, inspired staff Chef Joshua has mentored & trained! (since they all must start as dishwashers & work their way up!) We fortunately do not have food allergies & are very adventurous eaters so we mark nothing off our list of potential foods to be served. (I have found that even if it is something I don't think I would like Chef J will prepare it in a wonderfully yummy way!)  We always get the wine pairing since you are not sure what you will be served how could you make a selection?  It is really fun that we never get the same dishes or wines, so we share a bite of each course with the other.  We enjoy each & every bite of food & take the time between courses to enjoy one another's company or visit with the Chef. 

Granted, it is not cheap but if you take in the EXPERIENCE it is absolutely worth it!  

If you are not an adventurous eater, this is not the place for you. I would like to address some of the comments in other reviews...

**POSH is a "dining event" it is meant to take awhile to dine so that one may savor the flavors & preparation of the food not  shovel a pile of food down your gullet?! If that's what your looking for go to the buffet @ your nearest casino!

**Parking is as easy as it gets = free valet! (have never been closed when we left)

**The portions are adjusted based on the # of courses ordered, so don't compare your plate to the plates on the table next to you.

**The more finicky or picky you are, the less they have to work with!  

My Advice when dining at POSH?  TRUST IN THE TALENTS OF A WONDERFUL CHEF, RELAX, ENJOY & BE PREPARED TO BE DELIGHTED!!!
I was really excited, thought I'd get to experience some new tastes, but alas while I did get to experience some new ingredients the flavors were pretty flat and even for a tasting the portions were a bit on the small side. After having 7 courses, plus an amuse bouche, a second and third dessert  and 2 cocktails over two hours I wasn't hungry but I wasn't sated either. I think they give the 2 extra deserts knowing that people feel like something is lacking.

I had a venison cheek that was a bit dry and had no flavor to the point that if they didn't tell you, you couldn't guess it was venison. The glacier lettuce was an experience but also had no flavor other that the citrus dressing. The half a quail was nothing special and the cornbread stuffing tasted the same as any other. The geoduck was nice but just nice.

It's been a week and I don't even remember what my other courses were. Overall, I was expecting incredible but what I got was just OK, for the price, you want more than just OK. 

The plating on the other hand was very good, but that shouldn't be the best thing you can say about a meal.
Posh is an innovative and fun place to dine.  The concept of each person designing his own tasting menu is compelling and despite the gimmick the food is well prepared, beautifully presented, and tasty.

The wine pairings that you can add to the tastings are relatively well done but often are keyed to just one ingredient in the dish.  The result can be uneven but only for those who know their wine.  Also, watch the size of the pour!  Because it is an awfully expensive wine pairing, they overcompensate by pouring a full glass with each course.  A full pour times 8 courses can be a bit much for lesser mortals.

I've dined here twice, enjoyed it both times and would return if the opportunity presented itself again.
Not your everyday restaurant but a fun experience.  You really never know what's coming out next!
What a great innovative way to eat! My hubby and I enjoyed the concept to this restaurant! We chose 7 courses with the wine paring. It was all fabulous! My first time trying kangaroo, chewier than I expected. The wine choices were a great match. We will be going back to this restaurant when we return to the Scottsdale area.
I went to Posh tonight for restaurant week with a friend and I must say....it was pretty awesome! Now, this may be pretty subjective since everyone gets different food and you don't order, so I can't speak about consistency, but tonight it was really good. My friend and I started with a couple cocktails...I had a raspberry marg that was delicious and had real muddled raspberry in it. Our meal started with an amuse bouche of avocado puree with radish on it....very acidic and tasty. My four course meal included a salad with fava beans, cucumber foam of sorts, ricotta, jicama, and other veg...very tasty, fluke fish crusted in something or another that made it delicious and not fishy at all over a white bean puree that made me want to lick the plate, then came the one item I didn't care for all that much which was escargot empanadas over tomato sauce with a garlic foam (I'd never had escargot before, so it's totally not the restaurant's fault, I was glad for the opportunity to try something new), and it finished with a vanilla crepe with strawberry jam and strawberry jelly....was delicious! My friend is vegetarian so he had some delish vegetarian fare including a popcorn soup (it really tasted like popcorn), an Asian taco on flat bread with baby bok choy and carrots and other stuff, a rice dish with haricot verts, and a cheesecake with berries and deliciousness. After all of that, they gave us these cold lemon lollipops with pepper in them that were also delicious and sent us home with cookies.....this place knows how to make you feel like you got good value in your experience for sure.I would definitely come back here...it was really a memorable night.
Mind.  Blown. AGAIN.  Excellent food, excellent service.
So I am not sure if I and the below dinners ate at the same place, or perhaps the restaurant has cleaned up its act! We ate here last night during AZ. Restaurant week. We did opt for the 5 course and additionally added in the Foie Gras ($15) and the Cheese Plate ($10). We were extremely pleased with our server. We found him to be friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable. The food was excellent and I loved not knowing what might come out next. The one flat and disappointing dish was the Escargot Empinada. The filling was too over whelming for the delicate escargot. All I got was...maybe, lemon zest - not exactly sure. I did enjoy the experience and would return. My only concern was we opted for the 5 course instead of the 4 so that was and additional $10 then from there we also chose the Cheese and Foie Gras as I indicated above. But we still got 5 courses, so in-essence the cheese cost $20 and the Foie cost $35...that is rather excessive and I thought that these would be in addition to the 5th course.... Oh well live and learn. I will still return despite this confusion.
Chef Joshua Hebert has a new super fan.  My husband and I found ourselves in Scottsdale, a city we have NO knowledge of and after a quick web search we decided to try this "concept" restaurant.  We are always searching for new food experiences and since we often will give up our food choices to a talented chef we did not find the premise behind this restaurant at all scary.

I would like to first address how comfortable this restaurant is.  It is very personable, not at all pretentious.  In this establishment it is ALL about the food.  The staff is very welcoming and extremely knowledgeable.  Even if you are not a food savvy patron, do not stress, you will be by the end of your dining experience.  Also make sure you have time at your disposal, this is not a rushed dinner.  The last thing as a patron you need to understand is that this is a multi-course meal, you are not choosing a plate of food and you're done.  There are multiple servings of THE BEST of the best and so if paying $60 and up for dinner is not in your budget just do not come.  I disagree with the people that say this is TOO expensive, it is well worth what you are experiencing.

We chose to be seated at the Chef's counter, why? because we wanted to give ourselves up completely to the experience.  It wasn't about us sitting at a table by ourselves talking about our day, this was going to be about the FOOD.  We were not disappointed.  Chef Joshua and his staff are not only culinary geniuses, but they are GREAT dinner companions.  We had great conversations about food and about our lives.  

I will not discuss each dish we had at length because honestly the chances of you having the same dishes are very slim.  I did find out though that Foie Gras is always on the menu and if you are a fan the upgrade to have that as one of your courses is highly recommended.  The Foie I had last night was served 3 ways and I will tell you that one of them was a Foie, Lemongrass sorbet.. WHAT WHAT, it was to die for amazing.  It was so good I would have been happy if the Foie Gras was the only course I was served that evening.  

The other thing I loved was that they did not serve my husband and I the same courses, so in reality we tasted twice the courses that we signed up for.  So "signed up for"?  When you are seated you are given a menu questionnaire in which you can cross off items that you would not be willing to eat, also it gives you the opportunity to let your chef know food that you may be allergic to or have an extremely dislike for.  You also choose whether you want a 5, 6, 8 or all the courses being offered that night.  Then Chef Joshua instructs his staff on the food that should be prepared for you.  I mean for you, right then from scratch with great love.  You can always tell when food is prepared with love.  The chefs who work here LOVE food and their craft   They took great pride in preparation and plating.  Each plate that comes to you looks as if it's ready for a photo shoot.

In the beginning I photographed each plate, but because the food is so extraordinary I would get so excited when the next course came that I would jump right into the dish and forget to take a picture.. LOL  You real foodies will understand what I mean.  I have included photos with my review taken from an iPhone so I apologize for the quality.

Finally we did not do a wine pairing.  I can never finish a meal let allow have all that wine and all these courses and not explode in my seat, so we each had a cocktail which were really tasty.  I had the Lambo, a bourbon cocktail that was excellent.  

Thank you Chef Joshua and a shout out to Chef Chris who is a fellow San Diegan, we had a great time and can not wait to come see you again.
Take all of the stars! I will do my best not to gush, but know as you're reading this that I'd gladly gush if I thought it was appropriate. To have Posh listed as a restaurant is almost a travesty... Posh is an evening... it's a life moment... one of those AHA! type situations where you finally understand just what kind of an experience dining in an establishment can bring. When the very first course, which wasn't even a course but a "palette cleanser", was one of the best things I had ever eaten in my entire life (and mind you, I've eaten at some of the finest restaurants Napa, San Francisco, and our wonderful own Phoenix have to offer) I knew my concept of food was about to be destroyed... After three or so hours of small dishes that consistently blew me out of the water, I knew that I could never eat anywhere else... money keeps this from actually being true, but how do you go back to your homemade turkey sloppy joes after having sweet breads for the first time? While this may not be my most informative review to date, I urge you to try Posh out... Kristen G. and I cannot wait to come back, and we want to bring everyone we know... it just seems wrong for people to be eating Long John Silver's and Hot Pockets after seeing and tasting our menu at Posh... the damage is done. We'll never be the same.
Came here for restaurant week. I was really excited to try this creative approach to dinning. If you have read other reviews, I'm sure, whoever is reading this, you get the concept of Posh by now. So, here's the thing.... since you cannot decide, as with a regular menu, what dish you would like prepared for you, your chances of liking what you get are 50/50. Bear that in mind, it's probably why half of the reviews are awesome and the other half are people complaining.

Now, I had a very open mind going into this, realzing this fact, that the plates would be beyond my control, but that's not why I'm only giving two stars. The honest to goodness truth is that the cooking just wasn't to par with what you would expect from gourmet dinning. The prices indicate to me that this should be a gourmet experience, as well as the snobbery of the waiters (however, I have expierenced top notch service in other gourmet restaurants...expensive doesn't mean they have to be snobs). There was always something 'missing' from each dish.... they were all very creative, and beautifully presented...but flavors were lacking... I really wanted to be blown away and I sadly wasn't. With that said, I do have to add a note that dessert was exceptional....my favorite out of all the 5 courses.... pinapple sorbet with candied orange rind and strawberry coulis....just phenomenal! But, I don't think that I should have paid 60 bucks for an excellent sorbet and a whole other bunch of bland food. Tack on alcohol to that and my husbands 5 course meal, and suddenly restaurant week didn't seem like such a great discount :/

Bottom line, would I go back? No. Would I discourage someone else from going? Not necessarily. It's an interesting experience, and if you feel like blowing 60+ bucks to get that expierence, then, go for it.
My favorite restaurant in the world.  I highly recommend getting the wine pairing when you go!
I came here for the first time for their Late Night Japanese Fare and I would first like to say:

A. I'm furious with myself for not trying sooner.
B. In an unprecedented first for me in the state of Arizona, I am temporarily 
     suspending my ongoing bitch that there is no good Asian food in Phoenix.

Their menu consisted of three ramen dishes: miso, soy and I can't remember the other one. I was fortunate to be among the first to arrive because I was able to order a fourth offering not on the menu which consisted of ramen in a miso-like broth that was darker, bolder and with a hint of ginger. I have never liked miso but this was outstanding and exactly what my palate needed. My dish also contained shrimp, calamari and other seafood. I washed this down with two Orion Lagers for Okinawa....DELICIOUS!!!!!  And talk about a deal: the dishes were $10-$12 each!!!!

I was still in shock that I was in Arizona and was enjoying my meal so much and I was so lucky that I got there early because the seafood dish and the Japanese beers were gone shortly after 10:00pm.

I ran into Bao H and wound up having a great evening with him and some other great people for a wonderful evening. My girl Ursula D was also there so it was great to run into some fellow Yelpers. 

I received a warm welcome from Josh as I sat at the bar and I love the atmosphere here with the modern minimalist decor, sexy candlelight not to mention the great music that they play. Ieft a VERY happy camper and only a $35 dent in my wallet. I'm told that they are going to be doing the Late Night Japanese Fare one Wednesday a month....SIGN ME UP!!!

Word of advice for this:GET THERE EARLY!!!!
This was a tough restaurant to rate, since I love the concept and think the chef is exceptionally talented. I didn't have a very well executed meal though. 


Concept: 5 stars. 
I loved being completely surprised with each course. When presented with the list of proteins, I only crossed off frog legs, and only because I had just recently eaten them. I specified medium rare for my cooked meat, and said raw was acceptable.

Bar: 4 stars. 
Very good combination of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages

Execution: 3 stars because some courses were 5-star outstanding while others were 2-star.
The crudo dish was impeccably balanced between the fish, salt and acidity. It was one of the best courses I've had all year, anywhere. The rabbit, at the other extreme, was cooked beyond recognition...a huge disappointment given my request for medium rare.

Value: 3 stars
Value is the relation of price to quality. I judge value relative to other restaurants in the area. In this case, my benchmark for "high end" cuisine is Binkley's. At the prices Posh charges, I think it's appropriate to expect near-flawless execution. I didn't get execution that lived up to the prices. 

I am hoping my experience was an anomaly and will return for a second chance. In the meantime, I can't fully endorse Posh to my friends and family.
I can't believe that I neglected to write this review sooner.  This is quite possibly the best meal I've had to date - and that is saying quite a lot.  Not only is the concept absolutely amazing, but the execution really does live up to the hype.  I happened to go on a holiday, and was concerned that we might not receive the full glory that is Posh, but I was happily mistaken.  I can't imagine it getting any better.

My man and I checked off slightly different items, as I'm a bit more adventurous than he is.  This turned out to be a great thing, since we both ended up with very different courses, allowing us to taste each other's and try so many different things! 

Here were our courses:

1: Popcorn Soup - so buttery and smooth as velvet!
1: Beet Soup - delicious and so pretty (and normally I think beets taste like dirt)

2: Scallops with edamame puree and fried leeks.  This was a huge highlight of the meal and I was SO happy we both got the same dish - I really didn't want  to share!

3: Shrimp with Japanese coleslaw pancake, bacon, and Asian bbq sauce.
3: Halibut cheek, celery puree, and grape balsamic reduction

4: Hot and sour soup with squid
4: Rabbit with parmesan veloute, crushed tomato, and asparagus

5: Frog legs with tumeric and gnocchi
5: Veal with mashed potatoes

6: Pork belly with cabbage and peas
6: Cheese plate with Parmesan foccacia

We were so glad that we made our reservation to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  Talking with the sous chef was so much fun.  He was so knowledgeable and made our meal even better!
I want more noodles. Noodles, noodles and more noodles. Ramen last night was amazing. The chef can cook like no other. The depth of the broth in all of the ramen dishes was just amazing: it was without question one of the finest meals a person could have. The presentation was beautiful, the noodles superb, the ingredients clearly fresh and cooked perfectly. I only wish they offered this more often, as it is great. Thanks, can't wait to come back.
Interesting restaurant that is hard to review.  Every dish is different and you are brought what you're brought.  However, from my wife and my experience, it was definitely an experience.  For my meal, I had a delicious sweet corn and dungeness crab soup to start (which was my favorite part of the meal).  This was followed by sea urchin with cucumber and cantaloupe (my least favorite course).   I had fluke in a carrot/squash puree (delish!), duck egg on rice, and pork belly on puree cauliflower (very good too).  It is on the expensive side but it is a great experience.  The restaurant was a little on the warm side for me, and since it's a nicer place, you probably won't be wearing shorts or other warm weather clothing, so that's a small negative.
If you absolutely love food, eat here.

I came here w/ a group for restaurant week. We all chose the 4 course option. They give you a list of the proteins they use, any you dont like youre free to cross off. There a couple other questions and a section where you can list anything you absolutely do not want on your plates (I.E. allergies, etc). We all made our selections and our Posh experience began.

The decor here is very, well, posh. Its very streamlined, and clean.

We didnt wait very long for our 1st course. Mine was a nice and mildly spiced tomato bisque. It was creamy and very very good. And I dont usually like tomato based soups. About 10 minutes after our 1st course was taken away, our second arrived. Mine was a shrimp dish w/ a biscuit and puree underneath it. The actual shrimp and puree were wonderful. The biscuit was hard. 

About 15 minutes after course 2 was taken away, the 3rd course arrived. I received a pork dish that one of the other diners at my tables received for her 2nd course. It was alright. The meat was a little over done, but it wasnt overly disappointing. 

And then came dessert. Up until this point, my entire table was very pleased w/ their meals. This course though, it was like they read each of our minds. I received 3 mini cheesecake tarts topped w/ blueberries and coconut. 2 of my favorite things and one I like a lot.

This was a very unique experience that Id jump at the chance to do again.
"Wow!", I couldn't help but blurt that out after one bite into the Striped Sea Bass. I have never tasted fish so flavorful with a light crispy layer. Everything was outstanding. Best of all, the Chef and staff were very friendly and didn't mind me taking pictures of every dish as it came out. Best time to go is mid-week between 6-7pm, talk about great, friendly service!
(Lyrics - Adele - Set Fire to the Rain)

I'll eat it in, a bag
And as it cooks, I'll add the spice to it
It was dark as I stir it over
Until you added to your menu and you saved me

My palate, it's strong
But my appetite were far too weak
To stay away from your ads
Without falling to my feet

But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew
All the time I thought it was only in a bag was never true, never true
And at the prices you had, I would always buy; always buy ($.25 a bag!)

But I had Ramen at the Posh!
Savour the taste as I stuffed my face!
Let it burn while I cry
Cause I could taste it screaming with flavors, with flavors!

Posh is an Improvisational kitchen, which means like improv comedy they create as they go.  Well somewhat I guess...they utilize seasonal ingredients to create a daily menu.  You pick and choose what meals you want from a list, which often times range from 3-7 courses.  If you ever been to Restaurant Week then it's a similar concept.  

The night I went was Ramen noodles night or late night Japanese eats!  I don't really know if they really eat this late in Japan, but I guess that's what we're doing!  

There were 3 different noodle dishes and 2 Japanese beers.  The noodles were Sesame, Soy, and Miso, while beer selection was Orion and Coedo.  I wasn't totally thrilled about either of the beer.  Along with the noodles we ordered the okonomiyaki, a pancake like dish with came with sprouts and bacon.  I thought it was good and savory, but the mayo and bacon was quite overpowering.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but less bacon please....

I ordered the Soy broth with my Ramen while my friends seem to all order the Sesame.  I didn't get a chance to taste anybody else's dish, but mine was pretty good.  It came with braised pork, scallions, and I believe radishes.  Nice and warm and yes I know on a warm summer PHX night, but it worked.  Ramen is so adaptable to so many ingredients.  To me, it's all about the broth.  If you can create a good broth then you can put tree bark and chocolate in the Ramen and I'll still eat it!  According to the waiter, which I might add didn't really do a good job, said they intend to have Ramen night every Wednesday starting at 9pm.  So gear up you Ramen fans cause now you have a place to go every Wednesday night! - Enjoy!
Great environment, very streamlined and well... Posh!

The dinner concept is really neat.  They give you a list of items that are in season and you cross off anything you are not okay with.  Then at the bottom you can list any foods you dislike or are allergic to so they avoid those.  You can also indicate how you would like your meats cooked, rare to well done. This is not a place for someone that is not adventurous or for a picky eater.

We did the 7 course meal and each dish was very interesting and delicious.  I felt like I was a judge on the show Chopped!  It was so neat to hear them describe each dish they brought out that was unique.  The courses were spread out over a couple of hours so it was great to sit with a couple friends, enjoy the atmosphere, and try different foods.  Everything from escargot, frog legs, NY strip, wild boar, pheasant breast, and prawns.  It was a great variety of foods I wouldn't normally try.

As for price, it was pretty expensive.  My husband and I ended up spending about $250 including tip for the 7 course meals plus alcoholic beverages.  We didn't do the wine pairing however had a glass of wine and a couple cocktails.  We weren't stuffed or over full by the end mainly because they spread the courses out nicely.  Although the amount of food may not have been worth $250, the experience completely made up for it.  It was a fun and exciting improvisational dinner that we won't forget and we would definitely do it again!
I expected to be blown away by the experience given the price and fame of the restaurant. The food did not disappoint. The courses were of good size, varied in flavor and ingredients, and were delicious. I was not, however, impressed with the ambiance in the restaurant. The music was barely audible, the staff casual--but not in a warm way, and the decor was blah. Optima, which houses Posh, is beautiful, and I recommend a walk around the property before or after dinner.
Phillip C who wrote a review below writes the review I would write for Posh.  I agree - 5 stars for concept.  And I'd give 5 stars to some dishes and 2 to others...One dish I had to send back which was a white bean soup - pureed - topped with truffle oil and crushed chilies.  So hot I could not eat it and mind you - I like hot food.  It was also too oily and the consistency of the beans was grainy - not smooth.  

Back to the beginning.  We enter a stark - but nicely lit restaurant and are seated at the last table in the corner - which was great - private and less noisy.  The waitress was great and very knowledgeably about the cocktails...  We then look at the menu which I loved...  Cross off what you don't want and write on the lines below what foods you are allergic to or really can't eat.  I can't eat Okra for instance and must have food light in salt.  I should have thought to write that I can't eat super spicy food.

I crossed off all fish except tuna rare or raw.  I was game for anything else which included wagu beef, escargot, boar etc.    

My husband's soup - Amazing..  Pureed Anaheim peppers and I think Tomatillo's and roasted corn - sublime.  Mine - sent back - bean soup as mentioned above.  I got a salad instead - nothing special.  My husband had the boar bacon on masa cake..  It was fairly good and I had shrimp - not spectacular and a bit dry but the spicing was perfect.  Things were moving along very slowly - I think because there were lots of people there for the chef's menu.  They brought a tomato sorbet which was not counted towards the 5 courses.  I thought it was pretty good but my husband thought it tasted like frozen commercial tomato juice.  I disagree -it was very rich and very tomatoey  (is that a word;-)  

Finally the cheese plate and the fois gras 3-ways.  Outstanding and worth the extra $15 - don't pass on either of these if you can.  The fois gras sorbet was a wonderful surprise by the way!  Excellent and unexpected.  The cheeses were Oregon Blue, a very soft and delicious Epoisses de Bargogne and a firm goat - Sunlight - it was called - nutty and yum.  Now one thing I'd say about that cheese plate is the toasted bread...was way to flavorful and greasy with butter or oil...  It overpowered the cheese big time!   That bread belonged as french toast or gourmet grilled cheese - the wonderful cheeses they served needed a nice crusty baguette to really highlight the cheese.  

Additionally, my husband had the mussels in a wonderful broth of roasted red pepper and tomato puree.. divine!  It screamed for a little crostini with goat cheese on the plate.  

The desserts - Key lime sorbet in a cream puff - texture of the cream puff?  eh.  Not great - Sorbet - wonderful.  Husband had a multi layered chocolate cup and it was good but not great.  

Having said all that...  I will go back and next time 1) make sure there is nothing special going on to take away from the regular goings on...  2) Sit at the bar!!!  
And I have a sneaking suspicion that if you put too many restrictions on your menu - they will not be inspired.  So I'll try to do that.  Although I hate cooked fish... Raw is great though.  Ok - one other thing... This place is so hard to find!  GPS brought us to the front of a condo building with what looked like a half mood driveway to go in and then out of but lo and behold - hidden from view is a ramp down to a parking garage.  Oh - and no spaces but the valet guy held our car and parked it when a space became available.  

Worth a visit if you are adventurous and a foodie.    My husband is not and it was just 'ok' for him.. and he was still hungry after a 5 course meal which by the way took exactly 2 hrs and 45 min.  Be prepared to be there for a while ;-)
What can I say. Every time we eat at POSH, we are amazed by Josh and his staff. They present the dishes and wines accurately with great detail to match the epic deliciousness of the food quality. Best place to sit...at the bar near the cooks. You can watch them with drooling envy as they make each dish. Don't be afraid to ask them about what they're cooking as well. The staff and Josh, our gracious chef, love to chat and be personable with their patrons. Don't forget to follow their facebook page. The chef enjoys doing fun "what's this ingredient" contest for gift certificates as well as host events like Ramen Night once a month where you can get a bowl of authentic japanese Ramen soup for $10. Can't recommend this restaurant enough!! REALLY. You'll love it!
Went for restaurant week and had a fabulous evening.  Sitting at the counter allows you to watch the cooks as well as Chef Hebert expediting the entire restaurant's orders. What a feat of organization.  Five courses with foie gras prepared three different ways plus cocktails made for many flavors that were all cohesive and worked together. Each course was delicious and beautiful, not at all gimmicky.  Turn your taste buds over to the experts!!  Our first visit to Posh made us fans!
We dined at POSH last night as part of restaurant week and could not have been more pleased with the quality, execution and presentation of all 5 courses. The dishes that came out of the kitchen were excellent! I was brought the coconut milk with kale pesto, roasted root vegetable soup, hamachi with an incredible glaze, scallops with black rice, shrimp sausage and puff pastry with pumpkin cheesecake topping. 

I'm not giving 5 STARS because our server seemed annoyed and short the entire night. When asked about drink recommendations he really didn't have any except to say try something from tonight's specials. 

If you're thinking about going to POSH, run don't walk-you won't be disappointed.
Finally a restaurant from restaurant week that warrants 5 stars.  If you are on the fence about trying out Posh, I hope this review will convince you to try it.  Not only was the food 5 star, so were the wine pairings and service.  If at all possible, sit at the chef's counter.  It is free theatre and you can see the chef and his staff expertly create delicious dishes one after another.  I opted for the 4 course dinner with wine pairings.  They began with an amuse bouche of coconut milk ricotta over pesto.  I make my own cow's milk ricotta at home and must say that I am now going to experiment with making coconut milk ricotta.  I can only imagine how delicious a coconut ricotta pie or cannoli would be...My first course was a daikon and endive salad with beets, bread crumbs, cucumber and buttermilk style dressing.  It was light, perfectly seasoned and the textural addition of the breadcrumbs made it inviting rather than boring.  My second course consisted of bay scallops, roasted patty squash and toasted red rice.  The seasoning of the dish was spot on, though I would always prefer sea to bay scallops, if for no other reason than the textural difference.  That being said, I cleaned the plate.  My 3rd dish was goat with spinach and a tomato puree.  If you have never tried goat, this is the dish to have as a first timer.  It would remind you somewhat of carnitas with a bit more flavor.  I almost licked the plate, and inwardly cursed Posh for not having bread service, which would have allowed me to sop up all the goodness in a more tasteful fashion.  For my last course I enjoyed a delicious cheese plate.  The triple creme with the homemade buttered toast, pistachio bits and honey literally made me swoon...well that and the perfectly paired dessert wine.  It was at this point in the meal that I realized that the pleasure that this food produces rivals that of good sex.  To top it off, I tasted a lemon "lollipop" if you will, from the anti griddle.  Perfection! Truth be told I could have polished off about 10 more.  They also send you home with a little goodie bag of cookies, which I have yet to try.  Overall, this is by far the best meal I have had in AZ and perhaps America.  I would gladly wash dishes for a couple of hours in order to enjoy this food on a regular basis.  Neither the staff, line cooks, chef or waiters were pretentious and all seemed to really care about food and the quality of their guests' experience.  I will certainly be back and know that this will be THE place I bring out of town guests.  I have reservations for 3 additional restaurants for restaurant week and it is going to take all of my will power not to cancel them in order to come back to Posh instead.
I've heard a lot about this place and have been wanting to try it for some time. So when I saw it as an option for restaurant week it seemed like the perfect opportunity. I made reservations weeks in advance and was excited to try it and see.

We arrived a little before our 8 o'clock reservation and were told it would be a few minutes. A few minutes quickly turned into 60 minutes. While the hostess was friendly and let us know we could get drinks at the bar, it was still annoying having to wait THAT long. I understand a few minutes behind, but what's the point of taking and making reservations if you're not going to stick to them. 

Once we were finally seated our waiter was attentive but nothing special. It is an interesting experience though to not know what you're going to get! And it was fun to try everyone's dishes and compare. The food was phenomenal and the portion sizes were small, but perfectly filling. I left feeling full but not stuffed, which is ideal. 

I can see how this would be hit or miss. Since we all shared everything, there were definitely better dishes than others. I was happy with the meal, but disappointed with the poor start. I think I would do it again, but you defintiely have to be with the right crowd who's going to want to share and try everything. This would be a fun spot to celebrate with a date or another couple, not something to do for a first date or work dinner.
I brought three of my friends here for Restaurant week and had one of the delicious and unique restaurant experiences.  We sat in the Chef's corner, right in front of the kitchen and got to see all the action!  The chef talked to us throughout the entire night- He makes a new menu every day and uses seasonal ingredients.  This time I got to try bass and wild boar bacon!  The bacon was my favorite part of the 4 course meal... We all got different dishes- never once was one repeated! For someone with food allergies, I was a little skeptical to see if the food and price would be worth it-- it absolutely was.  I will definitely be returning, no matter the price!

I would not recommend going here if you are craving something specific or are too picky... if you are craving something- chances are it's not what you will be served.  If you are too picky, the chef won't have a lot to work with!
Just had dinner here with my wife last week. I was excited to try this new restaurant and found a groupon for it, saving us some money. The restaurant is located in an office building and somewhat difficult to find. There is no large sign with the name on it so be sure to get good directions for it before you go. The parking is in a structure and once you find the structure, there are signs telling you where to park for the restaurant. Just follow the signs, find a spot and walk up the stairs. The restaurant will be located to the right at the top of the stairs.

The groupon we got was for the full tasting menu, which come to around 12 courses. We decided to add the wine tasting with it, since we usually do. I like the concept of "improvisational dining" and for those unfamiliar with what this means it is simply the chefs choice. Once you decide on the amount of courses you want and your beverae choice, you are given a piece of paper with a list of ingredients that you do not wish to be served that evening. You simply cross off the stuff you don't want but we also starred or circled the ones we really want to try. This list is then given to the chef who will create a meal for you that evening. Some cautious and close minded diners may not like giving the chef ultimate control of their entrees, which is fine but know that you may not like it here. 

The portion sizes are actually decent and I would probably say too large for 12 courses. This is because we were full about 3/4 the way through our meal, and trying to stuff the rest just made it uncomfortable and not as enjoyable. The taste was hit and miss as well. Some courses were very tasty but were lacking. We both also felt that the chef used too much sage in his courses and figured that this might be his favorite herb. While I do like sage, the taste can be overpowering and it did just that in a few dishes. The waiter was very nice and explained each dish well. I also liked that my wife and I got different dishes, giving us a chance to try each other's and something different versus each of us getting the same dish for each course the entire night. I was really hoping the taste was on par for us because our favorite restaurant in Arizona so far is Binkley's but it is so far away for us to drive. Unfortunately, the taste was not amazing and my wife states she probably wouldn't come back. I on the other hand would give them another chance because it could have been an off night for them as well as the fact that we were uncomfortably full and drunk by the end of the night. I'd like to see how our experience would be if we got a 4-5 course tasting menu. 

Another reason for the 3 star review is the price. I do think the menu is overpriced for what you get. The cost of the full tasting menu was $140 each without our groupon and I can say it was not worth it. We are willing to spend money on great food, so if you are going to charge a large price for the meal, you had better be able to back it up with incredible taste. So either drop the price, or step up your game! As I said before, I am willing to give this place another try so once I can convince my wife to come back I am hoping to be met with some incredible tasting food.
Such a fan! We have been dining at POSH for over a year now and discovered it during Restaurant week previously. We always bring people here when we want to have an impressive meal that is fun and unexpected. Josh and Jeremy are top notch chefs and do a great job of accommodating a variety of dietary needs. We recently dined here as a 'Thank You' dinner for some friends. Everyone was pleased indeed!
On the first Wednesday of every month starting at 10pm, Posh rolls out their "Japanese Street Eats" improvisational cuisine: a unique night were foodies can come and try "cheap" common street foods with the fancy and quirky Posh twist. After 4 months of not being able to attend (schedule, last minute changes, etc), my group of 6 and I finally made it here.

The street eats Wednesday is every frugal foodies dream: a chance to try a $$$$ restaurant at a budget I can afford and really determine if I want to come back and spend my entire salary on a regular night here. It makes me feel fancy without having to be scared about my bank account later, and you know, late night food is always so damn delicious. 

But yet, here  I am, being one of the few douches that is giving Posh a 3 star review. What about my experience could have possibly made this place just OK in my book? A combination of poor execution, terrible service and unimpressive flavors.

Now not everything is terrible. I actually quite enjoyed my Goma Ramen, served with an additional soft egg. Having the egg in the soup should not be an "extra" add on but an important component of the soup: opening the egg and letting the yolk flow out allows the broth to become creamier and elevate the entire flavors of the dish. The base broth of the Goma Ramen was pretty mild and tasty, but the Shoyu broth literally tasted like watered down soy sauce: a dark water full of salt. My Goma had great pork belly pieces and the piece of pepper was crunchy  and a little spicy, while the Bok Choy was waay overcooked and placed like a large piece, impossible to eat even with my best chopstick skills. I enjoyed the thicker ramen noodles and I did not hesitate to add some squeezed limes to my soup, regardless of my server's strong disagreement for my order.

Then Posh decided to inaugurate the internet-crazed new invention: the Ramen burger. For those of you unaware of the newest cronut replacement, the ramen burger replaces the regular buns on a burger with cooked, egg-added and fried-into-patties ramen noodles. At $15 we were all excited to give this craze a shot, so much so that 4 of us got the burger and the remaining 3 stuck to the soup.

The famed Ramen burger was about the size of a large slider, using a fried scallop in lieu of a beef patty. The concoction was served alongside a small potato salad which my friend's were raving about. Unfortunately, those 4 cooked pieces of potatoes were better than the star of the dish itself: the ramen buns were oily, the scallop was overcooked and the thickness of it was not consistent between the diners at our table. The famous ramen burger fell short and left our peers ready to make a McDonalds run. I shared some of my ramen with them and that kept them content for the remainder of the evening.

Maybe harder to accept the fact that our pent up excitement about this place had died down, was the sad realization that the service was below awful. We kept looking around for our server, had to keep reminding him to bring us more water (about 4 times when we were lucky enough to see him near our table) and had to send our requests more than once before we could get it. I saw another server passed by and exchanged glances, having her clearly see me and hear "excuse me can we get some more water please?". She smiled back and kept walking. Hey, Thanks.
Even worse than that, our soups came out but we had to wait about 5-10mins before the ramen burgers came out, leaving our burger eaters there waiting while we already had our food. One burger didn't come out for 30mins. We later found out that it was because they had miscalculated the orders and had ran out of the prepped food to make his burger. Understandable mistake but maybe he should have told him as soon as the mistake was identified and not 30mins later when his food arrived (and we were already done eating ours). They didn't charge him for the burger, thankfully, as he didn't quite enjoy the taste of it when it finally came.

So, is there any silver lining with Posh? Absolutely. Two of our peers have attended Posh on a regular night and truly loved it. Unfortunately, their street eats disappointed and makes foodies like me worried about spending more cash at a place that fell so short from expectations.
Eh, what can I say. Everyone I go to culinary school just ranted and raved about this place, so I had to check it out. I got the 5 course meal with the wine pairing and fois gras upgrade and honestly, I have had all of the same dishes at at better price point with more generous portion sizes for a LOT less at other restaurants. The fois gras was amazing, especially the sorbet. But the rest was somewhat lackluster. Also my wines were almost exclusively white domestics when i made it pretty clear I preferred reds. My friend's butterscotch pudding tasted like Cloroseptic .... very bizarre. For 105 dollars I want to be wowed and I just wasn't. I left wondering what did I just pay for. I can't say I will be returning.
Just fantastic. My boyfriend and I had read all of the reviews here on yelp before going to posh, and expected the small portions and high prices. I have to say that every penny was worth it, though. In every aspect, this restaurant excels. The service was excellent and everyone there was more than accommodating. For example,my boyfriend hates dessert, and they were willing to give him a main course as last course instead of dessert. Every dish was explained and thoughtfully put together. It was also neat to sit at the counter watching the chefs cook and create dishes. It amazes me that they are able to create such variety so quickly and put together such delicious dishes... truly excellent and  skilled chefs work here. I'm just disappointed we didn't take any pictures! Anyway, overall we were more than impressed and had an exceptional meal in a very relaxed and inviting atmosphere. We will be going back this week :)
Visited during restaurant week.  Had the 4 course with wine.  I really liked all of the dishes except for the first which was a salad with a chicken liver paste.  The paste was really pungent? That was the only thing I didn't care for. 

I was there with the wife and some friends we each got different plates so we got to sample a good variety.  I really liked the pork cheeks, hamachi and goat.  I was hoping to get to try the kangaroo. 

I would recommend trying this place but get the 5 course.
I can only give my opinion of their monthly Wednesday late night menu, so take this for what it is; I've not been here for lunch or dinner.

Excited to find out about their uber secret, (monthly?) late night ramen gathering, five or six of us decided to make an evening of it. Starting out with one of their Gin cocktails was a delicious decision, and I sipped on it while sharing a couple of items from the menu. I like cabbage and was excited to try out the Okonomiyaki; a grill top  cooked 'pancake' of cabbage, a few other add ins, topped with super tasty sauce, bacon, and a few other items, sans the shrimp cause of an allergy, it is worth ordering again. We shared an ordered a the Goma ramen, pretty tasty, similar to other ramen, but notably better. Unfortunately there were a few hangups with the order, some holier than thou service from the waiter that evening, and issues refilling drinks.

After the meal I chatted with the chef for a minute or two, he told me they were thinking about doing their Ramen menu during lunch soon, but I haven't seen it happen just yet. Overall the experience was fun but that was mostly from getting to watch the chef cook and hanging with our friends!

Happy Yelping Phoenix.
Posh has a rotating menu of seasonal as well as different exotic and familiar foods served in the typical fine dinning course plating style. You provide very minimal information about your courses and the chef prepares it how he wishes on the spot. Posh provides a rare experience for the guest and proves that mundane or even food you never thought to try can be turned into magnificent pieces of art.
Wow! What a great restaurant! I meant to write this review sooner so it would be more detailed, but put it off, and alas, I can't remember specifics...

Let me just say this, we had a 6 course dinner and ordered our own wine (not the pairings), and had a great meal. This isn't your neighborhood burger joint, and so the type of food and price reflect that. While you may not leave stuffed, the portions were bigger than I expected given traditional tasting menus, and left me satisfied and full. Would probably give it only 4 stars because the food/price is still a bit much to handle, and the ambience could be slightly better, the service pushed it up a notch to a 5 star restaurant. Nice job, thanks for the great meal and sensational dining experience!
I went a few times for Tuesday ramen, rather than the traditional fare. It was pretty good. Staff was friendly.
It should probably be closer to 4.5, but I'd like to support such adventurous quisine in the valley.  Have had some of my best meals in the valley here. But maybe 1 of 10 dishes don't seem to work. It fun though, not knowing what you'll get... could be frogs legs, sturgeon, wild boar sausage. It's one of the places in the valley that I'd bring my ouf-of-town foodie friends to.  Beautiful, stylish space.  

On Tuesday, they now host a Ramen night. Excellent stuffed pancake (wife thought she was back in Japan) and very good Ramen distinguised by the high quality of its ingredients.
If you are into something different, you must visit this restaurant. I have a 5 course meal and I really enjoy all this "improvice" courses. You just need to scratch from the menu the ingridients that you don't like... Then the chef will prepare you "something" with the rest of the ingridients. This experience was really enjoyable. I definetly recomend this restaurant to others.
I can't get over the fact that this was the perfect first date. I came here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night, my date was smart and called a head (if not, we would've been screwed.) This is the right place to come if you have any dietary restrictions. We decided to do the six course menu, without the wine, because we had already had two drinks before hand. They accommodated  my needs so perfectly. I almost think I got the more imaginative small plates (all veggie) than my carnivore boyfriend!
Maybe I just don't get the concept. In my book improvisational means you make things up as you go. This is not the case at Posh. I'd categorize it as dining Russian Roulette. 

Perhaps my expectations were unrealistic. I thought the chef would look at my likes and dislikes and specifically cater each course. This was not my experience. Instead, it appeared that there were a certain number of dishes that had been decided on for the night. There was one shrimp dish, one scallop dish, etc. and the chefs picked from these 15 or 20 dishes instead of coming up with anything on the fly. 

The food was really hit and miss. The salad was okay, but nothing special. A scallop dish was excellent and the pork cheeks were decent. The goat wasn't particularly good and the shrimp bratwurst was practically inedible. The dessert at the end was the highlight of the evening. 

Overall, I expected more. For $75 a plate it just wasn't good enough and there was nothing "improvisational" about the meal.
Amazing time!  Posh was great as usual.  We will always make it back for any special occasion.  If you haven't been yet you need to make it out!  Nothing else like the improvisational cuisine in AZ!
This makes my top three favorite restaurants in town, for sure. I've been there three times already this month. 

The most important thing I think I can say is be specific about your dislikes! You write down what you *don't* like, not what you do, so if your palate is somewhat high maintenance, that needs to be communicated.

Don't go if you're on a time crunch. If you're there before 5:30, the sunset discount is $15 off! And sitting at the bar is super awesome, especially on a slow night. 

Their foie gras torchon is the best I've ever had, and Chef Josh always has awesome wine recommendations! This place is a must-try for foodies.
The most delightful dining experience I've ever had!  Went for the full tasting menu which ended up being about 16 courses so you leave feeling full but not overly stuffed.  It was my first time trying uni which I loved, and the ahi tuna was another highlight.  The secret is to make your reservation before 5:30 to get the cheaper prices, but be prepared to spend big still...it's a once in a lifetime experience.  Try the honey basil cocktail...yum!!
Fabulous evening at this inventive and fun restaurant.  We selected the 6 course dinner and decided to share many of the dishes.  The chef works effectively to keep each course diverse so that the table can experience a variety of flavors and presentations.  At the start of your visit you will be asked to select out your least favorite proteins and to emphasize any favorites. From that point, the kitchen takes over. Our starters included a savory curried squash soup and a beet and goat cheese salad. 4 additional courses followed and included grilled Mahi on a bed of delicious Asian noodles; grilled shrimp with a corn and fava bean relish; seared NY strip steak; venison in a red wine reduction; oysters in an olive oil and citrus broth; and an amazing uni panacotta. Each was delicious and employed interesting flavor surprises that just worked beautifully. 
We met Chef Josh as we were leaving and we were impressed by his humble but capable demeanor.  Jessica, the dining manager was friendly and accommodating and our server, Michael, was charming and very capable in his descriptions and presentation of each course. Posh is a definite visit if your tastes are discerning and slightly adventurous.
I don't get the hype or the solid four star rating on yelp. I came here expecting this amazing and unique dining experience and instead I got mediocre food and service and left hungry/frustrated/annoyed and $500.00 poorer. I kid you not, we had to stop by jack in the box on the way home (after paying $500.00 for dinner)

The concept of posh is really innovative, just severely poorly executed. You go in and they give you a form that you fill out, crossing off things you don't like, meats, veggies, dietary restrictions the whole 9 yards, and they create a menu just for you. You start off with a soup or salad and go from there. One of my dining companions for the evening got 2 very similar flan type dishes in a row, pretty much unacceptable in my book. Your paying 75.00 a person and they couldn't possibly think that giving someone two very similar dishes might not be appropriate. Most dishes were pretty poorly executed, I had a mushroom soup that was super salty, they ruined the uni by somehow over saucing it with a soy base making it beyond salty and nearly inedible. Although I will say that they had a shrimp dish and the wild boar bacon were both pretty stellar and their cocktail menu was extensive and all of our drinks were amazing.

Like another reviewer said and in my opinion is beyond correct, coming here is like playing Russian roulette, and if it yielded great results it wouldn't be a problem, but I think they have over extended themselves and in this case I got the bullet. 

There are far better establishments to try in the valley that do the tasting menus right, try Crudo instead. It's easier on the wallet and the food is insane, I would skip Posh.
First, thanks to the offer of AZ restaurant week, $40 for a 4-course meal, I left happily! Second, it could be a bad-luck day that you just wont have food that's as good as your guest on the same table! Last, I'll share what I had!

1. Japanese congee with Japanese Ginger and veggie - a light rice soup-ish dish, a little sour taste from the ginger, just enough to boost your taste buds to keep indulging it!

2. Halibut cheek with greek yogurt sauce and a pesto looking (?) puree - very pretty plate and the fish was nicely done with a light taste, though I wasnt so sure if the two sauces complimented the fish well...still trying to figure it out, hmmm

3. Duck leg confit - the meat was well done, so soft that you don't need a knife to cut (think about the texture of a nicely cooked short ribs), yes, I liked it a lot, just be aware that it was cooked with skin on which adds the natural taste duck fat, but its so fatty that you would still see the extra fat on the skin.

4. Peach shortcake for dessert! Locally grown and fully riped peaches was so good!! Much better than the last dessert I had at different pointe of view...

With three of us on the same table, all 12 different dishes, I have to say mine was the best! :p but this is the beauty of posh, be adventurous and be surprised, you never know what would arrive to you!
Went tonight for restaurant week. We chose the 6 course with pairings. I'm not any kind of wine expert, but aside from whites going with fish and reds for meat dishes, I couldn't see any connections to the food and the waitress didn't do anything more than read the labels to tell us what it was. 
We showed up for our 9pm reservations basically right at 9, then stood around for about 5 minutes before a hostess showed up. Then sat at the bar for another half hour before our table was finally ready. 
My first course was the popcorn soup, a house specialty, inexplicably paired with a sparkling rose. It tasted like plain popcorn made into watery mush. It was my first course, I was hungry, I feel rude not finishing a dish during a tasting menu, and I still left most of the small portion uneaten. My boyfriend even tried to doctor it up by adding some of his soup (a sort of asian broth with pickled veg that both of us liked) to give it some salt but it didn't work. 
Then there were about 3 fish dishes that I noticed identical versions of being served to two or three of the other tables. I understand that you can't create 90-100 diners each 6 individual dishes in any reasonable amount of time,  but their claim of "improvisational" led me to expect more than I saw them do. 
I did enjoy the trout dish served with sunchoke chips and an interesting dessert of "nachos", fried cinnamon dusted phyllo dough "chips" with fruit brunoise "salsa" and a tiny scoop of birthday cake ice cream. 
Along with my unseasoned soup, there were several other dishes with too much/lack of salt problems. 
Vegetables were no where to be found in any significance. I had one piece of bok choy on one dish and two gumball sized chunks of zucchini (which were not hot).
I give it 3 stars for trying to do something interesting. 
I only give it 3 stars because they sat us 30 minutes late for our reservation, the food did not seem cohesive or executed particularly well, and lacked any seasonal feeling or vegetables for what I would expect to be a product driven menu.
Perhaps they were flustered because it was a Saturday night during restaurant week and they have better nights, but I won't be rushing back based on my experience.
On Tuesdays they offer ramen at Posh.  I was here with a couple of friends and it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar and the server was very friendly and knowledgeable.

They offer ramen choices with different broths and ingredients.  I had the goma and loved the pork and noodles in the yummy broth.  I'll definitely be back on another Tuesday!
Went to posh for a mixture of occasions (engagement party and not one, but three birthdays). Party of 8 and I think they did a fantastic job!

We made reservations for earlier in the evening because ***They have cheaper prices if you go earlier***.  We opted for 6 course including a cheese plate.  As long as you are willing to try some new things, this is a very fun experience.  If you are a little on the picky side.... Don't worry, so am I and I'd still recommend this place!  However, If you are picky AND you are afraid to try new things, I'd skip it for one of the many great places down the street.

Courses were smaller, but you're getting a bunch so don't fret.   The other reviews where people complained about leaving hungry, I'm not sure if they came on an off night or what, because we all left stuffed!  

The courses were unique and all had their own flair.  I was served a range of items... Salmon, quail, a white a white fish I don't remember the name of, and a small red meat plate.  There were 8 of us and we usually got 3-4 different dishes served to us, so if you go with a big group and are all friendly you might be able to try some other things ;)

The meal was served at a perfect pace too.  Not too slow, and definitely not too fast like most restaurants.  We didn't get wine, but if you did I would imagine it's enough time for you to sip and enjoy your glass and chat before the next course.

My girlfriend had a fee weird food allergies and they were very willing to accommodate.


The only negative I have about Posh is really the ambiance if the place. There is somthing off about it.  I don't know if I would call it a lack if refinement or what.  But for potentially $100+ per person I just expect the little things, like a more modern looking kitchen or more refined staff...I don't know.  I can't put my finger on it.  They are close though!
Posh was definitely a unique experience but it's not for everyone. We went for a birthday celebration and had a blast. I was the pickiest of our group but the chef did a great job at accommodating me. My entire group really enjoyed the experience but thought the food wasn't worth the money. We had a near $500 bill for 4 of us (and one of the group did not have any alcohol) and when it was all said and done, we agreed that it would have been better spent elsewhere. The element if surprise was nice throughout the meal though!
I adore the concept of this restaurant! 

I have been here twice now and I am hooked! Both times I have gotten the 5 corse and it was awesome! I love the "menu" and just being able to cross off what you won't eat. The element of surprise here is what really makes this place fun. I have never been disappointed here, the food really is wonderful! If you are willing to be adventurous and try new things, this is the place for you! 

The service is always great and the atmosphere is awesome! Make sure you look nice! This would be a cool place for a first date or a birthday dinner!
This was hands-down one of the best dining experiences of my life!

My husband and I came to Scottsdale for New Years, which is also our wedding anniversary. We made advance reservations for the chefs bar for New Years Eve and we were started with complimentary champagne for our anniversary. From there we each ordered a cocktail and loved them both. They brought the checklist and we left it mostly blank and told them to bring us anything they wanted. (If you have specifics about what you will and wont eat based on it being weird or different you don't belong here and we wanted the experience we came for). We did 6 courses with wine pairings and we each got a different plate, with a different protein, and different wine for every course. My husband especially loved the whole baby octopus! Everything was amazing and for the creative plates with foods you can't get elsewhere the price makes perfect sense. Not to mention the great service from everyone in the restaurant including our wonderful chef. (The executive chef even recommended a brew-pub for us to go to the next day we loved!) 

It's been over a year since we had this dinner and we still talk about it. For a special occasion and an extremely unique experience we highly recommend it.
I'm not sure what I was expecting when we went to Pastis the first time a few weeks ago, but what we found was a very pleasent surprise!Part deli, part cafe, and part grocery store and all wonderful. 

The fare is a combination of dishes from the Eastern European nations that are slowly starting to appear here in America.Hot and cold sandwiches, pierogi, sausages, soups and salads, appetizer plates and the best crepes I have ever had. They do not serve alcohol just yet but they are working on it, so look for it in the future.

My personal fondness for spicy and flavourful sausages is satisfied here with wonderful Bratwurst, the "Budapest", (a lovely sandwich of grilled Hungarian sausage, provolone cheese, roasted peppers and a chipotle aioli sauce. Yum!), and Sudjuk sausage. (A spicy Slavic beef sausage served on a regional pita bread made fresh and served with hummus.)The Cobb salad was of considerable proportions and they even have selections for the little ones.

The grocery stocks a few snacks and beverages from several Eastern European countries and all that we've tried have been delightful.

They have just added a breakfast menu as well that sounds wonderful but we have not had the opportunity to try it yet.

I would recommned Pastis to anyone without hesitation, I hope you'll give it a try.
We went to Pastis on the recommendation of some friends.  Our good friends went with us on a Saturday night.  This place was great.  I'd describe it like others: part bistro, part cafe, part casual restaurant.  It also has take-out and a market if you are longing for your European favorite chocolates, sauces, canned meats :-).

We sat in the restaurant area.  VERY casual and I loved that.  We were greeted very kindly by one of the owners' wife.  The menu has plenty of options.  Our server (who actually was one of the owners as well) told us about the special (Chicken Cordon Bleu) and spoke with such perfection in his accents on Spanish and French words that we had to ask where he was from.  

One of the owners, Luka (sorry if I misspelled it), was born in Serbia, but grew up in the French Riviera.  His father was a professional soccer player so they traveled a lot.  Luka himself was also a professional soccer player and that is what brought him to Arizona (on a scholarship).  He loved it so much and decided to stay.  VERY humble and nice guy and it is great that the owners have such a stake in the business at these early stages.

Two in our party opted for the Cordon Bleu special, which was fantastic!  I ordered the Athena sandwich (pastrami) and my friend ordered the Madrid sandwich (prosciutto and turkey and brie).  All of these were the first recommendations from Luka, whithout hesitation.  THEY WERE GREAT!  There were so many things on the menu and I wanted to try them all...so I'll definitely be back.

The portions were perfect, and the sandwich portion was generous.  We heard about the crepes as well and opted to order (2 per order, yum!).  We got Nutella/Banana and Nutella/Toasted Coconut/Crushed biscuit.  Holy crap they were good -- do the crushed biscuit...it really adds something great!

Overall, this place was fantastic!  If there was a 4.5 star rating I'd have to give it that.  Luka was very kind, explained everything and shared some personal history of his journey to this point.  Great atmosphere.  He also explained the name of the restaurant to us, so you'll have to ask *when* you go (not if, but when).

This is a great place and we WILL be back!  We saw they have a "breakfast in Paris" menu on Sat/Sunday morning so we'll have to try that some time.

It is places like Pastis that I hope truly survive more than the conglomorates.  Passion is evident here at Pastis.

UPDATE May 2009:  Went back and the fact that the owners remembered us was awesome -- up one more star for local goodness.  And live music on Saturday nights now!!
My husband and I have been to this restaurtant twice and I'm already planning a return visit.  Their pita bread is simply the most amazing bread I've ever had IN MY LIFE!  Desserts are awesome too!  Oh, and by the way, the young man that waited on us has to be the most handsome waiter in the east valley!  Go for the food...enjoy the scenery!
I went to Pastis today for lunch, and it was great!

I ordered the Madrid:
Hot sandwich with Prosciutto & turkey on toasted multigrain bread with sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomatoes and home made mozzarella.

It was delicious.

The restaurant is very cozy and the service was great!

I also got the soup of the day, the pablano pepper soup,
I am saving it for when I get home, but I am sure it was good.

The other two people I went with ordered the Pierogi which is ground beef and potatoes in some sort of fried bread/pastry.
She loved them!

And the other person got the Milano:
Grilled hot italian sausage with grilled onions, roasted peppers, provolone cheese, & a chipotle aioli sauce.
All said food was great!

If you have a chance to visit this place, do so, it is amazing!
We have driven by this place before when shopping at Dana Pt but have always eaten Before we drive by. 
Today we made it our Destination! We were so pleased!!

The atmosphere is calming and such that you'd just love to sit with friends and talk for hours. They even have outdoor seating with cushioned sofas!

I tried the Portabello Delight after seeing it delivered to the table next to us. I was having trouble deciding between...ok everything!...but after seeing the presentation on that dish I had to have it.  It's a huge, seemingly grilled portabella mushroom served upside down, delightfully filled with their homemade hummus and then crowned with a triangle of feta cheese. It's served with four toasted sliced of their yummy bread and grilled veggies...asparagas, carrots, tomatoes and string beans. Let me tell you this was Fantastic. 

My husband had the Milano. The sausage was just perfectly seasoned and the veggies were wonderful. The cheese was nicely melted...and stringie...fun to play with! (Ok not really!) But it showed how fresh it was!
It was served with a choice of sides and hubby had some of their slaw. Not too sweet or wet...just fresh.

The only bad part about the meal was we didn't have room for a crepe! Guess we have to go back!

Our waiter...which I believe was an owner kept checking on us to make sure we were satisfied and fulfilled...was very accommodating while we queried about their homemade mozzarella cheese. He said the chef makes it there every two days. They offer it for sale in their deli case so we bought some to take home.

We will definitely go back often!

I wish the B'fast menu was listed here...we forgot to look at it before we left!
We had lunch here and loved it.  I had the Sudjuk, a spicy beef sausage on a roll with hummus.  Very good.  My son had a kids plate.  The presentation was very nice on the kids plate, and his chicken tenders were very good.  He didn't want them, so I ended up eating them.  There's a small grocery section and we bought some fig preserves imported from France-- hard to find.  We'll probably hit this spot again next weekend.
I can't say enough positive things about this place. If you live in the EV, and are tired of Chili's, Applebee's, etc, you owe it to yourself to try Pastis. 

Although this is my first review, I use Yelp religiously on my iPhone to find great dining, no matter where I am. Try the Madrid sandwich or one of their stuffed burgers. The crepes will hit your waistline, but are some of the best I've had (I've eaten crepes at probably 10 places in Paris)
Excellent food and even better service.  These guys are like a hidden gem in Gilbert and I would recommend this place to anyone.
Here's a great, affordable place to eat.   The food is VERY good, very fresh and great presentation.  The staff takes pride in their establishment, it's clean and pretty chic looking.  The music was even 'chic', minimal jazzy European techno.

To top it off, I had the best turkey sandwich I've ever had there.  It was the Monte Carlo.  As best as I can tell it was quality turkey, lettuce, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette, bacon, a little mayo,and some kind of nuts on some very good bread.  

My girlfriend had the Portabella Delight, which was Portabella mushrooms covered with Hummus and Feta Cheese, with some nicely sauteed veges on the side.  Little pieces of toasted bread  on the side drizzled with Olive Oil...  She said, "It was perfect!"

For the two of us, we both had satisfying portions with coffee and iced tea and it was just 21 bucks. 

I will definitely go back to Pastis.
A breath of fresh air in a community unduly laden with Applebee's and Chili's. This place is worthy of local support for various reasons.

1) It's locally owned and operated.
2) Relative to other local offerings it offers something uniuqe.
3) The menu is solid.  Each sandwich or dish ordered was tastefully arranged with each ingredient complimenting the other.
4) Incredible Crepes.
5) Live music on the weekends that actually isn't that bad.

Here's to hoping that this place grows and finds a permanent home in the East Valley.
great place...food is always fresh, hot, and so so yummy....we order at least once a week for lunch and have been there for dinner...great great addition to a much needed area of town that has slim to none on restaurants worthy of spending your money at anymore...look forward to dining here for a long long time..
I have been to this restaurant 3 times in the last 3 months.  I cannot emphasize how great the food, atmosphere, serving staff, and owner are.  The salad is fresh.  The meat is regularly tender.  The sandwiches unique and delicious.  Even the dessert crepes (you get 2 with one order) are devine.

It is a welcome change from the chain restaurants all over the area.
stoped in for luch today first visit very quaint had the tuna salad lots of fresh vegtable great salad dressing good service.....................
Really cozy atmosphere! If you wanna try something new try the cevapi(chevapi), I went to Bosnia this summer and its the best cevapi Ive been able to find around here!! I also love their crepes! If you like to cook like I do you will also love that they have a little market area with food and prducts from Europe.
Yesterday Toni and I went to Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen. Not too many grilled items, and the market area gets smaller and smaller for each of our visits.  However, it's still a very pretty restaurant, with a slightly dark but comforting interior.  Thankfully, our frequent  visits are not about the market, or the classy and roomy interior, or even the ruggedly handsome owner of the restaurant Luca. It's about the Food!

I guess my lunch was pretty straightforward. I had a Palermo, which is genoa salami, cold smoked pepperoni, ham, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato & "special sauce" (tasted like a savory vinagrette). It came with a fruit cup. The sandwich was very hearty, the bread rustic, and a simple but satisfying lunch. Part of me was proud of going for healthy in eating the fruit cup, but then the cynical part of me reminded myself I had drank about a gallon of Sprite, which I can only assume is not that healthy. Definitely one of the better sandwiches I've had in the Valley.

Toni's lunch on the other hand was spectacular. She had pasta di diavolo, bowtie pasta with spicy italian sausage, fresh basil, crushed hot red peppers and creamy marinara sauce, sprinkled with fresh parmesan reggiano cheese. Wow. That sauce was what made this dish so heavenly. Toni let me finish hers off, but she is pretty light on consuming sauce so when it came to my time to step up to the plate (call my agent but let me assure you I consider my comedy routine an art form and not mere entertainment) I noticed there was a good portion of pure, unadulterated, heavenly sauce. With a frenzied look in my eyes, I spoon up the marinara , consume it feverishly, and eye with resentment the glistening remains of marinara on Toni's fork.

Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen really elevates my mood whenever I go. Besides the food, there is a very welcoming atmosphere here. It's the only restaurant we go to where we are encouraged to play Boggle! Luca said its because they want to create a relaxed atmosphere where people want to go to hang out as much as to eat. Mission accomplished.
I've been meaning to write this review for a while...

I love seeking out those special locally owned places to eat with my boyfriend that we can make our "go to" place when we want to grab a bite.  Pastis has never let us down.  Delicious food, a great selection. The first time we ate there I wanted something light.  I ordered the grilled balsamic portabella and boy oh boy was it really yummy!  I ate every bite and knew we had found one of those places we would be returning to.  The service is great, the owner is a really cool guy and yes he is charming as Phillip R. said.   The atmosphere is very comfortable and classy.  It has that special something about it.  We have recommended it to our friends and they agree with us that Pastis is the place to go when you want delicious food, a comfortable atmosphere and great service.
Went to Pastis in January and was terribly disappointed.

The service was awful; the waitress could not answer any questions about the menu.  She took our drink order (waters and beer). She brought our water and another couple came in(grand total of 3 couples in the restaurant).  The waitress then proceeded to take their order and spent 15 minutes with them bringing them different samples of beer.  After that she delivered our drinks and finally took our order.

When she initially took our drink orders (not our food order)she told us that certain appetizers were 1/2 price.  When we received our bill the appetizers were not 1/2 prize.  When we asked she told us the appetizers had to be ordered befor 7pm and we didn't order until after 7pm.  Of course we didn't order before 7 pm as she had spent 15/20 minutes with the other couple letting them sample beer while we waited to place our order.

The food was barely passable.  I asked the cook/chef LOL about the crab cakes and he assured me that everyone loved them and they were made in house.  Turns out the crab cakes were the 2nd worse I have ever had.  Either they were terribly made or they came out of a box frozen.

Also found out almost all the desserts other than the crepes are not made at the restaurant but are bought from somewhere else. As bad as the crepes were, they probably should have been bought somewhere else too.
The food here is really good! 
We sat outside on the patio. I liked the set up and the server was very friendly. We ordered our cocktails and took our time ordering. The waitress was very accommodating and not at all pushy. 
We decided to order two sandwiches and split them. The first was the Athena (hot pastrami) Rye bread with marinated slaw, melted Swiss cheese & French mustard. The other was the Madrid (prosciutto & Turkey) Multi grain bread, sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomato & homemade mozzarella. We ordered fries with one and slaw with the other. 
The Athena was really good, it was kind of spicy and I really liked that. The fries were homemade and had a sprinkling of cheese on them. 
The Madrid was really good as well. The slaw however, had a lot to be desired. It was soupy and nothing special. 
This is a great place to have a relaxing lunch and just enjoy the great weather. (Hurry before it gets too hot!)
we went here tonight for dinner, and i thought it had a lot of promise.  i wasn't really hungry so i ordered off the kids menu.  they charge you 2$ more and apparently give you more food.
i ordered the mac and cheese.  when i got it, it looked like cheese soup with some noodles in it.  it tasted very bland and like they had used american cheese.  i guess i was just expecting something on the kids menu to be a smaller portion of adult food as it is as most other places.
my family had a burger and pastrami sandwhiches.  the burger was pretty bland.  the sandwhiches were described as 'juicy', which was another way of saying soggy.  the fries had zero crunch, and about equal amounts of flavor.
perhaps the only good things were the coleslaw, which had a bit of apple in it, and a tiny sample of their soup of the day that i got.  it was cream of spinach which i didn't think would be good, but was actually quite delicious.  i wish i would have gotten that instead.
i think the only reason i would go back is to try their crepes.  i'm always a sucker for nutella and strawberries.
Just had lunch with the girls at Pastis. Sandwhiches were delish, dessert was better. Being that it's 72 and sunny in the Valley, we chose the patio, and it was just beautiful. Can't wait to go back!
I am really really trying to like this place.

The crepes are fantastic
The french Fries are very good

The sandwiches are great, but this brings me to my first complaint.

You cannot get them after 4pm on Friday and Saturdays. This is a Major problem for me, because thats when all my friends want to go to happy hour there, and it is a shame because that is the only thing I have found there that is worth the asking price (other than the crepes.)

I know it sounds like something small, but for me it is nearly a deal breaker.

 I ordered the steak once (16-17 bucks) and to be honest it was disgusting. It was way overly fatty, and the marinade was way too strong. I nearly sent it back.  one of the other people in my party also ordered it, and said he had better steak at a waffle house, and that is something coming from him, he is an accomplished eater haha.

I ordered the Stuffed burger once, and it was also not that great, and overpriced. The redeeming feature was the fries. I could not persuade myself to eat the whole burger, it just tasted off, and had something that was crunchy in it, it was weird.

The crepes, fries, and sandwiches are great, and the service is always really good, and so is the environment.  If they ditched the after 4pm thing on the sandwiches,  I would eat there once a week, instead of once a month.
I went to Pastis for dinner tonight and wasn't disappointed. Being a vegetarian I am never sure what choices I will have when I go someplace new. This menu had quite a few choices. I ordered the portabello burger, which came with homemade fries. Normally I don't eat fries but these were so good I easily ate half the serving. The burger was also very good and very filling. 
My waitress was friendly and attentive. My water glass was never more than half empty. And she was very accommodating when I asked if I could replace the mayo-type sauce with hummus. 
I highly recommend Pastis for dinner. I want to try going for lunch next time. They have some lunchtime-only sandwiches that sounded delicious. 
I also want to mention that the music was excellent - courtesy of Putumayo. It complimented the restaurant's casual European ambiance.
Sandwiches are amazing
Yesterday a girlfriend and I popped in for a late lunch...We were trying to decide where to meet up and I found this place on Yelp, so we decided to give it a shot.  It's an okay looking place-not fancy or trendy by any means, just a small mom and pop looking place.  Which I don't mind as long as the food is good.  

We ordered the hummus which was a good portion and comes with spongy, semi toasted bland bread.  it's a very light hummus, lacks in flavor a little bit, but that I didn't mind so much because that's the bad thing when eating a great hummus...you walk out smelling like...well, HUMMUS dragon breath lol.   

My friend had the chicken caesar salad (which was huge) and she didn't really say much other than the dressing was really oily, so I can assume it wasn't all that great.  I had the turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich.  I cook a ton, and make a pretty mean sandwich, so this sandwich was nothing special.  It was like something you would pick up from a gas station.  Cold, non toasted submarine bun straight out of a bag.  Crumbled beyond recognition, old tasting bacon stuck to the the top of bun with mayo from the jar, a piece of lettuce, tomato, and some middle grade deli turkey. The avocado was the  only decent thing on it. Came with coleslaw or fries, and I'm trying to limit my fried foods, so I opted for the coleslaw.  It was peppery, and not my favorite at all.  KFC has better coleslaw!  If you want a good sandwich-just go anywhere else but here!

At least this place had a full bar and we made up for it with great company/conversation, as well as a few martinis (which were just so-so) my girlfriend had to add sugar to her lemon drop.  The bartender didn't quite have her acid to alcohol ratio quite right.  I don't know about the other things on the menu, but I sure as hell don't want to find out!
The seating at the bar is nice when the weather permits. Food is OK. Everything is the San Tan Village area is "chain food", so a somewhat decent place amongst the others. Staff is not very friendly at the bar. Unfortunately not a lot of choices in the area, having a patio makes this place a better option than many of the others.
Since my visit to Paris over a year ago, I have been hesitant to have my way with a(n American) crepe. One afternoon with the food network changed my mind. A quick call to the husband and a colorful pep talk in the car, we decided to give Pastis a try. 

The first thing I noticed was the owner! Everything my fellow yelpers have said (and moaned) was true! Quite the stallion! 

Service was awesome. Friendly. Not overbearing. 

Cocktails were fruity and fun. The food was yummy but completely wiped from memory once the nutella and banana crepe (under $6) hit the table. Poor hubs barely got a nibble. 

We're heading down for happy hour this week! Seems like a deal!
I felt let down by my fellow Yelpers tonight.  After reading smashing reviews, my hubbie and I tried out Pastis for ourselves.  

We ordered the hummus.  It was so bland, we started referring to it as "chickpea paste."  If it wasn't for the block of salty cheese embedded in the middle, it would have been inedible.  Plus, on the website's menu, Saturday from 4-7 is happy hour and the hummus is supposed to be $4.  We were charged the regular price of $6 at 5:50 on a Saturday night.  (http://www.pastisaz.com/happyhour/)

I had a Barcelona sandwich.  I'm a vegetarian, and there weren't a lot of options on the menu for me.  I'm also allergic to avocados, and without the avocado on this sandwich, it's nothing special.  I thought that they would have beefed it up a little to make up for the lack of avocado, but a skinny sandwich did it make.  And the bread was yucky.  The fries were good though.

Hubbie's dinner was the Pasta di Diavolo which he thought was just okay, and definitely not worth the sixteen bucks they charged for the bowl of pasta (and nothing else to go along with the bowl of pasta).  His comment?  "It was a little better than Fazoli's."  

The service was decent.  It wasn't fantastic.  One thing that still bugs me is that I have no idea how to pronounce the name of the establishment. When we walked in, they didn't say "Welcome to Pastis!"  It's not like there were ten other people in the place either.  

To sum it up, we would definitely not recommend this place to any of our friends, and we will not be returning.  Wasted forty bucks.
Although still pretty good, the dinners we've had here that were sublime have downgraded to satisfactory.  This might be why after trying to stop by last night that Pasti's is now closed.  It was a nice run, and I'll miss them.
Had a great sandwich to go here one night...but its closed now.
Good bye Pastis, we'll miss you...
I've had lunch here and diner both times were very disappointed. Service was lacking in the FOOD just not taste good.
In a world where stripmalls and fastfood joints dominate the roadside with the same, tired, homogenous, uninspired victuals, it's nice to know that there are still places where you can get a solid meal "like your mother used to make."

You know, the kind of place where a stick-to-the-ribs lunch or dinner will fuel you up for a day of antiquing or biking or touristing in quaint places like Saint Jacobs, Ontario.  

Stone Crock isn't savvy or urbane or the kind of place to impress your prom date with or get a martini, but it's exactly the right place if you're looking for a solid meal featuring almost any cuisine one could expect.  Good fare, good service, good rustic ambience, good relaxation.  In the end, do we really need anything more?
We went here as a group of 33 ladies on this past week-end, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food, and the service at Stone Crock!! The Cream of Potato soup was amazing and the Servers were consistently filling up our coffees! Big Thumbs UP! Would definitely return!
My sister and I drove to St. Jacobs and poked in the cute craft shops.  We had a late lunch at the Stone Crock Restaurant.

We both had the buffet ... it was $12.99 each.  There was salad, mashed potatoes, double baked potatoes, turkey cacciatore, some kind of schnitzel, roast beef, turkey and dressing, sausages, corn, broccoli, etc.  It was okay, not great.  The "skin" on the gravy was kind of scary.  The roast, though, was surprisingly good.

There were pies for dessert but there was an extra charge ... we both passed.

It seems to be the kind of place that attracts busloads of older folk.

Our server took good care of us.
I've been here twice. Once it was day-after-party haven, the second time it was hosting out-of-town family gold. Both times we came here for the Sunday buffet brunch. I'm such a light weight that buffets are wasted on me. The place is perfect for the ravenous though. I especially like the omelet station! There's always roast beef (a hit with the fam), ham cut to order and a massive whole salmon waiting to be dug into. The dessert selection is quite extensive though not to my taste. Endless coffee, tea and oj does the trick for me. Though there are cheaper options ($17.99 for Sunday brunch), for value, and pure 'big business in small town' feel, I'm giving the Stone Crock a thumbs up.
An almost 'blink and you'll miss it' cafe with superb views of the castle, Blackcherry is a brilliant little place for a coffee and a chat in a relaxed and charming atmosphere. 

Food is locally sourced and generally brilliant although I have had a few occaions which i have been slightly dissapointed - but I have always returned, because the food is outstanding when they get it right, so it is worth the risk.

Blackcherry is a great little place to spend some time relaxing and generally just watching the world go by.
I came to Blackcherrys with some mates after a flat party near the Grassmarket earlier this year.  We were all feeling pretty rough, tired and peckish.  Luckily we came across this little cafe which offers delicious breakfast rolls all morning.  I went for a sausage and egg butty which was the perfect antidote to the hangover and - almost - made me feel normal again.  It only cost about £2.50 which is a bit of a bargain considering the area and the sausages were great quality and cooked to perfection.  
You get an enlightening view of the castle from inside Blackcherry as well and it'd be an ideal place to chill out with a cup of coffee and a cake.  The staff were cheery and the service was pretty quick, despite our visit coinciding with the pre-work rush.  
I'd definitely come here again as they have a great range of food and drinks as well as a nice setting to enjoy them in.
Quirky interior and quite a small place overall make for I expect quite an intimate experience when the place is full. Very friendly and efficient service too.


 Nice touch listing all their local suppliers on the menu before you even get to the dishes. Not though immediately obvious that it's a bit nouvelle so consequently my companions the othernight had only potatoes with their steaks.


 My leak and something fish cakes were a tasty starter and the main course of Asian Dumplings was very well made and so colourful it was almost a shame to eat it. Chocolate Brownies and ice cream went down well for dessert and the creme brulee was pronounced good too.


 Good selection of wine on offer and very keenly priced aperitifs (can't remember seeing 42 Below with a mixer for as little as £3 anywhere else). Definitely one to revisit.
Lazy Lohan's is a bistro with a difference in Edinburgh. My first visit was somewhat disappointing, they had not long opened and hadn't got a liqueur license yet so we had to bring our own, and service was slow. Plus we were the only diners. But my second visit, for lunch, was somewhat better. The food is good, really yummy and enjoyable, but again I was disappointed with the service. And the restaurant is tiny, very small. There are only around 6 tables in total, and I imagine it would be very cramped when full. However, whenever I walk past the bistro it never seems to be open. I get the impression it's the sort of place you need to book, and yes it's pleasant and the food is great, but the location and size is a shame. It has potential, a diamond in the rough.
Apart from the inexplicably bad name (is it a reference Lindsay Lohan, and if so, by God, why?), Lazy Lohan's is a unique find in Edinburgh. They're entirely committed to using local and organic ingredients, as well as seasonal produce and flavours, which means that the menu changes fairly regularly. They serve an exciting variety of simple and delicious fare.

Tina, the owner, is often around and will happily answer any questions you might have about the food. Their produce is sourced by Whitmuir Organics and is exquisitely fresh and tasty.

The space is small and intimate, though you could imagine on a busy day, it would easily feel crowded. I recommend going there for brunch on a Saturday, for a solid cup of coffee and french toast with caramelised bananas (you could add a side of bacon too). Reasonably priced, and lovingly prepared, it's a wonder why Lazy Lohan's isn't more well known.
I'd read about this place and was really excited about trying it out. Unlike a lot of places though, Pickled Green was every bit as amazing as I'd thought it was going to be. The concept is simple: tasty food that's both bikini and wallet-friendly. What's not to love?!

They only use seasonal ingredients which they can source locally, which explains the good vlue for money and also why the food is always really fresh. They have a list of these ingredients when you go in - at the moment it's courgettes, samphire, wood pigeon, courgettes and artichokes, but it means that the menu is changing all the time. This is particularly good if, like me, you plan to be heading back here very soon.

I'm not a vegetarian, but some of the veggie dishes on their lunch menu when I was there looked so good that I had to go against all my principles and order one. For my main course I went for the Broccoli Risotto with Watercress and Toasted Almonds, and it was definitely a good decision. If you're in a meatier mood, my friend had a pork fillet with caramelised apples and champ mash. Needless to say, I pinched a bit, and I still can't decide whose was the better choice.

For their lunch menu, you'll pay £10 for two courses or £12.50 for three... Whichever one you go for, you'll feel like you robbed them.
At first glance, Pickled Green looks very stripped down, shiny and new from the outside. That is only because they are new, and for an establishment just joining Edinburgh's eating scene they are doing exceptionally well.

They post up snippets of their high profile rave reviews in the window and on their signs, which can occasionally put me off eating in a place. But Pickled Green's contemporary surroundings are clean without being unwelcoming. And really, you sould be concentrating on the food - which is amazing!

With mouthwatering spinach, spring vegetables and soup, their lunchtime menu is an absolute treat. The majority of their food is locally sourced and they seem to regularly update their menu. I visited here with my friends and our meals were so tasty there wasn't a scrap left on any of our plates. There is also enough on the menu to appease veggies, no matter what time of the day you stop in for a dish!

The staff are friendly, the surroundings are relaxed and the chef is shit hot - not bad for its first year! A very welcome addition to Rose Street's good eateries, it's no wonder Pickled Green is tickling its customers pink.
It may not look much from the outside, but Pinkerton Smith is actually a surprisingly good little restaurant cum cafe with an emphasis on seasonal and fresh food. It has a slight feel of being aimed at the organic Earth Mother brigade, but don't let that out you off.

Wood pigeon might not sound the best, but it's far more tasty than munching on a disease ridden flying rat caught fresh from Waverley Station. The soups and vegetables are also pretty solid, and the fresh, natural taste of the scran ensures you feel healthy and alive rather than sick and bloated once you leave.

Prices get ramped up severely in the evening, so it's best to visit at lunch.
All pubs on Rose Street are more or less the same, but they're all brilliant.
As Marj has said, they have all their reviews stuck up on their windows, which is a bit arrogant yeah, but it works. If someone recommends it, I'll go, and that is exactly how I found myself in Pickled Green. 
It's a nice place, nicely decorated and nice friendly staff. The atmosphere is really good too, really chilled.
The food is good too, although that's second-hand information I'm afraid as I've only been for a drink. Rest assured, I'll come for something to eat!
Pickled Green is a great little restaurant serving traditional British food. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, Pickled Green is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

The inside of the restaurant is really contemporary and modern, with wooden floors and wooden tables and chairs, with lots of light and space. I came here for the first time just a few weeks ago for dinner, and the place looked great inside, but I found sitting on the wooden benches got really uncomfortable after a while and there was no back to them either, so after an hour or so I was itching to stand up. The dinner menu was pretty small, but there was a decent selection of options on it. I had the chilled pea soup to start which was completely amazing. It was the first time I had eaten cold soup, and I didn't think I was going to like it, but it was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. I then had salmon with new potatoes for my main course, which was equally beautiful. The salmon was cooked perfectly and there was a great wee sauce to go with it - yum! 

The prices are pretty reasonable too, with most main courses costing £7, and a three course meal costing £20 which is a good deal. Pickled Green is a great restaurant, serving delicious food, but you might want to be prepared to bring cushions with you for the uncomfy seats!
Super! Traditional Scottish plus contemporary gastro-pub. Go here.
This place just takes itself a little too seriously.

I like nice décor and surroundings just as much as anyone else when I go to a restaurant, but I really don't need to read about who designed it/what fabric they used for it/where this particular cushion was imported from in the menu. By definition, when I open the menu it's because I'm hungry and I want to eat.

After all their obsessive descriptions about every aspect of every single item that was within a mile radius of the restaurant, I couldn't help but suspect that they were doing it to dazzle you so much that you wouldn't notice if the food was mediocre. And it turned out I was right. I have no doubt that the ingredients were all grown especially for them and probably flown in on a private jet or something equally ridiculous, but there are so many other great food places along George IV bridge that I did feel a bit ripped off.

Being part of the Hotel Missoni, people will always eat here. Mainly because of it's reputation and because it's the kind of place that you can name-drop. But unfortunately the quality and style of Missoni clothes doesn't transfer to their hotel restaurants.
Everything about Hotel Missoni is newly stylish, immaculately finished, and trimmed with an edge of slightly eccentric fun, including Cucina, the Italian restaurant that makes up part of the hotel.

This is definitely a classy Italian dining experience, where you're served by smooth Missoni clad waiters, who are the kind of waiters that seem to glide along quietly doing their thing, not interfering too much with your meal, but making sure that everything is attended to nonetheless.

I had freshly made penne pasta with a pork ragu sauce, which was fantastic and full of flavour, followed by a good old glass vessel of Tiramisu, very much on the coffee tasting side of things, rather than the sweeter edge served up in some restaurants, and really, really good. This restaurant gets a no hesitation recommendation from me, although strangely for a Thursday night, normally a fairly busy evening in town, the restaurant seemed pretty quiet. Probably just a one off, because town didn't really seem that busy anyway on that particular evening, and sometimes it's better to have a bit of peace and quiet while you have some quality pasta and parmesan time.
When it comes to decor and ambience, Cucina would get 5 stars. 

Designed by Rosita Missono, it's a beautiful space that occupies a huge corner of the Hotel Missoni's first floor. Sunshine streams in through the windows and there's a mix of round booths and intimate tables centred around the never ending black and white sofa . The furniture and tableware are as delightful as the hotel rooms and everything from the linen to the wine glasses seems high spec. 

The problem is, the food and customer service are only 3 star. I went on a Wednesday lunchtime and couldn't believe how slow and unresponsive the waitresses were. It took twenty minutes to get our starters - of goats cheese and salad! - and when two of us were given under-cooked salmon as a main, nobody came and checked if we were happy with the food. Instead they simply waited til our last diner had finished and then cleared the plates away.  

Admittedly, we were only eating Cucina's Missoni a Mezzegoioni - two courses for £10, 3 courses for £13 lunch - but if the food had been great, we would have been tempted to go back in the evening and order from the full menu. As it is, we left feeling hungry and bemused. The bread and puddings were top notch but where were the fresh, seasonal ingredients we were promised on the menu? And where was the Missoni's usually excellent customer service? Having a vacation in Italy?
I am a fan, but only for a particular time and a particular occasion. Cucina is housed within Hotel Missoni. Its sleek, trendy, very central and very much a ladies-who-lunch, business meeting type place. Nice to clink a few glasses of bubbly in the evening too I imagine.

As I do before all pre-arranged lunch or dinners, I went onto their website prior to scout out what I could have. I know this isn't actually part of the restaurant but lordy the website is frustrating! It's all moving images, flashing colours, music, and it took me about 10 clicks to find the menu (I did eventually find it).

This level of trendy, sophisticated show-offy-ness does continue into the restaurant. The staff were all very friendly, and it had a quiet, nice buzz but it did feel very...showy. In particular when a very small waitress came out carrying a HUGE tray with our two small starter plates on it, with a much larger male waiter beside her took them off the tray and onto the table. Quite a lot of pomp and ceremony for soup and salad. But, as I said, they were friendly and seemed genuinely warm so whilst it was pompy it was pretentious.

The decor is also a bit...well it's not me. But hey, each to their own.

The reason for my four stars is the food was really damned good. I ordered the duck and orange salad to start, and chicken for main. But when the duck salad arrived and I realised how big it was I cancelled my main - and there was no fuss. The duck was so tender, although it MAY have been confit de canard which would explain why. But there was a lot of it. The orange sauce was lightly sweet but not overpowering. The little orange flesh dotted throughout the most delicious orange I've tasted out of season. And, like I said, it was a very generous portion.

I also tasted my dining companions baked hake with lentils. I didn't order this as I don't do lentils, but the hake was dreamy. So soft it, for want of a better and not overly-used description, melted like butter in my mouth. Had we been more intimate acquaintances I would have picked away at the plate more but felt it rude to eat half his main.

The coffee was VERY strong and small, so quite authenticly Italian then. It came with two sugar-covered gelatine sweets, I can't remember the name, but like very posh fruit pastilles. They were gooey-ish, turkish-delightish and a very nice touch.

This was definitely a 'foodie' experience. The rest of the place isn't my scene, but if I were to do a business lunch or office night out, or a celebration of sorts for a group of people I'd definitely consider it. I could happily eat all of that duck and orange salad again.
we stayed at the hotel and arrived late so decided to eat at the restaurant.  the homemade pasta, esp the tagliatelle bolognese, is outstanding.  al dente, good flavor, a very tasty basic pasta dish.  the other food was solid too.  whenever i see liver (not foie gras) on the menu, i order it.  they served it in cubes instead of whole slab of liver-shape.  i was afraid it would be overcooked since it was smaller pieces but it was very good.  lemon sole, roast chicken, all solid.  we liked the tagliatelle so much, we went back the next night too.  first night the bread basket was warm and fresh.  2nd night, the bread was dry and old.  oh well.  both nights, our pastas came out immediately then there was a very long lull before our main dishes came out.  seemed like a common theme with other diners too.  staff is very friendly tho.  restaurant is kinda noisy due to the oh-so-hip bar downstairs.
Rather underwhelming. The food doesn't match the quality of the uber-chic surroundings. We summed it up: "Cucina at Missoni delivers stylish dishes, but not the quality to match the elegance. The menu has some good ideas and some dishes that sound enticing, but suffers in terms of execution. There are many better Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, so we won't be rushing back there, any time soon."
Having been to Cucina twice in two days (!) - I must say I loved it there both times!

I went for lunch - set menu (2 course for £15) and really enjoyed both meals - although was not fond of the dessert the first time (tiramisu) so opted for a starter the second time.

So! For lunch - both times, it was pretty quiet.  We were seated quickly.  Both times, service was a little slow, but not from the kitchen which was fast (the waiter at one point mentioned they aimed for both courses in 45 minutes), taking orders, getting the bill etc was slow.  Not that I minded but  - I suggest if you are in a hurry for lunch - tell them so that they wait on a you a little quicker!

Decor! Well - for me, it's too busy! There are lots of stripes, zigzags and dots - which I'm sure are lovely for some - but actually at time made me dizzy! Ooops.

Heartily recommend and am now really looking forward for an occasion to go for dinner!
Okay, I'm not a big fan of Missoni or Rosita Missono.I think that the dining room looks like a television test pattern ran amok.  This emperor's-new-clothes fusion of patterns is a lot of hipster lite claptrap. The food, though, is top-drawer Italian, made and served by the paisani.  They made a beautiful Risotto Milanese and a potato-parmesan stuffed ravioli with a black truffle butter sauce that were foundational elegance della Cucina Italiana.  Bring sunglasses and enjoy the food. The hipsters will just think you're famous.  Reservations are best, or the host will ask you how fast you can mangia before he fills the table again.
Food: We ordered three starters (the octopus, the caprese and the zucchini) along with three entrees (the lasagna, the lamb and the ribeye steak).  Everything was delicious especially the lasagne.  For dessert we shared ice cream.

Drinks: We ordered one bottle of red wine.
 
Price: 105.25 GBP for three people.
 
Ambiance: The restaurant is very nice and wasn't very crowded.
 
Service: It was fine and our waitress was friendly.
 
Would I go back?  Yes, it's good food and convenient if you're staying in the hotel.
If you're looking for Serbian food in Las Vegas this is THE place to go.  Even if you don't care (or know) what Serbian food is, and if you're just looking for a huge plate o' meat, this is also THE place to go.  Serbians really, really love meat.  Like, all meat, all the time.

When I go to Prince, I'm usually with Serbs and we order the plate of meat for two (it's enough for at least three people).  It includes cevapi (Serbian national dish, looks like ground beef sausage links), chicken, beef, pork, and some cheese-stuffed thing I have yet to identify.  It's really good when you're in the mood for a serious dose of protein.  I've also ordered  the beef soup which, literally, includes like a pound of smoky beef roast.  It's insane.  You will leave this place doubled over in pain from the amount of meat you consumed.  I guarantee it.  This would probably be a great place for body builders to eat.

The only downside to Prince is that I always feel really intimidated walking in.  The restaurant is dimly lit inside and it sometimes feels like a "Serbian only" atmosphere.  But, if you feel self-conscious, just go outside to the patio seating and chow down on your cevapi.  The waiters are really nice and will make you feel welcome.  It's definitely an experience.
It's friday, I'm starving in my room after playing "the secret world" for 5 hrs; I decided to check yelp for something different. 
I've found this little niche near my place without pics and decided I've give it proper pictures. We all know without pics we're not going. 
I parked in the back because driving by in the afternoon sunset was difficult to see. Really must pay attention. 
The restaurant is cozy, clean, and the manager who greeted me was friendly; along with the staff. 
Since this is the first time being in a Serbian I asked to try their traditional foods. "stuffed cabbage(beef, rice and no tomatoes)", "cucumber salad with tomato and feta cheese", and "cordon bleu"(baked stuffed pork(homemade cheese, and ham with sour creme) along with a special homemade dipping sauce(bell peppers, tomato, garlic all hand chopped and cooked really long to make it pasty and purée). 
Appetizers are around 7ish and entrees are about 15ish. 

overall, the stuffed cabbage and cordon bleu hit the spot. :)

Anyways check out the pics and if you want to try some European Serbian food this is the spot. 

4 stars meets my standards for cleanliness, atmosphere and the only Serbian restaurant I know out there so I cannot compare.
Amazing!!!! The čevapčiči (sausages) are out of this world!! Best I ever had outside of Europe...by far! Fresh Bread a bottle of Karlovačka (beer) and great service...how can you loose?
The wife and I attended the soft opening today. The restaurant bills itself as French Inspired, but I noticed traditional Italian, Greek, as well as American fare. We started with a delicious Greek salad, full of olives, sweet yellow/red cherry tomato's, and feta. We tried the calamari, tender and succulent. The wife raved about her Seafood Risotto, served with shrimp, mussels, and diver's scallops. I had the osso buco over risotto. Delicious. The meat was tender, moist, and very flavorful. We ended up sharing a slice of ricotta cheesecake. Light and airy. I prefer a dense cheesecake, but all cheesecake is good. Unfortunately the wife and I rarely drink, but our waiter did mention 57 wines being available for service. We hope to return in about a week or so to see if the menu has changed. And we shall see if I can award Bistro 57 a fifth star once we have tried a few more dishes.
Initially I had to say I was bummed out that Pasta Cucina had to go because they had great food at great prices, all in a very beautiful restaurant. Well after dining here tonight, I'm like Pasta Cu-watchamacallit?! This new place has an awesome menu, mostly French inspired dishes along with some other things such as pasta as well.

Prices are unheard of! The average entree was $10-$15 with the most expensive thing on there being $24. Their sides which include grilled asparagus and haricot verts range from $3-$4. You can't find these prices anywhere else around the Vegas area!

I ordered the shepards pie which was huge. Very tasty with nice chunks of carrots, peas and onion. It had the slight taste of red wine which compliments the ground beef so well, all topped with mashed potatoes. There's just something so comforting about eating a meal with a spoon. And all this was only $10!

I tried the french onion and my friend ordered the potato leek soup and both were amazing. I'm already torn about which one i'm gonna get next time I'm there. 

My friend ordered spaghetti bolognese with meatballs. The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente and the sauce had a generous amount of meat. We both are so used to meat sauces not having enough meat so that's why she ordered the meatballs. Next time, we'll know that it won't be necessary because for once we found a place that actually serves up a meaty meat sauce. Go figure, right?

To top it all off, we had the marscapone cheesecake that didn't stand a chance against us even though we said we were "full." It was too irresistable. Not as rich and dense as traditional cheesecake but that's what I loved about.

Service was awesome, shout out to Skyler! Manager and Chef came by to check on us. They even gave us a complimentary app of garlic bread with marinara that had a huge glob of goat cheese in it. They really are generous here. You are getting way more than your money's worth.

I can't wait to come back and try all the other things on the menu which included escargot, a real nicoise salad, beet salad, monte cristo, just to name a few. BTW they are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
I've eaten at this place twice now, once at breakfast and once at lunch. Breakfast is 7am-11am, FYI.

The breakfast menu isn't large by any means but it has everything you could want. I got the bagel with cream cheese and lox (smoked salmon). The bagel isn't a large one but it's just right. The lox is amazing. It's the best lox I've had on this side of the country and the best I've had since I went to a mom-and-pop bagel shop in NYC. The lox slices are large enough to cover the entirety of the bagel and then some. They also gave a more than ample amount of cream cheese. They also have a scrambled eggs and lox with caramelized onions and toast. It looked and smelled very tasty but I didn't get to have any.

For lunch I had the fish and chips. The chips were magnificent and the fish was perfectly cooked in a light breading. The chips had a crispy outside and a potato-y center and cooked just right. I don't know what kind of fish they use but it's probably cod or tilapia.

With both breakfast and lunch I had their caramel macchiato. Way better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean! Had just the right mix of flavor between coffee and caramel.

The serving sizes aren't small but they're not overly large, either. You'll get a decent full but not too full off the serving sizes.

The servers and management are very friendly and provide great service. The prices are some of the best for this style and calibre of restaurant in town. I couldn't recommend giving this place a try at least once!
Yum! Came here for lunch. I got the Sarano Ham sandwich, my husband got the shepherd's pie. While both entrees were delicious, the shepherd's pie was to die for!!! I will be back to try out the breakfast. :-)
A new restaurant with some of the rough edges showing. I'll give them another shot.
This place is just what the Aliante Station needs.  Great food and generous portions at a fair price. 

The table and seat were dirty and sticky when we arrived but this wasn't discovered until after the stickiness was transferred to our arms and clothing.  The waitress was apologetic and she did her best to clean the table but really it whoever bussed the table should have noticed and taken care of it before we were seated.

 The escargot appetizer was one of the best I have ever had.  Just the right amount of garlic and mushrooms. The chewy lightly toasted bread was a nice touch.  

Fish and chips were made fresh with just the right amount of batter and cooked to perfection.  Apparently the tarter sauce is made fresh also as witnessed by the fact it arrived about 10 minutes after the dish was placed on the table.  The "chips" were a meal and prepared in a way that is hard to describe but incredibly delicious.

The osso bucco was decent.  A  generous portion but a little gristly. The flavor was very good but the texture was "different'. The dish was accompanied by mushroom risotto.  I am not a huge fan of risotto and this rendition  didn't change my feelings. The flavor was nice but the mushrooms were a bit chewy.

The marscapone cheesecake was incredibly light and full of flavor.  Despite the fact that we were stuffed, we devoured every morsel of this delightful dessert. 

Overall it was great meal and I intend to be a frequent customer.
This was my first time trying their breakfast and just the same as their lunch/dinner, I loved everything!

I still can't get over the quality of food at such great prices. We had lox and bagel and it was just outstanding. The lox was good and plentiful but the best part about it was it came with heirloom tomatoes! You shoulda seen how big my eyes got when the server put down the plate. Oh, that yellow tomato tasted as good as it looked. It was so fresh, sweet and delicious--what a pleasant surprise to have heirloom tomatoes with my breakfast! The quiche Lorraine was really good with a perfect, flakey crust. It came with a side of field greens in a simple citrusy dressing.

I can't say enough good things about this place. It's the best thing that's happened to NLV. I hope they continue to be able to put out high quality food at these incredible prices for long as they possibly can. I will be back. A lot.
Salad had dish soap in it opening weekend. Give them a few months to work out the kinks.
The first time my husband and I went he had the shepherd's pie and it was AMAZING. We went back tonight and ordered the shepherd's pie again and was very disappointed. It was still tasty but not as good as the first time we had it. The service was great.
Service was as expected. Price was very reasonable. Atmosphere was comfortable and tasteful.
That said, the coffee was bitter, the breakfast croissant was very, very greasy and the cheese that was used seemed like processed cheese.  The egg on the croissant had a crusty edge , but yet egg was cooked over medium as requested (pan was too hot). The potato wedges that were served on the side were just as greasy and had almost no seasoning.
The french toast w/fruit topping was better, but over cooked for most people. I happen to like it a little on the crunchy side, but few would as the egg starts to scorch and taste bad.
Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.
With respect to Mary P., our experience with this place was quite the opposite.  We went on a Friday night with a craving for Fish and Chips.  The table was clean, good location, no cigarette smell, but we sat, and waited...and waited...and waited.  It was not crowded by any means, busy perhaps, but not crowded.  Finally, our waiter arrived, took our drink order, then we waited...and waited...and, you guessed it, waited.   My martini came a bit warm, and my wife's cosmo tasted as if it had little liquor in it.  I had specified Stoly, and could not be sure it was.  Our waiter was accompanied by a floor manager who asked how everything was...couldn't tell him musch because we had nothing as yet.  When our Fish and Chips finally arrived (shortly after our appetizer-can't recommend the calamari either), I ordered another and asked the waiter to make certain the bartender used Stoly.  A bit of a shorter wait later, our drinks came and lo and behold, the martini was crisp and cold, and the Cosmo tasted like a cocktail.  Draw your own conclusions.  The chips in the Fish and Chips are very thin, and somewhat tasteless.  They quickly become cold and inedible.  The fish was ok, not too much breading, but again, lacking flavor.   The Alliante is clost to our home, but from now on, we'll stick with The Market.
I am getting sick and tired of restaurants in this economy that don't know how to treat a customer.  It is not like they are over flowing with customers at best 1/4 filled.  I ordered the Croque Madam  when it came out the egg yolk was ice cold.  I asked the waiter if he could replace the egg.  Rather than just bring out a new sandwich the waiter came out and essentially blamed me and said the cook said that the egg was not cold.  Now I am irritated and ask to speak to the manager, a few minutes later, the so called executive chef comes out and continues to insult me.

Don't waste your time with this restaurant, food is sub par the executive chef is clueless and the service is even worse.  They should just close the entire Aliante Casino.  It is one of the worst Casinos to eat at or gamble at.
The service was terrible, the food was adequate and we won't be back. There were only a few tables seated but the servers were absent most of the time. It was a horrible experience.
We were staying at the Alliante Hotel and decided to try this place for breakfast. Diamond was our greeter both mornings we were there. What a pleasant and efficient gal!

Our meal was excellent on both occasions. Hey locals, check this place out if y ou love bagels and lox and all the fixings. $5  Yep, $5 for the whole deal. Are you kidding me?? This has to be the best deal going!

Check it out, I know you will like it!
Very nice interior design, but I think their menu isn't that great. It is very limited, pricey, and the food quality doesn't live up to the price you pay for your meal. We came in as soon as it opened, and the service was very sluggish. I was always running low on water, and I had to battle for the watress' attention to get a refill (when we were practically the only people there). 

I ordered their crispy calamari tossed for $8.00. It was mixed with black peppers. It was good, and the gave it a different flavor to the typical calamari appetizer. I also ordered the chicken milanese with arugula salad and asparagus for $14.00. That was ok. The breading on the milanese was indifferent and I only had 4 pieces of asparagus (and I love asparagus). 

I think my experience was just a one time only deal. I just feel like the service didn't make up for the quality in their food. The hostess seemed confused , on top of being on her phone upon checking in. The manager was nice enough to offer us free dessert, and I thought that was a very nice gesture of him.
Is this place is awful! Wow. Haven't had that bad of a meal....ever. Calamari was the worst I've ever had. I managed to choke down my Greek salad but how can you mess that up.
Service was top notch. Breakfast was great and to the detail wife had steak and eggs and I had scrambled eggs with toast coffee was very good. Will be back
very friendly and comfortable dinning area
Very quick service. Glass was never half empty. Friendly people. Ate the angle hair with basil and added chicken. Needed a little salt but could definitely taste the basil. Plentiful. They also offer a large wine menu. Great ambiance.
What a dump!
Food was dreadful.
They did not even offer a replacement for the pile of mush they described as seafood risotto
The seafood was grilled separately to a rubber weapon consistency and wrapped around the edge
The Manager was worthless 
Stay away!
We were planning to have a movie and dinner night.  I was also craving for some escargot so we ended up in Aliante.  I was excited to have a French restaurant close to home.  

So we ordered escargot and got osso buco.  I was torn between croque monsieur and steak frites because those were some of my favorites when I went to Paris.  The escargot was all sorts of weird.  Escargot only has a few components: snails, garlic, clear butter and sometimes parsley.  Their version had all sorts of garbage: tomatoes, pancetta, creamy butter, mushrooms and yeah, snails.  I was extremely disappointed but I was hoping my entree would be better.

Knowing this was at a former Station casino, I decided on getting steak frites because that would be hard to mess up.  Boy, was I wrong!  I like my steak medium rare.  They served me a dry well-done piece of carcass.  I was going to suck it up and eat it anyway but the friend insisted I get the right steak the way I ordered it.

The osso buco with risotto was sad-looking.  It was a brown lump of blah with a petrified rosemary twig.  It wasn't as tender as it should be.  We were already done eating by the time I got my second steak.  This time, my beef wasn't extra dead.   The steak frites was edible but not good.  I've never had steak I didn't finish or take home until last night.

The service was great.  Our server, Kris, was polite and helpful.  The manager came to our table to apologize for the steak mishap and comped our creme brulee.  If this review was just based on food alone, I'd give them 1 star but they get a bump because of the service.

This place used to be an Italian restaurant and should've stayed that way.  Bistro 57 calls itself "European-inspired" but the food was absolutely uninspired.  I wish I could say the food was forgettable because believe me, I'd rather forget I ate here.
Bistro 57! A French style restaurant hiding inside Aliante Casino.

From reading other reviews, I wasn't expecting too much truthfully...but I had a deal on this place, and decided to check it out!

Started off with Escargot:

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA#snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA

It's simple with Garlic Butter with Crostini and wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. A little chewier than I've had in the past, and the flavors didn't really pop. Can't really recommend the escargot here.

I went with the Osso Buco with Porcini Risotto :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A#CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A

The Veal is cooked perfectly, and is super tender...just pulled apart with a fork! But the risotto was very heavy...like a mushroom gravy, and was not amazing in my book. It's the first time I've had this dish, so I can't compare...but I thought it was just "ok"

Also tried the Grilled New York Steak with Pommes Frites & Arugula Salad :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ#ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ

First steak came out well done instead of medium rare...second came out perfect. It was a decent steak, but hard to compare to all the great steakhouses in Vegas!

And to finish, Creme Brulee of course! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw#z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw

The management comped the dessert since the steak was overcooked, and this was a large portion, plenty big for two to share. Yummy!

Overall, this place was good but not great. I felt like it was a little spendy for what it is, but since I had the deal here, it was still worth the money. Just can't say I will be back anytime soon
We came here for a Free ice coffee and Caramel Macchiato for $1 on a Friday morning. 

- Avoid the resort fee and get your free Wi-Fi here. 
- Nice seating. Good place to take a break from it all. 
- No real complaints about the coffee since it was free. Staying at the hotel, they give you free vouchers for coffee and $2 off specialty coffee drinks. 
- Starbucks taste better. Needs to be stronger.
We were pleasantly surprised by the appearance.  Although we should have been forewarned that on a Sat at 11:30 place was empty!

Food was very avg salty tuna
Croissant sandwich
OJ was a bit tart
Coffee was like water
Croissant sandwich was fine. Fruit on the side was sour. 
Service VERY SLOW
Had to ask for breakfast menu
I am not a big breakfast eater, but Bistro 57 might just change that.  Today I had the BEST breakfast I have had in years. 

The Steak and egg breakfast was sublime. The steak;though thin was cooked to perfection and nicely seasoned. The over easy eggs also perfect and the hash browns where a delightful combination of onions, black pepper and a hearty potatoes.

 Breakfast was also served with toast... ahh the toast.  I am not sure what kind of bread it was but it downright delicious.  The texture was crisp yet chewy with a delightful flavor and consistency. The toast was  perfect for dipping in my over easy eggs and even better with just a smear of jam.

I rarely give 5 star ratings, but the food service and atmosphere of Bistro 57 deserve it.
We ate breakfast here and my toast was cold, my potatoes were cold, and my hot tea water was barely warm. The only choice of jelly they had was grape and I don't like grape. We are locals and we will not try this place again! I am sure it will probably be out of business soon anyway.
My fiancé and I are locals and we visit the Aliante frequently. We were pleasantly surprised by the nice ambiance with live music and modern decor. However, we were never greeted when we walked in so we just chose a table in the bar area. We only ordered appetizers and drinks. The glassware smelled musty and was reused when we ordered the second round. The service was forgetful and unprofessional. The food WAS tasty, especially for the pricing, and arrived quickly after ordering (sometimes good and sometimes not). Although we enjoyed the food and ambiance, we most likely won't be coming back to Bistro 57.
Friday night and only 7 tables full. Maybe because what is on the menu is not what they serve. We ordered the appetizer 'Artinasal cheeses with apples, grapes, and assorted crackers' for$12 - received water crackers (no assorted), 4 kinds of cheese (gouda, brie, pepperjack, a soft spreadable cheese), 2 strawberries, raisins, and honey. I could have gone to my local grocery store for this. Rest of the food was average. Not surprised this location has had so many different restaurants.
am an aliante local and also a business owner that takes clients to the aliante casino very often!  took friends there tonight for dinner!  waited over an hour for drinks.....and then the food was raw......yuk  seafood! and potatoes! complained to mangers randy and joe!  they comped a $10 pizza and charged the rest after 3 hours!!!!!  terrible restaurant....service and management!!!  avoid the place!!!!  4th time in 2 weeks that they have run out of chardonnay wine!!!!!   and very few customers...so thinking they just don't have chardonnay!!!
Three and a half stars. A French restaurant in our end of town? Hmmmmm We ate here for breakfast. The prices had obviously went up on the buffet since it's not a stations casino anymore. So we ventured into this place next door. Wow was this ever a pleasant surprise. The eggs Benedict were done to perfection. The croissant was I am sure, baked in house and the potatoes had unique but great flavor. I had tea so I didn't try the coffee .... All this for the price of less than the buffet. This meal was great and a very nice surprise!
Family and I enjoyed the appetizers, salad and variety of pizzas.  Server Ben was attentive, personable, and fun.
This place is ok! There's nothing that screams out about it.... Nothing too special. The environment is nice and so was the service, but it was missing something and I can't put my finger on it!
We have breakfast here once in awhile.  It's good and the menu had different items than a typical breakfast menu and that makes it fun. It's nice quiet too. Relaxing.  The gourmet coffees are great.
We were SO impressed with bistro 57! 

We came here for my birthday dinner, wanting something a little nicer than the buffet for a change. Wasn't sure how it would rate, a lot of places in North Vegas LOOK great but can't back it up with their food. That was NOT the case here! We were seated at a very elegant booth and a great waiter (Brandon?) took really excellent care of us. 

We ordered two glasses of Merlot, the goat cheese-marinara garlic bread appetizer and some bruschetta to start. Heavenly. BIG portion appetizers, fresh ingredients and beautifully presented. Wow! We followed it up with a lasagna dinner entree. So fresh and flavorful, one of the best lasagnas out there. 

Our waiter was perfect: not over bearing, not ignoring us....just the perfect level of attentiveness and that made for a perfect dining experience. That's experience for you, it shows. Especially loved that the chef came out into the dining room and greeted each table asking about the food. Nice guy, very genuine! 

I am coming back often. The food is superb and the service was outstanding. Loved it!
My wife and I have been to Bistro 57 before and we've always been happy. Tonight was one of the best meals we've ever had there. My wife and her friend had pan fried sole - cooked to perfection. Both said it was very good. I had the Chicken Milanese - the portion was huge (I brought home almost half of the chicken). The chicken was beautifully sauted. It's pretty easy to over cook a chicken fillet but this was perfect; tender and moist. My wife and I had the pomme frittes and they are a treat (our friend ordered the grilled asparagus so we shared the pomme frittes).

I started with French Onion soup just because I like it. It seems easy to make bad French Onion soup - I've had some that's too salty, some that's too bland - so I have to think there's a secret to getting it just right. Bistro 57 knows the secret.

The killer, the end to a perfect meal, was the cannoli. Sometime in my long life I must have had a great cannoli because I keep trying them wherever I can find them and I am always disappointed. Not this time. Without a doubt these were the best cannolis ever - crisp shell and the filling was just right.

Chef Francesco visited our table a couple of times to make sure we were happy. A very personable man. We were all very impressed with Bistro 57. Chef, who is from Southern Italy, says he's going to try new things. We can hardly wait.
Food was spectacular. Mom had the french onion soup and the caprese. Tomatoes were fresh, as was the mozzarella, and it was a good, rich balsamic. I had the caesar saad, whuch was tasty and creamy, and the lasagna, which was creamy and yummy. Service was fast and friendly. Chef came by to make sure everyone was happy. Small but decent wine list. For you locals, this is one casino restaurant you need check out.
Exceptional food.  Exceptional service.  Fantastic food. Beautiful presentation.  We were lucky to find this place for lunch being its their first time opening for lunch as they usually only open for dinner.  The
lunch menu is essentially the same as dinner , at half the price we went with a pre-fix of starter and main
for €8.50 and finish full,
completely satisfied, and still had room for desert.  The chef owner Matthew and his lovely wife Carla came out and talk to us for quite some time, and gave us wonderful tips on what to do for night life (George Street).  She even gave us a complimentary cherry with the desert.  This place is a definite 5 stars on food quality, beautiful presentation, exceptional service, and at such a fair price.   Thank you Matthew & Carla.
We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.

We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).

We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.

Recommended.
Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.

It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.

The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.

I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.

The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.

I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.

So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."

(P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway. 

My reasons:

1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start. 
2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers. 
3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish.
4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices. 
5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm... 

I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
I really enjoyed my steak at The Atelier restaurant. I really enjoying the lovely company. I enjoyed the ambiance and decoration. And the staff were very friendly, genuine and eager to get feedback.

The menu is small but offers some interesting choices. Smoked venison, scallops, raviollo. My scallops were delicious, very fresh and well cooked. The raviollo was well received, although all agreed that one ravillo was a little too small.

My steak, which I ordered rare, as a generous size and very well cooked. A conversation ensued about the varying degrees of "rare". It wasn't French rare (ie, still blue and cold inside!) but it was still deliciously bloody and I was very, very happy. Nice chunky chips, and both the chips and steaks were well seasoned.

However, there were a few things I think that will improve as they settle into themselves more.  As Laura D mentioned, there were lots of little fruit flies constantly buzzing around. They kept landing on my glass, they fell into two people's glasses. I'm not fussed by one fly, but there were a lot of them and they were constant, and a nuisance. It's not what you want to see or battle against throughout a nice dinner.

Also, the prices and portion sizes. £7 for a starter, that then is two scallops. Well, that is fine dining prices and portions. And the same for one raviollo. It's not to say that the food wasn't worth the price, but those portion sizes for starters are normally for Michelin starred dining, and very fine dining. I think its relaxed fine dining, so could do with just a little bit larger portion sizes.

The staff are lovely, and open to feedback. I really enjoyed the interior of the restaurant. On a wet, September evening, the warm brick walls, the candle light, and nice company made it a lovely evening. Hopefully the fruit flies were a one-off, the portion sizes of the starters might grow slightly, and they continue to serve delicious steaks and other mains!

I wish them every success, and will return to try the lunch menu soon.
The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up. 

Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
I'll try not to repeat what other Yelpers have said already.

I really like this place - yep there is stuff to iron out but the staff genuinely want customers to love what they do and really want to take the feedback on board.

The menu changes regularly and there are tempting options. I agree with Jenny and Laura that the prices could come down - I would say about £2 on each course. That would bring it into line with the casual fine dining vibe of The Bon Vivant.

Presentation is beautiful and plates uniform which when you've got a group is essential - nothing worse than 'you've got more sauce than me!' if you think your food is dry. I had the carpaccio of venison - slightly overdone but meat was still beautiful. I also really enjoyed my main, pork 3 ways - the pork fillet (first piece was over done but the second was a lot better). The pork belly was good as the fat just melted away and the pork cheek was delish! I also loved the cinnamon apple sauce. The puy lentils came in a cute casserole dish - no complaints here as this is a dish I cook myself (minus the evil celery).

The kitchen is small and I suspect they were a bit overwhelmed as it was busy for a post festival Thursday night with most diners arriving around the same time. Toilet spacious and clean which is always a good sign!

So all in all, I'd go back to see how they are bedding in. The menu has great options (staff will advise on gluten free, etc) and the presentation and flavours are fantastic so I'm hoping The Atelier has a future in this part of town :-)
We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurant
opening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work.
The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding.
Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out. 
We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
Upping Atelier to four stars after an enjoyable lunch there this week. The lunch menu was £12 for two courses or £15 for three, which seemed an excellent value for the quality of food. You have three choices for each course. The mains included a meat, a fish, and a vegetarian dish. 

Before our first course the waitress delivered a carafe of ice water (yay, no need to ask for refills) and two slices of warm, crusty bread with a tasty pesto dipping sauce. 

The pacing of the meal was a little on the slow side for a lunch. It was fine for us because we were not in a hurry on this particular afternoon, but for folks on a limited lunch break, this might be a problem.

My lentil, spinach, and chick pea curry was enjoyable as a main. I followed this with the cheese plate, which was nice except for the fact that the cheeses were served at refrigerator temperature (oh, the horror).
Visited Atelier on my daughter's birthday. The food was delicious, the service subpar. The filet was beautifully broiled and juicy, the duck delicious, the two fish plates nicely done. The chips were fat and fantastic.

The service was not up to standard for any restaurant, much less one of this pedigree. 

First: I had specified that this was a birthday dinner when requesting the reservation. I didn't expect anything special necessarily, but my experience is that most restaurants will have a special touch - a candle on a free desert perhaps. When we arrived, the maître de mentioned the occasion, but then the waiter asked if we had brought a cake, because as he explained, they don't usually do anything special. We did not have a cake in tow. He then whispered "no worries, we'll do something..." but something never happened.

From then forward, there were long delays between ordering and food arriving, desert menus and subsequent orders, and then finally, the bill. 

It is a small dining room but perhaps they need to increase the waitstaff by a person or two so that the quality of service matches the meal itself.
As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it. 
Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o) 

I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.