i like lai lai's a lot, but my lady is not the biggest fan (she says it's not spicy at all, even when she gets extra red chili oil, which is lame, she just said). i don't really like spicy so that's probably why i like this place, because their sweet sauce is pretty awesome.

they have the best noodles that i have found at any mongolian place in the valley. the worker lady is super nice and always acts like she remembers me, which rules. their pineapple is too big, though. it seems impossible to find good pineapple in phoenix.

also, it's a little expensive. and they don't let you take leftovers even if you just get one plate. to-go orders are priced by weight.
Good food on the Mongolian bbq front the chinese didn't look exceptional but that's not why I went.  Staff was very friendly.  Doesn't quite compare to the Mongolian bbq that I'm used to in the SF area in California but for being in the desert it wasn't bad at all.  Well priced and worth checking out just for something different.
I have been coming to Lai Lai's for many years now and have never had a bad experience!  The food is always great, and if you mess it up you have no one to blame except yourself since you decide what all you want in your bowl lol.  Sometimes I don't make it in for a year or so but the staff always remembers me and that makes me feel very much at home.  Lai Lai's is great!
I was hoping that this would be a great place near to my home for Mongolian BBQ, but unfortunately it didn't quite hit the mark.  There are much better options in the valley
First off I thought I had already review Lai Lai but I guess not. 
Had I reviewed it I would have given it a solid 3.

Now I want to give it a zero. 

I don't know what happened but the Mongolian BBQ no longer exists. The hubs and I went in there this past Friday and it was all ripped out. 

They tried to get us to stay to order off the menu, which was just Chinese food...I reallllly wanted Mongolian BBQ. 

So sad. They are right down the street from us. No more Lai Lai for me.
I love this place. You pick whatever meats, veggies, and noodles you want. Then they grill it up for you. I usually take it to go they charge by the pound. It's enough for 3 meals. If you eat there it is buffet style and you can't take leftovers. Good food!

I went to Lai, Lai after I started my review and they changed EVERYTHING! No more buffet, or Mongolian grill. They only offer eat in or take out Chinese food. They do have great taste, but we are very disappointed to find out about the change.
I was sad to come back to lai lai's and they no longer had the Mongolian :( boo,, but i took my mom there and we were starving so we decided to order off the menu. My mom is allergic to  msg and they helped us with what we should order. and she didn't get sick!! woo hoo.. we ordered three dishes and an appetizer to share between her , my bf, and myself, and we stilll brought food home, and I dont think we spent over $30 bucks for all that food!! it was very good to! i love good cheap food!! Ill be back, they are always friendly.
YC's is a do-it-yourself Mongolian BBQ.  You just grab a bowl and start throwing the mixin's.  There is a wide variety of meats and veggies, noodles, etc.  You even mix your own sauce.  

I had only been here once before (at the Scottsdale location) and made a rookie mistake of not adhereing to the recommended portions as far as mixing sauce goes.  

My meal ended up tasting like a bowl of melted twizzlers, but it was no one's fault but my own.  

This time I got it right though, and at $7 (lunch) for the meal its not bad (pack lots of food on your bowl!  It "shrinks" when it is cooked).  You can even pay an extra dollar and even go at it all-you-can-eat style, but I have never personally progressed past the first serving....(I think there is also free frozen yogurt, but again, always too full).
It's inexpensive healthy eating. They cook up the food with mostly water on a very hot flat grill (also cooks with the sauces you pick).  This may be the one place that's healthier than eating at home some nights and is a good value.
I was so very disappointed. My experience with mongolian bbq has always been great - lots of fresh choices, cooked and chopped on a sizzling griddle, then piled high, piping hot in a bowl.

YC's was the antithesis of this experience. Old, bland ingredients, limited choices, no broad array of sauces and spices to spruce up your bowl with. I couldn't even bring myself to finish one bowl.

To make matters worse, the place has all the atmosphere of a warehouse.
I LOVE this place. The service is always excellent, the place is eternally clean, and you go home knowing that your arteries aren't turning to steel. And I love that they are usually playing classical music in the background. Plus, you get free refills, free soft serve/yogurt, free soup...love it. 

The trick in getting the most for your money is to pile the meat/veggies a couple of inches ABOVE your bowl, because it really cooks down once the guy throws it on the big griller for you.
we've heard a lot about this place, and finally went there, and it kind of sucked. hardly any sauces, and it's totally ugly inside. also, i'm not sure if the girl working at the front is even old enough to avoid child labor laws.

their pineapple was bad.

lai lai is way better, and so is genghis grill. avoid this place.
= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

Stopped in here for lunch today with Norm R.  The descriptions of the place in Scott & Iain's reviews mostly matched what I saw, so I won't cover the same ground again.  This veggie selection is a little larger than you usually see at a (no extra charge) Mongolian BBQ within a Chinese buffet restaurant, but you pay a lot here & yet miss out on the 50 to 100 other items you would have had available at the Chinese place.  Also, the Chicken Vegetable Soup was only lukewarm.

Lunch:  $7.39 (no seconds allowed), or $8.39 (seconds ok).  All in all it was ok, once.
The establishment is spacious, the decor minimal. I do like the location; you'll never have any problems parking in any of the shopping complexes of MetroCenter. And no, the area is definitely not ghetto - I lived and studied in the South Bronx for years; I know what ghetto looks like.

 The ingredients are really fresh, the service is OK. I do wish they would could cook the lo mein noodles a bit more, it was too al dente for me; but I guess that's a compromise for avoiding overcooking the veggies and the meats. Being used to getting more choices during my buffet excursions with Rand H., I found 9 bucks (tax included) a bit steep; but this allows you repeated passes through the food line. I recommend paying for just one pass-through for the food line (a buck cheaper) and then doing what the ASU students have become experts at, in YC's in Tempe: pile your bowl high with ingredients, press 'em down, then pack on some more.
Very good Mongolian BBQ especially given the area it's in.  Wide variety of options for mix-ins. Reasonably priced as well. Free frozen yogurt included.
Close of one of my work sites it is one of our lunch options where out here. Admittedly one of usually only two places in the area I go between when here. The interior is simple clean and diner/cafeteria style. The veggies and meat are always fresh and the sauce options there are several to pick and mix. And if you're not sure some one there will usually help you pick a few options. On top of the noodles you can get at the bar, the price includes stir fried or steamed rice and soup. A lot of food! For about $10 total you get all this and a drink. Simple, easy and fits into the lunch hour.
This place is good.  The prices are great, if you know how to pack your bowl!  The vegetables are fresh and always filled up, and the sauces are good too.  Just don't forget that you want to cram your bowl as much as you can the first time through the line so you can get a to-go box for your lunch the next day!
AJ's has become one of my Sunday lunch favorites. I like going there because I can control the ingredients in my food. I have never had a bad meal there. The vegetables always appear fresh, and if you know how to pack your bowl then you can always get your money's worth. Even though I do enjoy my meals at AJ's there are some things that I think they can improve on. 

First, they only have three recipes posted on the buffet line. Other Mongolian BBQ places have at least a dozen recipes. I prefer a greater variety. 

Next, I really wish that they would monitor the buffet better. On one visit there was a family with many children. The parents couldn't possibly watch all of their kids. One of the youngest was picking up carrots with her hands and putting in in the bowl. When she realized that she had put too many in her bowl, she put them back on the buffet with her hands. There were no employees around anywhere. I went to the cash register to tell the girl about it, and she didn't seem very concerned. In fact she seemed bothered that I would complain. When I insisted that this was not very hygienic, she finally relented and replaced the carrots. They really need to monitor the buffet, and especially at high traffic times. They need to institute a policy requiring parents to assist young children.

I also wish that they would bus the tables more quickly. I went there last night, and there were tables that were not cleared the entire time that I was there. I noticed that there were only two employees working, but the lady working at the cash register seemed to be more interested in baby sitting her child, than clearing tables or monitoring the buffet. It seemed to be a slow night, and I really can't think of a reason why she couldn't have bused the tables as well. 

Lastly, the decor of the restaurant is a little off putting. The first time I went there I was inclined to turn around and go somewhere else. If I had not been there with friends, I probably would have gone elsewhere. I only stayed because they swore that food was really good. I am glad I decided to stay.
One of my favorite places to go when I eat out, partially because it's close to home but mostly because it's good.  There's a buffet-style set-up.  You simply pay the cashier, grab a bowl and load it up.  There's a good assortment of meats and vegetables with a number of different sauces you can mix and match.  Experimentation is key so repeat visits will allow you to find your preferred mix.  After that, simply give your bowl to the cooks who will prepare it for you and you're ready to go.

It's a very self-serve kind of place, which I like.  Everything's provided for you so waiters are unnecessary.  Drinks, sides (like rice or soup), condiments and an ice cream machine are all there for you.  When you're done, just leave your tray at the table and they'll pick it up.

They aren't trying to wow you with atmosphere or decor and what little service you need is perfunctory.  Personally, I like the no-frills, self-serve set-up of the place... you're not there for an "authentic Mongolian experience" you're there for a good bowl of food with (hopefully) some friends.  If you're going to Metrocenter for a bite to eat, this is the place
This place apparently used to be a YC's, so I've got to make my comparisons against YC's (which I love).

The setup is pretty much identical, starting with the meat: choice of beef, pork, chicken, and turkey (and I think there was a fish choice). I always go with turkey - by far the healthiest of the four.

Next up are the vegetables. At YC's, I always go with white onions, green onions, bell peppers, carrots, and tomatoes. Unfortunately, no green onions, tomatoes, or peppers here. The rest of the stuff seemed similar to YC's, with a couple extras. Nothing that caught my eye, so I went with just carrots and onions.

The noodles are pretty standard. Sauces come next - a few less choices than YC's, but there was YC's BBQ (which I assume is just "YC's Own"), garlic, ginger, a spicy sauce, and a lemon sauce.

The food was pretty good. The meat was cooked nicely, the carrots and onions cooked but not overcooked, and the noodles maybe a tiny bit firm, but still good. The sauce was not quite as good as I'm used to with YC's, but it's trial and error to get your flavor perfect, so it's possible I just didn't make the right combination.

I'd come back, probably reasonably often, but only if they added some more vegetables - I'm not a fan of spinach or broccoli or some of their other choices, so I really need those tomatoes and peppers to add some color to the dish.
Great place never disappoints because it's clean, food is fresh and it's cheap. No matter if you are casual or a big eater that plate can be filled according to your hunger. Let me explain. You pay the cashier and move from right to the left. The choices are in meat, noodles, veggies and sauces. As you pack your bowl with meat, veggies, noodles you use a thing peace of paper to push it all into the place. I recommend you use your fist! Yes your stronger fist! Push it all as hard as you can so more can fit into the place. In the end the little room that's left is for the sauce. And then give that master peace of yours to the grill masters and they will cook it to perfection.
When you get it back after a minute in a new fresh bowl you self seat and eat at your pace and take your sweet time. If you happen to be hungry like a bear you can go for round 2. I've never seen it done though but I suppose it's not impossible if you are hungry like a bear!

This is a cool, chill, cheap place to eat in my opinion good food. The value for your dollar is excellent and if you're humble simple person that does not need server attention or paintings at the wall you won't regret going here.
It's a shame to watch this place take the turn it has.  I have been visiting less and less since discovering Stirfry Paradise (both are about equal distance from the office).  The only leg up AJ's had was that it was a bit cheaper with the price of the drink being included with the meal.  On our most recent visit, it was found that is no longer the case.  So a lunch that was at one time around $7 now apporaches the $10 mark when you add a soft drink.  

With this price increase you might assume a higher level of quality, but that too was not the case.  The noodles were poorly stocked and no one seemed to care to be on top of it.  The rice was not fresh at all, it had that crispy "I left my take out on the counter too long" texture.  I'm afraid this puts one of the final nails in the coffin when it comes to my preferred Mongolian restaurant.
This is by far the best quality Mongolian joint I have visited in the greater phoenix area. It was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation. It was about 9 dollars a heads with a drink which is fair for what you get in quality. They have handy wax paper to mash stuff in your bowl for those who really want a ton, and it seemed to come in handy for the people who wanted a LOT of food. The cook was fast and professional and the service was good, with a smile. I did not get sick eating here +1 star, there was no left out mess or ran down seating area +1 star, the soup was good, selection was wide, and soda machines worked properly +1 star, and last but not least - the oil / sauce combos were the best around by far with a nice guide to help you season your meal to perfection. I would have given it five stars but that's pretty impossible for buffet style joints. Check this place out for their cheap weekly lunch specials it doesn't disappoint.
The food came out tasting dry and a little old.. I was not too impressed but I have had some pretty good Mongolian grill before this was kind of like the McDonald's version of YCs taste wise.
Absolutely one of the worst mongolian bbq's I have ever had. The night I stopped in for take out.. I proceeded thru the fix ur bowl line as per normal, but to discover this frozen weird looking assortment of meat? No shrimp... I opted for the cod. I was happy with the veggie assortment and I made the 'spicy sauce' recipe as the sign indicated. I thought $8.50 for a take out box that wasn't full was a bit pricey . When I finally got it home, I couldn't finish it, it was that awful. Guess I will drive across town to my fav mongolian bbq in Tempe the next time I get the urge for that!
Have gone here several times over the years.  Not an impressive place, decor wise.  
Food is fairly good.  For the price, there could be alot more choices.
Sauces are fairly unimaginative.
There's a tip jar on the table by the grill so big that a blind man couldn't miss it.  However, you wonder for what?  How could you eat the food without it being cooked?  The service is almost nonexistant..  A tip?  Give me a break!
After our fav Mongolian place closed I was set on having Mongolian the night we came across AJ's.

It was decent. 

It seemed a bit over priced. 

The soft serve was kinda gross and the chocolate was out of order. 

The all you can eat soup looked like it had been sitting there for a good 8 hours. 

Will I go back? Maybe. 

Was I impressed? Not really.

Did I leave full? Yes.
I love this place. The kitchen is clean and that is the biggest plus ever because most oriental restaurants are filthy behind the scenes; this one cares about how they serve the food. The frozen meats are fantastic, other places serve slimy near refrigerator/room temp. meats. All the food is well kept and fresh. It is cooked high temperature and quickly so that it comes out perfect with no wilted vegetables; just fairly crisp and still retains food value.

So what if they do not have chocolate frozen dessert; the vanilla is just fine as a little bonus to the meal. I am from California and you do not get any dessert at the Mongolians there; which usually have B ratings and last time I got sick. Other places do not give you as big a bowl nor a wax paper sheet to help push the food in place in the bowl; I was impressed with this simple courtesy. They also give you a new clean bowl after the food is cooked, no other place does that!

I like how they serve it in a bowl rather than on a plate; it keeps the food warmer for longer. Yum! I saw young guys stacking the precooked food high in the bowl which looked like a work of art. The reason is they were taking it to go and do this frequently. They told me they loved this food and I said tell your friends so we can keep them in business. Again I love this place because after eating a filling healthy meal that does not leave you feeling heavy and sluggish is wonderful.

 I have eaten at AJ's four times now and never felt better. I do not give good reviews lightly; I am very hard to please and picky. What a blessing to get good food at a reasonable price. The decor is plain and simple but the floor and tables are clean; believe me that is more important than fancy decor that serves gourmet' garbage.
As I grew up in the Metrocenter area I've been going to AJ's for years, since it was YC's. It's pretty good. It's inexpensive, they offer turkey, beef, pork, and chicken, lots of veggies, and sauces for a myriad of flavors, fast service, and plenty of food, even for the lunchtime deal of one bowl per customer (dinner is all you can eat). I've had other Mongolian BBQ around town and AJs is the best. Since it gets 3 stars, I suppose that means PHX isn't exactly the place to be if you want amazing Mongolian BBQ, but there it is.
Me and my coworkers thought that this was a YC's location.... as it was not!!!! Presentation to me sells everything and this placed looked like a 80's retro theme on accident!!!!
Not a fan.  Pretty sure I was waiting for a food poisoning experience.  It was clean, I will acknowledge that.  But I am not sure about the frozen lunch meat you are offered.  It seemed gross and chewy.

No flavor after adding 10 ladles of sauces.  It was a miracle we survived, since we only went based on our GPS and not reviews.

Lesson learned......read Yelp!
I've been coming here with the work crew for the past 6 years.  Over the past two years it's gone from what I would have given 4 stars to just two.

My biggest disappointments are:
1. They have recently replaced the big ceramic bowls with smaller metal bowls.
2. They have raised their prices... again.  Less food for more money.

Normally I would fill a heaping bowl then spend the additional $0.75 to get a to go container.  Two meals for the price and I loved it.  Great value!  Granted, I still leave full, but now I'm paying more for only one meal when I could easily stretch it across two and I don't feel the quality of the meal now is worth the higher prices.

I'm done with them.  I wouldn't say "don't go", but I wouldn't recommend them as I would have several years ago.
First and last time coming here! The food wasn't great but what really turned me off was that they refused to sell takeout boxes to the rest of the people at our table after a couple of people from our party of 12 decided to purchase another bowl. Not cool. We felt accused of trying to rip them off. They even had a 12 year old (daughter of owner?) watch to make sure those few people ate their food. Seriously? I felt so uncomfortable. How are they still in business?
I hate giving local restaurants bad reviews but this place is in need of some major improvements. I also don't see this so much as a bad review but a critique that will hopefully help the owners make some changes. I wish more business owners would read their reviews and try to take them to heart. 

We went there on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers. It feels a little depressing when you walk inside. The space is big but unfortunately doesn't have a good vibe to it. The walls are in extreme need of a fresh coat of paint and the bench covers are all ripped and fixed with ducked tape. Music comes from a radio with a lot of advertisement. It just doesn't feel good to be there... 

As far as food goes, I think most people would compare this to Genghis Grill, where meat is fresher and the sauce and seasoning selection is much larger. Shredded, frozen meat just doesn't look that appetizing. Maybe they are just trying to cut costs on all the wrong places. 

Price is a little too high in my opinion, especially considering the location of the restaurant and the quality of the ingredients. Then, also, please, if you are the manager and are reading this, get rid of the 75 cents for the to go box. It just seems unreasonable to pay to take food home that you have already paid for. I understand and know that a lot of all you can eat places have a policy that doesn't allow to take left overs home and that is reasonable. However, if you only pay for one bowl you should be able to get a to go bag, for free. Obviously this has upset customers in the past and I just think that 75 cents aren't just worth losing a customer.
In short, I'll come back. Like $12 for all-you-can-eat and a refillable soda. It's a Mongolian Grill, it's clean, and if you like Mongolian you'll like it here. The people were nice and everything is right up front, no surprises.

My only negatives are not uncommon, Mongolians should always have Parmesan cheese, I don't love premixed sauces, and it's not like the kind of place you'd take a date maybe.

My main issue is with all the other reviews, I see like two stars because of to-go issues, unfamiliarity with meat, people bagging on music and decor, I don't know how picky people are but there's not a lot of choice in this area for decent Mongolian.

Another thing-- having curled frozen sliced meat is normal at these places. I saw a one-star for not having to-go boxes on a buffet? Give me a break, you're eating at a buffet if you're going back up for more, of course there are not to-go boxes.

It's unfortunate that clueless reviewers will probably further limit already limited choices for Mongolian here.
The beef my husband had smelled B A D
After our favorite restaurant of all time closed down (Stir Fry Paradise), we turned to AJs for our Mongolian BBQ fix. I remember coming here when I was younger when it was a YC's, and honestly I can't tell the difference in quality. The prices aren't terrible either for all you can eat. I will agree that it is kind of a depressing atmosphere but good food nonetheless.
I've been coming to this place for roughly a decade. I've weathered name changes, staff changes and renovation and still come back from time to time. I went back there today and have mixed feelings toward the new management and what they did with the place.  First, I will say that, aside from the bathroom, the place was cleaner than I remember it. The mens room could use the floor bleached and the walls painted. Second, their latest remodel, while only slight, was done well. They could use some new bucket seats (tape doesn't cut it even if it does match color) on some of the booths.

AJ presented a diverse variety of offerings in their buffet. To my recollection they offered many more sauces (including one jalapeño - yum!). The cook did a great job, the noodles were properly cooked, and the bit of service we received as polite. The price per person seemed a little steeper than what I remember but that could just be the time since I last visited.

Overall, I'd go back. Though, I'd avoid using the bathroom.
Honestly this is one of the worst food dining experiences I have ever had. First off the place was completely empty and the cashier was like the 12-year-old daughter of whoever now owns this place. The second that I paid and saw what food that they had laying out on the line, I wanted to get my money back but was too embarrassed to ask the little girl. I looked so horrified that the little girl came over and tried to explain to me what to do because they thought I was confused. All the meat is in dried up looking shriveled curls it all looks the same color and the same texture I honestly wasn't even sure if it was the actual meat that they had it labeled as. All the sauces look really really runny and watered-down and the vegetables looked really old. All I ate there was crunchy rice and soy sauce. I would not recommend this place to anyone ever. There's no chance I will ever be back.
This place is great, but you have to know what you're doing. I recommend going with somebody who's been there before so they can show you the ropes. I'll explain how you're supposed to do it, for the new people:

1. Pack the meat! Do not just throw in a few pieces of unpacked meat, the stuff really cooks down. I usually fill the entire bowl of meat and it's pressed down and packed in almost to the top of the bowl. Use the pieces of wax paper they have there so you don't have to touch it with your hands, that's what the wax paper is there for. Also, don't be freaked out by the frozen meat, it tastes just like any other meat once it's cooked. It's like some of these people have never heard of freezing food before.

2. Put whatever veggies you want, you can do these in normal sizes and don't have to pack. I usually do mushrooms, bean sprouts, spinach, and cilantro. You should have a mound of food in your bowl by this point.

3. Pile those noodles on top. It should look mountainous, like you have 2 bowls worth of food stacked into one bowl by the time you're finished. If you could place another bowl on top upside down and have both bowls filled, you've done it right. Like I said, this stuff really cooks down. When it's cooked, it will be 1 bowl. If you don't like noodles or are on a low carb diet, pile on the veggies as high as you can without them falling out of the bowl.

4. Add at least 5 spoonfuls of YC's house sauce, then a few more of other flavors. I usually do 5 YC's, 2 garlic, 2 lemon, 1 sesame, and 2 cooking wine. You really want to get a lot of those sauces in there, as if you don't have them, they will put more water in during the cooking process and wash out flavor. If you're going to try to follow one of their flavor combinations, I recommend adding more ladles of the flavors they list, proportionately. No fewer than ten ladles of sauces.

5. Once it's cooked, you top it off with some sesame seeds and some spicy chili oil if you like spicy. Don't go overboard with the chili oil, the stuff is very spicy and will overpower the rest of the flavors and leave you with a scorched mouth and runny nose. About a tablespoon is good. Then add a tiny bit of soy sauce, and you're done. You've created a delicious bowl of food bursting with flavor. I never bother with the soup or rice, they're bland.

Takeout boxes cost $0.75, but all in all if you've done it right, you should have enough food for 2 to 3 meals, all for about $11-$12 out the door, unless you're really fat. I usually eat there and get full and still have enough to stuff an entire to-go carton that I snack on throughout the rest of the day. I'm a fan of eating the leftovers cold, but some people probably wouldn't like that.

P.S. Don't listen to the reviewers that give negative reviews because of the atmosphere. I've never understood those people. It's not like you're eating in the center of a landfill, it's just a little plain looking. Big whoop. Most of the negative reviews seem to be based on the fact that these people didn't know what they were doing. If you take my advice listed above, you can't go wrong here. Btw, there is 0 quality loss since they changed the name to AJ's from YC's. The only difference is that they added more sauces since it was named YC's, everything else is EXACTLY the same, I'm talking identical. I've been going here for over 10 years.
Some of the best food I've ever eaten. The portions are huge, so don't eat anytime before you go.  You pick your food out and they cook it right in front of you, plus there is always soup and rice and pineapple to have on the side. You get a drink included. It's packed on weekend nights, especially since there's a classic car show right out front.
YC's is great food.  You get to fill up your bowl with all the ingredients you like and watch it be cooked right in front of you.  The ingredients are always fresh and there is a wide variety of sauces.

Good meal for vegans, plus the soft-serve is vegetarian too!
I found Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ to be decent, but not great. I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice. That said, it's pretty good for Asian food in the greater Phoenix area. I've noticed a trend when it comes to people rating Asian food on Yelp! Those people from the area seem to rate the food much better than those people that are transplants. I was excited to try this place because it was a "mongolian bbq," however it doesn't hold a candle to the B.D.'s Mongolian BBQ in Royal Oak, MI where I'm originally from.
My parents would love this place. What I mean by that is that they live in a small town, so the build your own, watch them cook it is something different than what's offered in smaller towns.

For me, it was fun the first time. The second time, there's really nothing special about it. Take your big appetite friends, it's a good value for the amount of food you can have made.
I just love this place. The ingredients are high quality, and the fresh grilled taste is amazing. The concept is simple - you load up a bowl with all the goodies you love (beef, chicken, celery, green peppers, noodles, etc...) and they grill it for you on the spot.

Large bowl with a drink and sides is only $9. This is one of the most healthy deals I have experienced for lunch.

Lucky for us there are several locations valleywide.
Tuesday night and you don't feel like cooking? Head over to YC's.. fresh and tasty on the cheap! It's so much fun to because YOU control almost every aspect of your bowl.. mine is usually so full its toppling onto the tray.. there are just enough choices to keep me interested in coming back next time thinking, I wonder how that'll taste?!
Tried this for dinner again last night...

This is such a good, healthy meal and at such a reasonable price. The ingredients are so fresh and the experience of getting it right off the grill is really cool. Dinner was exactly $10 each and included the drink, tax, etc... 

The atmosphere here is nice for $10 meals. Lunch and dinner rush can get a little hectic.
This place is great, all you can eat including a drink and frozen yogurt for $11 is hard to beat.  Everything looked fresh and none of the toppings looked like they had been sitting for more than a few minutes.  Cooking time is short and you can go back as often as possible.  Highly recomend for a quick bite that is good and filling
It has been several months but I hadn't lost the formula (80/10/10 - veggies, meat, noodles).  Pat down some chicken-turkey (no taste difference as far as I can tell) with the wax paper.  Load up with mostly veggies (more green than red or white), add some wheat noodles to fill the bowl to the brim.  Follow with the sweet and sour mix but add some extra vinegar and orange sauce.  Add some pineapple and all set to have it grilled.  Fill a small bowl with peanuts and another small bowl with pineapple.  Fill the large red plastic drinking vessel with ice and low cal lemonade.  Then chow down...

My formula has more or less stayed the same since being introduced to YC's by Mike T and/or Erik T.  Both took different approaches and none tasted like the other despite selecting choices from the same line.  Amazing how three related people ended up with very different meals especially Erik T with cod fish and Mike T with who knows what kind of sauces except they were very dark.
I asked a CSR at Home Depot where I should eat and he tells me "you've got to try this Mongolian BBQ next door." I'm a little skeptical, but it was late and I was starving so I thought "what the heck".

What a pleasant surprise! I was greeted by the friendliest hostess who explained the whole concept to me. So as I go to pay, I tell her I'd like a soda with it and she tells me soup, rice, entree, bevarage and dessert are included for $10! Oh my gosh, what a deal!  She then walked me through the whole process right to the point of handing my concoction to the fellow that was going to cook it. Unlike what I had anticipated, she encouraged me to add MORE stuff... she wanted to make sure I got enough to eat.

I mixed it all with the Calcutta Curry and it came out great. Be careful though, the first several bites are steaming hot! Flavor was very good and I was a happy camper. The Manager, Peter (very nice guy), took time to sit with me and talk about the concept and make sure I was happy with my meal.

All in all I would really recommend trying this. Such a great concept, plentiful and good food, priced right and very friendly staff.
My friend KP loves this restaurant.

...he's the guy who can clap 12 times in one second. Very impressive. 

Anyway, he knows a thing or two about Mongolian Grill, and I have to agree with him on this one. 

What's not to like about YC's? Who would hate on this place?

Affordable, tastey, comfortable, fast. 

That KP clearly know what he's talking about.
I have a soft spot in my heart for YC's. I used to go there all the time on my way home from ASU. I, like many others, have my special concoction. All veggies no sauce, mostly broccoli, shrooms, water chestnuts, and baby corn. The best trick i use is to line your bowl with the crunchy wontons before they ladle your cooked food in to it! It tastes so good, but I am one to like soggy cereal!

Also, they'll cook without oil if you prefer, which I always ask!
I have been here a couple of times for Lunch. At first I had no idea why my friends were telling me to pack the meat so tightly into the bowl. I soon found out when we got to the huge scorching hott metal "grill? wok?" whatever it is my food came out delicious. The portions you get for 7 or 8 bucks are colossal! I'm talking Lunch, Dinner and a late night snack.......MMMM good
Been here for Pavillion's car show before.  GREAT Mongolian.  Love the recipes feature, love the atmosphere, cleanliness, the workers, the food is amazing and so filling, you always take home leftovers which are always great.  Definately a great place to eat.  Be sure to try the wheat noodles and the brown rice.  Their sauces are SO good whether you follow the recipes or not.   It's nice to have the wheat-based options too.
A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards. 

RATING: GARBAGE!
I know I only have myself to blame, because I've ate at Flattop Grill in Chicago which is the same concept - except it was like $15 all you can eat whereas this place was a little more.  (Somehow whatever I make at these places doesn't come out very well!)  Anyway, the concept is cool, but its not worth the premium charge they put on the options there.  I'd rather just go to a buffet that has something like this so its optional and its not your whole meal - and you can eat other things that doesn't come out all sucky.  :)
I work right down the street from YC's, but strangely it took me almost 2 years to actually try it out. I am glad I did! For $8 (including tax!) you can pile your bowl high with meat, veggies and noodles, then you get to play chef and make up your own sauce. I always have leftovers to take home for another meal which is a bonus. The price also includes a drink, won ton chips, soup and rice if you like. The food always appears fresh, which is a major plus. The only downside to this place, is if you hit it during a rush, you might have to wait awhile to get your food cooked....but it is worth the wait!
The food is so fresh and you have sooo many options to customize your own bowl.  If you don't like it its your own fault since you made it lol.  So much food for your buck.  and it can be pretty healthy if you use the fresh veggies and you dont pack your bowl  with all noodles.  Hot tip: add a few shrimp for $1!!  My bf loves it since he is into the whole caveman thing and likes triple meat and they dont have a meat limit or charge extra for it.  Restaurant is always very clean.  Would recommend to everyone.  That whole shopping area is kind of dying out but this is its best kept secret.  Hopefully yc's is here to stay!
I get really excited about YC's Mongolian BBQ. I love the concept, prices, and how quick it is on a busy night. They also help you choose your sauces which can be rather confusing if you dont know what you are doing. I am a picky eater so it is nice that i get to pick everything that goes into my bowl. Also, you really get a ton of food. 

No complaints, well maybe that there isnt one close to me. 

Check it out!
Ate at this restaurant Saturday november 14 and had my leftovers on Sunday november 15. Tuesday morning I woke up violently ill and could not hold in food or fluids all day tuesday. 

Went to the urgent care tuesday evening and they promptly sent me to the ER to be treated for severe dehydration caused by "probably a food borne bacteria." I just finished my three day antibiotic course and am feeling much better, but now that I have had time to look at the facts and speak with the Maricopa County Department of Health, I can confidently say that my horrific three days of food poisoning were undoubtedly caused by YC's Mongolian Grill.

The fact that I was told someone else got a case of E.Coli with bloody stools just about a week before my poisoning really shored it up for me. YC's is apparently serving tainted or contaminated food. I would not recommend eating at this establishment. I must also make it clear that my noodles which I took home were transported from the restaurant to my refrigerator (20 minutes) and kept in the refrigerator until they were microwaved and consumed.
Despite working about a mile away from this place for 7 years, I've never gone inside, mostly because I'm scared of places that are the only operational business in an entire plaza of empty stalls. I always think they must be moving counterfeit Matchbox cars out the back door or something.

But, I was at Pavilions for the car show and we decided to go to this joint. The hostess was super friendly, and set us up to go down the line. Tons of raw meats, very cold or frozen, and tons of fresh veggies and sauces. There is a huge board that tells you how to mix up various kinds of sauce. You can really pack a lot of meat and toppings into those bowls, even if you get the "regular". And don't worry about mounding it on there, because it all reduces when they cook it.

It is true that they throw water on the grill while cooking and I think this must temper the taste somewhat. I put tons of garlic on mine and I barely tasted it when I got back to the table. So, minus one star for that. But I'd rather water than butter, which is what you get at some places.

The price includes a drink, rice, soup, and some different toppings they have available after your stuff is cooked. We left stuffed and happy, so it's all good.
To start with this is place that isnt for those interested in the Ambiance,,, but for good food. Ive been going to this location for well over 5 years now on saturdays while I visit the car show.  I have never had a bad episode concerning the quality of the food, the employees or anything that restrict my decision to eat here,  The people here are interested in you, they want you to return. they guide you upon your initial visit unto how the process works.  Yes the food will cook and shrink down but there is  not limit to howe much you can put into your bowl. they even offer wax papers to use to push your food down into the bowl.
The qualitty of the food is good. I see them use gloves when handling food, I have seen the foods being stored in refrigeration unit.  and by the looks of the huge steaming grill they use with water to cook your food.  I could most definately say that its over 165 degree and I have never been sick. Im confident you will enjoy this place. and the leftovers are even great at 3am
they treat you more than a client but are actually hospitible and freindly.
Just tried YC's for the first time and already know there will be a second and third times to come. The staff showed me how it worked and I was amazed at the selection and just how much food could fit in the large bowl. YC's is awesome!
Pretty typical Mongolian grill joint where they cook the food in front of you. Large variety of tofu, meats, and vegetables to pile into your bowl. Many different choices of sauces to pour over your items. If you go for dinner, you will get soft serve ice cream to go with your meal. Staff is pretty friendly and helpful.
My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.  There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.  Unfortunately, I never looked up.  As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.  In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.

As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.  I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.  In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.  I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.  But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.

Two sizes available.  I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.  So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.
I was really impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the selection of proteins and veggies! The part that didn't work so well? The sauces. Many were hard to get to and even harder to dip due to the height of the containers and the sneeze proof glass. I made a total mess (but I cleaned it up too!)Anyway, I didn't follow the "sauce guidelines" listed on the wall and just went rogue. This wasnlt a good idea. I ended up with a really bland, soupy mess. TGFS (thank goodness for siracha) or this would have been a big waste. The meat fish and veggies were great, but I made the mistake of adding wheat noodles- BLECH! No taste and kinda gummy-kinda hard.   

I would go back and stick with meat and veg and follow directions on the sauce cuz this place is clean and could be both healthy and tasty if done the right way.
I love the premise of Mongolian grills, but this one was just ok. I have definitely had better, and think that the placement of the sauce combination cheat sheet could have been better. (I didn't see it until I had already handed over my bowl for grilling). Having been to other Mongolian grills, I was able to put together something tasty, but if I had actually gone by the sauce guideline board, I would have felt comfortable trying something different. I went with veggie-only because I wasn't all that impressed with the meat presentation. The meal was alright, nothing spectacular and nothing foul. I'd give it a C-.
It's hard to rate this place because a good part of the responsibility for the quality of your dish is your own.  That said, I've been to other Mongolian BBQ's and have come to realize that the restaurant's part of the responsibility is a key factor!!!

I've given this YC's many chances:  followed more than one displayed recipe, experimented with my own concoctions.  Regardless, the result of every visit is mediocre at best.  My guess is perhaps the quality of veggies (even though they look fresh, doesn't mean they taste good) the ingredients of the sauces, or the cooking method, not to mention the noodles/rice, and ambiance, is the cause for my disappointment.

I recommend Genghis Grill @ the Tempe Marketplace for a much better experience!
:D
My boyfriend brought me here almost 2-3 years ago, and since the first time, we've visited this location many, many times. It's a great place to go when you want a filling, healthy meal for lunch. 
I've always been a fan of DIY/Cook it yourself places. (I.E. Korean BBQ and Hot pots.)

I usually try stuffing as many ingredients into the bowl, sometimes it requires punching down the frozen slices of meat you first throw in. And you have to get a lot of sauce otherwise you're not going to taste anything. When I first came here I had no idea on what sauce combinations to use, its nice they put up a sign above the grill so anyone new to YC's can start out from and branch out adding different combos.
high quality food (no msg) , healthy, quick, tons of food, inexpensive and always left with leftovers
I've got at least thirty people hooked on ycs! They need to come to phoenix the foods worth my hour drive but, I hate the expensive gas
I love this place!  I have been going here for years.  There is a reason why this is the only restaurant that survived in the Pavilions after all of the other restaurants, movie theater, and Best Buy were closed.  

You make your own mix of meat, noodles, rice, veggies, sauce, etc. and they cook it on the wok for you.  Prices have gone up since I first started going here.  I believe dinner used to be $7.50 and now it is around $10.25 (for dinner, lunch is cheaper), but it is a lot of food.  Get a to go box for $.75, which comes out to $11.  Keep in mind this includes a drink and a huge amount of food, if you get a to go box it is enough for another meal.
I've been coming here for a few years, and have always left satisfied (and full).

Starting off with meat, there's chicken, turkey, beef, or pork (and I think there's fish at night). All four of the meats are pretty good - they're all pretty much equally good, so no real favorite.

Next comes the veggies - my plate usually consists of carrots, onions, green onions, bell peppers, and tomatoes. There are plenty of other choices that I'm not too fond of, like broccoli, tofu, bean sprouts, and several more that I can't think of.

I always go with the standard noodles, but they've also got rice noodles that look like they might be pretty good.

The sauces are pretty awesome. My usual consists of some YC's own, orange, garlic, ginger, and spicy hunan. Or if I'm in the mood, I'll go with just a straight up sweet and sour. But it's an art to make the right combination and also the right amount, so you may be safer just following the recommendations on the board.

As they prepare the dish, there's a few minutes to put together a bowl of rice, a bowl of pretty decent hot beef soup, and some chips and sweet and sour sauce, along with my drink (all of this is included in the price). By this time, your meal is probably close to ready - top the bowl off with some cilantro, and there's your meal.

I haven't tried the frozen yogurt, but I think it was pretty cheap, like a buck, so if you're in the mood for dessert, it's definitely worth it.

Overall, this place is great - you get plenty of food for your money, and it's fresh and pretty healthy.
YC's is Yummy! Choose whatever you want for meats and veggies, then whatever combination of sauce you want on it, and they wok it up for you! I always buy a to-go container for 50 cents because it is a small price to pay for another meal and I always end up with extra. I recommend the wheat noodles, they are really good. The meal includes crunchy wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce, soup, white or brown rice, and frozen yogurt at the end. Its a good deal for the money! :)
I love YCs! Its build your own and I just don't understand how people blame ycs when THEIR MAKING THEIR OWN FOOD! Now with that said, I love the wheat noodles, the beef and chicken, and the mongolian sauce. The crispy chips are awesome on top of the bowl crumbled. It is a must to go..one because the foods good and two because its just a fun experience.
I gave this place a second chance. My first visit was a few weeks back (right before closing time, but was served very nicely by the hostess and a friendly cook).

Today, I was greated by a hostess. She asked what size of bowl I would like and if it was my first time. I chose the "medium" bowl (huge mistake... IT'S A LOT OF FOOD) and replied with a "yes". She walked with me and gave me tips on how to make a delicious combination. 

I am a believer! I enjoyed my meal and I loved the personal touch the hostess gave to my experience.

The concept is similar to Genghis Grill (mongolian grill) with a simpler selection of proteins and vegetables, and sauces instead of condiments. They have a visible board with a list of combinations for the customers to try. 

They do not serve alcohol (only reason why I would prefer Genghis Grill) over YC now, and it is fast casual (unlike Genghis where the friendly servers are always helping out customers).

Different colors and flavors for different tastes. I am glad I tried this place out.... Hope they keep up with the awesome experience I enjoyed today.
Nice vibe, good  protein and veggie choices and sauce options to make your stir fry your way, including the drink, soup and fro-yo what is not to like for $10.75. You will not leave here hungry and you will have plenty for leftovers. I will be back.
Well considering I am not a big fan of Stir fry after a very bad experience I had at a place like this a few years ago....I was skeptical about this place. My wife wanted to really try it...so we decided to visit this locale before going to the movies. I have to say for the 21.00 bucks I spent for the 2 of us I was not disappointed at all. The food was very good....the service was first class....and the meal comes with a drink and dessert as well. However do keep in mind if you decide to do the "One bowl, One trip" deal you can take your food with you....but if you do the buffet....and eat in then you cannot take anything with you. This establishment is within walking distance of the Ultrastar Cinema and a great place to get a great meal before you see your show. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
This place is overall fantastic.  Been going for over 10 years.  It is always consistently good.  Service is always great.  (employees seem to stay there for long time)  Hard to find a better, fresher, and less expensive place to eat.  Very good value for the money!
I am a long time fan of this establishment in the Scottsdale Pavillions.
I am a fan becasue it consistantly good. Contistanly Clean and I know that when I go back whether its two weeks or two years ikt going to be the same quality food.  I especailly like that occasionally there is a NEW sauce I havent noticed before...this time is a great peanut sauce.  

DO NOT let the New Load bowls scare you.  Yes they look smaller and they are stainless and look like a dog bowl but the small will fill you up and you wont be eating out of the stainless bowl.

Diffence between lunch and dinner is mainly the menu has fish at nigh and waterchestnuts and small corn...as well as a yogut desert. but that about it.  its all good and Im glad they are expanding.

Peace and have a great meal.~~~Izzy
A little pricy but you build your own meal.  It tastes as good as you make it.
My friend took me here, said I had to go and now I have been twice! This place rocks! The first time I went they helped me get started and gave me a free togo box, normally they charge 50 cents for it (which sounds weird, but isn't until you go).  This is a build your own Asian Meal place! AWESOME!! You can pick your meat, your veggies and your sauce and they cook it up for you- so fun and so yummy- each time you go you can get what you want, but switch up the sauces or keep it the same and since it is build your own, you will definitely have leftovers and they are just as good the second time around!
fresh, fast, healthy and consistent. Highly recommend.
I"m so glad we rediscovered this place.  My friend and I had been all grubby painting and were driving around doing an errand on a Sunday early evening when all of a sudden i start feeling bitchy.  Which means my hunger headache was about to hit.  We were in South Scottsdale at the time so we were searching for a place to go as is (pretty grubby) and so we hightailed it to YC's.  I hadn't been here since college which was a lifetime ago.  So glad we came here.  It was really good.  You pick different various meats, veggies, noodles, sauces and they grill it all for you. I totally packed in the bowl.  The price also includes a beverage, side of rice (they have both brown and white), and desert afterwards.  What a deal!   
Just fyi....if you can't finish what you got and you have to ask for a to go container they charge like 50 cents for the container.
For $10 you really get a lot of food and the staff is usually very pleasant.  I've been here numerous times and the food is always fresh and tastes great!  There are so many options here.  You can add as much meat and vegetables to your bowl as you want along with pastas and sauce.  I change it up almost every time I come here.
Best mongolian bbq In the valley. It is what you make of it. Literally.
Great food, great service and great prices!!!  Try the Chef's Favorite as your sauce, it's delicious!
Yummo!  Excellent choice of items with a ton of sauces to drizzle right on top.

Bring your hollow leg... it's a TON of food in that bowl.  If you can't finish it, you can buy boxes for your food for I think $.50 or a dollar.
I love this mongolian bbq...its my favorite one in arizona.  I have tried others and they never have the good variety of veggies, proteins or sauces like this place has...I do the combination everytime...I have tried other sauce combos and I always go back to my original way...I love to add the chili oil because I love spice...then I get some of the wontons.and dip them in siracha and hot mustard...yum yum yum...dont forget to use the wheat noodles they are the best!!! Always put extra sauce because your meal will come out dry if you dont.  They have rice and soup too, but I never get it because you get so much food! You get to have frozen yogurt after and its perfect because you get a little sweet at the end.  I love it...i just wish it were closer to my house but I will make the drive...
Love this place! I have been going here for years. I have perfected the "smash".  They have lots of new options. Everything is always fresh and tastey.  The lines go very quickly and the management and staff are always so pleasant.
Squish squish so you can Eat a Dish. How Crazy is that? They even provide wax paper just for squishing down your food to CRUSH as much as you can into the tiny dish.

I was a first timer and didn't know the squish thing or even had an idea what the wax paper was for until I saw OTHER PEOPLE displaying humiliating , embarrassing ,  disgraceful behavior crushing down food and then piling maybe as high as 10 inches above the bowl. Some people actually had to jump in the air to squish. ( I am sorry now I didn't video and send this up to You Tube.)

The meats and vegetables seemed fresh and I didn't notice any vegetables being canned (like at the Gag Us Chain) But I really didn't like the watered down sauces. Unlike the other stir fry places here you need to add maybe 7 ladle's of sauces to get the correct flavor and then you get a BOILED vegetable dish. YUCK!

I know MOST people enjoy coming here and doing the squish thing eating a boiled dish of food for approx. $10 but I can go to my favorite Chinese and get a rice bowl that taste better and is bigger and not crushed food for only $3.50 or spring for the whole lunch plate for only $4.95 so you won't be seeing me here again.

As for Stir Fry Places I like the independent Stir Fry place on Bell Rd is better than this place or the Gag Us Chain because I don't have to squish down food , I (don't) but I can go back and get as many Stir Fry's as I like at that place and the sauces aren't watered down so the food comes out better.

 To each his own . Different Stir Fry's for different folks Eat what YOU like!
Its good not as good as Geghis grill in tempe but its up there.  The meat is all frozen and paper thin it kinda scares me. But, the sauces and the noodles are great. It is nice that drinks, ice cream, rice and soup are included in the price and there is no servers so it makes it real affordable.
Note: they do charge you for togo boxes 50 cents per.
some veggies and yogurt are only available at night!!!!
I am a big fan of YC's! I love the wide variety of options for your bowl and the wonderful sauce options. I particularly like the soups, rice and chips with sweet and sour sauce!! I could eat bowl after bowl of those chips with sauce!!! I am literally getting hungry as I write this review...

I didn't give YC's 5 stars for 2 reasons. 1 is that their prices keep going up. I swear everytime I go the price for a bowl has gone up. I think the last time I was there for dinner a bowl was $11.50. The other reason is that you have to pay for a to-go box!! I think that is a total rip off!!!

Other than that, YC's is great and delicious. I would recommend for a filling lunch or dinner.
Squish food, thats what we call it, you walk in, pay for a small, medium or large bowl and a drink, go through the salad bar type line, picking out your meats and veggies, this is where the squish comes in, compressing the food in the bowl so you can fit more in, then take it to the grill and they cook it right in front of you, just make sure they don't drown it in water.  You will be full when you leave thats for sure!
This YC's, compared to the other ones in Tempe, has a better selection of diet soda drinks at the soda fountain (Sprite Zero Diet Coke, and Caffeine Free Diet Coke), and service is very friendly and speedy.  I believe the meat selections are the same (white and dark meat chicken, pork, beef, fish in the evening), but I like the selection of veggies here, which includes water chestnut and baby corn.  The addition of various blended spices to your bowl, in addition to the plethora of sauces to choose from, adds to the experience.  Yum!
Love this place... Great price, great food!! I mostly love it because it can be very healthy if you be careful with the sauces...
Make sure you mush as much as you can in your bowl, hee hee. :)

A fun and good place for some Asian!
When you come here be ready to eat! 

For those of you who do not know how this place works....you get a bowl and basically go to a buffet style set up where you pack raw meats and uncooked veggies into your bowl. You can put as much as you want, I wouldn't exactly say fit in your bowl, because the food is always overflowing. Once you have loaded up your bowl you pick the sauce(s) you want to use. There are recipes for different kinds of sauces available for you. After that, your food is cooked infront of you in about 3-5 minutes. 

After that you take it to your table and enjoy...I would suggest filling your bowl up with a lot of noodles, even if your bowl is completely filled.
$11.50- Big ass bowl, drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.
$12.50- Big ass bowl (unlimited), drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.

Random spouting off prices, I know.  This is all that I kept hearing about the group I was with.  I had no idea what was in store for me.  And then we arrived.

Since I drove, I didn't have to pay (score!).  I was just told to grab a bowl, grab some wax paper, and stuff- HARD!  It just didn't make sense, until I was watching what was happening.

After I saw tons of meats (I think I stuffed the bowl 3/4 with meat), I didn't get too many vegetables, as I just really wanted meat and noodles.  Then next I stacked it with a mix of rice and wheat noodles- I was living dangerously.  

Then next up, there is an area that you can make your own sauces (they have like 20-30 to choose from!).  I highly suggest dousing your bowl with liquids, as the pic suggests this stuff is cooked at high heat.  I regret not putting more sauce on mine.

Then when you are complete, you hand to a cook and they heat it up for you.  That is when you get extra rice, soup, and your drink.  The stuff comes out pretty quickly.

Then pick a spot and enjoy.  My beef/pork/noodle combo was pretty good, and was excited of the concoction.  Keep in mind this place is a trial and error type of place, and its up to you to find out what flavors work for you- I think that is unique for a place like this.

You can also get some shrimp, but it costs extra.
Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.  let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.   I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.  I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.    

You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance. It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.  

Serves?  Well  it exactically,  but they will he you mak decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.    

The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.  They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.

Stack the food high and lots.   It will shrink as cooked. But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.   I have never been disappointed with any other people here.   Employees and guests alike.

Good food.  Fun atmosphere and above all else.  Consistancy.  Good.
 Logistically you
Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.  There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average

I see reviews here like too loud.  Not healthy etc.  yes moderation is the key.  Case and points. I will sometime's wont use any sauces or noodles.  I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.
Been coming here for 15 years....

Pro's
- variety on bowl options many
- quality of produce good
- staff friendly and helpful

Con's
- maybe a tad over priced by $1 or so.  Never liked the new smaller metal bowls. 

Will continue visiting from time to time...
What? I am  supposed to go out of my house to a restaurant and then make my own dish? Well...the fact i am giving it 4 stars means im good at it :) 
This place is amazing because of the large variety of meats, veggies, noodles and sauces and the experience every visit can bring. Takes just a few minutes and the serving size can be as enormous as your squishing abilities are. I have always ended up with enough leftover. 
This place is great if you know what to do, its also great if you are the adventurous, experimental kind. If you mess it up, forgive yourself and be back! For me, i have found the recipe that works and i'm sticking to it!
I fly here from CA just to have some really good Mongolian Grill.
I LOVE YC's! Some people do not enjoy it here but I do. I like the fact that you can choose if you want to be super healthy with veggies and tofu or go and pig out on meat and noodles. YCs is never disappointing and is now located by a fro yo place so win-win!
It's a little expensive to eat here I think but the food is just so tasty. If you have any type of food allergies - this isn't the place for you... too many opportunities for cross contamination so stay away. I hadn't been here for a while but during my recent visit they have some staff there to help you mix your special blend of sauce for your food - great idea YC's. So many people get hung up here so this is a nice addition. 
I also like this place because it's pretty quick to get through the line and start eating.
It doesn't matter who you are, who you're with or what you eat. This place is delish. No matter if you are suffering from heartbreak or new found love nothing can fill that gaping void inside like an overload of veggies, meat and noodles....and meat. Meat.
Inexpensive heaps of awesome goodness.  What more can I say?  I love piling my bowl high with tons of meat, veggies and noodles then smothering it in my own concoction of sauce.  I literally can't get enough of this place and wish there were more around the valley.
One word: Basic. I tried Pei Wei's recently and the dish I ordered tasted just like the one I threw together at YC's. Okay, I know know that this is "Asian fusion" but that's all I am coming across in the valley. A whole bunch of "fusion" food. Give me authentic. Give me something that doesn't taste like all the chain restaurants around the area. I would have liked to have seen some baby corn, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts available as veggies to add to your dish here. In the meantime I will continue my search for good Asian cuisine around the area that doesn't taste like a microwaveable meal from the grocery store.
There is a lot of variety of ingredients for you to make your own noodle bowl.  Everyone can end up with exactly what they want.  They charge for kids meals by the age of the child, so you don't sped a fortune on a bowl for a 3 year old.
Overall a good restaurant with good food. In need of an update though. Value is great.
Found this by accident and all I have to say is WOW!! You will not be disappointed!
Great Food!

Great Customer Service!

They even were playing some great 80's music!
I love, love, love this place!  Just be careful about hostess doing your sauce and putting ladles and ladles of oil on it.  For some, the draw to eat here is to try to eat clean, lower fat meals.  I only tried lunch yesterday but plan to go back today for dinner!!!! Super Ono!!!!
I was here for a Sunday dinner. Price to value, this place easily deserves five stars. For $13, you get to choose your ingredients to make your own custom noodle, hot soup, free soft drinks and two flavors of ice cream. 

It is best if you read some of the reviews here before going to the restaurant so that you know what and how to pick and how to make your noodle because it can be pretty overwhelming for newbies. 

Don't be afraid to load up your bowl-- Meat (Chicken, Pork, Beef, Fish), Veggies and 3 types of noodles. When it comes to choose sauces, just look up and read up the flavors to get some guidance. IMPO, sticking with a pre-defined flavor is a good idea than just randomly mixing a whole lot of sauces. It is going to be a lot of food, so plenty of leftover to take home as well.

Tip the cooks near the grill and enjoy!!
It cost $13 per person ($12.50meal $.50 To-Go Box)
Great bang for buck!
You get a bowl and literally stuff it until you have a big mountain.
You then put your sauce in a separate bowl (use the recipes they have listed!)
Then give it to the guy to cook it for you (takes about 5min)
I'd strongly suggest to either use 2 sauce recipes, or double the recipe you have
Once you get you're bowl back you will notice your food shrunk in half
It will still be way more than you can probably eat
Just in case it's not enough food, your order comes with unlimited rice, soup, chips, soft drink, and cheap yogurt you want! :)

Tips:
Use the wax paper to squish all the food possible into your bowl!!!
Look at the people around you if you feel at all lost (really helped me)
They only charge $.50 for a To-Go Box because people could easily fill a box with some of the unlimited rice or chips if they wanted to. (please don't do it though)

Everyone here was extremely friendly. Even the cooks said hello to me!
This is an excellent spot if you want to show somebody you know of a small unique restaurant (like on a date with an outgoing girl, or a guy that enjoys eating a ton)!!!
Me and my girlfriend would love to come once a month but it's a little too far for us.

Don't come if:
You hate buffet style restaurants
It's a Saturday night and you hate awesome car shows (parking lot)
You're a picky eater that doesn't like getting their food squished together
You only plan on eating a little
Fam FAV for 20 years!!!
I love this place! For an  extra buck you can get unlimited trips to the buffet, but lets face it, you are usually stuffed after just one trip.
Great choice for people watching their carbs too, just lay off the noodles.
YC's is just so tasty!

I have been going to YCs for over a decade and I've never had a bad expierience. love the idea of mongolian grill in general, but what is great about YC's compared to a lot of other mongolian grills is that the sauces are on the lighter side and everything is always fresh.

You basically make it yourself - so it is hard to go wrong!
You get a lot of food for the price but the restaurant is dirty and they charge you 50 cents for each to-go box.
The food is delightful. 
Make sure if its your first time you ask for help. Use an extra bowl instead of the "pushing paper" 

Food is always fresh and usually pretty high quality. I love the wheat noodles and creating my own sauces. The tofu is always delightful. 

4 stars because the prices keep going up and up and up... And the bowls get smaller and smaller.
Love this place! A lot of bang for the buck!
Prices are affordable, food is always fresh and staff is always very helpful & friendly.
Besides filling up on meat or fish and veggies, there is soup and rice and drinks are included.. Will eat here again & again.  You get as much as you can put in a bowl and if you want to take home the remainder it costs only 50 cent.
You can make it according to you own liking.
This place is YUM!  I like that you can customize your bowl and add the things you like best.  The service was very helpful as well.  Lots of great choices and the food was delicious.
I have been going to this place ever since I was a sophomore in high school (circa 2000ish). 

The food is simply delicious. I usually get the same thing and every time I'm pleasantly pleased. At about $12.50 per person (drink included) it's really worth the value. You get your entree, a drink, soup, ice cream (dinner time), rice, and wontons. The entree alone is a huge portion...of course you're in control of it.

They have many different things to choose from: white meat chicken, dark meat chicken, cod, turkey, beef, pork (I think), and tofu for us vegetarians. The veggie selection is also really good. 

I always make the same sauce: chef's favorite with a scoop of spicy hunan and some hot chili oil. Maybe one day I'll venture out and try a different sauce.
I've been eating here since they opened! Amazing fresh veggies and great flavors. If you master filling your bowl correctly you can eat and take home even more for later. Gotta love having control over every aspect of your meal. The staff are helpful if you are a first timer, so just ask. I love love love YCs!
Oh! It's been a while, my yummy friend! Thanks for not disappointing. Soooooo much better than any other similar concept. Please come to Tucson soon.
My bff Mike and I went here for dinner one week night a few months back, and we hit the doors pretty close to closing time. So close that we thought for sure we would be turned away. BUT the sweet young lady was more than happy to have us come in! I had never been there so I wasn't really sure what to do except shove all the stuff I liked into a bowl as high as I could make it! Then when I hit the sauce bar I got a glazed look over my eyes and some nice fella just popped up asking if he could be of service. He explained that he was a sauce specialist...we talked about every sauce and he made some recommendations off of the feedback I gave and started spooning stuff into a bowl. We took it to the cook guy and he stirred and sauted my goodies until they were properly cooked and put it back in a bowl. It was really yummy! And I can't wait to go back!!!
Get a doggie dish because you will need it!!
I was visiting from Minneapolis last weekend and the family tour director chose YC's because it would accommodate the vegetarian in the bunch.  She was thrilled to see tofu offered.  The cashier was helpful in guiding us to which size bowl to pay for.  The food was very good and I would happily return if I ever get to Scottsdale again.  You should go!
It's been a while since we've been here so when we came in Sunday for lunch our expectations were high since we've been craving it for so long. 

It wasn't crazy busy which was nice, I hate waiting behind people. 

The vegetables were fresh and well stocked. Instead of creating my own sauce I decided to just follow the board, I'm not good at direction but the Spicy Thai was wonderful. My biggest problem was the chicken, it tasted like jerky. 

We'll be back but next time sticking to a vegetarian lunch!
Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.  let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.   I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.  I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.    

You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance. It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.  

Servers?  Well not exactically,  but they will help you make decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.    

The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.  They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.

Stack the food high and lots.   It will shrink as cooked. But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.   I have never been disappointed with any other people here.   Employees and guests alike.

Good food.  Fun atmosphere and above all else.  Consistancy.  Good.
 Logistically you
Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.  There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average

I see reviews here like..its too loud.  Not healthy etc.  yes moderation is the key.  Case and points. I will sometime's not use any sauces or noodles.  I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.
I love Mongolian grills, and YC's has to be among the best I've had.  Infinite combinations of deliciousness for an extremely reasonable price, and the employees are always friendly and helpful.  Drinks are included, and so is rice, wonton noodles, and soup.  I've never left hungry, that's for sure.

I only wish they'd open one on the west side of the valley so I could eat there more often.  

A great place.  Try it.
Love this place everything is pretty good specially the wheat noodles and sweet n sour or teriyaki sauce. You will always end up with left over and at the end you get a nice yogurt ice cream n everything for under $15 per person.
So I have visited this place several times in between my first review and this review and they have managed to keep their 5 star rating. Tonight was the epitome of it all! I could not believe how delicious my meal was. I did finally try a new sauce: Kung Pao, so I don't know if that was it or not but everything was cooked to perfection. It was the busiest I have ever seen the restaurant too. 

The staff, which was clearly under a lot of pressure, did not compromise their customer service at all. There was a woman helping out the chefs who was extremely courteous and would help you out with whatever you want. She kept the line moving and was very efficient. The chefs were also really nice! My mom has a food allergy. When you mention you have a food allergy they clean the entire cook top and get new utensils. Most places have an attitude because it's extra work for them. Not this place, they were very nice and were able to accommodate my mom's request. Even when she asked for the food to be cooked well done with not a lot of water, the chef said "sure" and made her food to perfection. 

Love this place!
This is a great YC's, their service and management were great! We came in with a ton of kids after a movie and we were taken care of so well.  I love the selection and quality and their sauces are the best, way better than any other MG in the valley.  The chef's soup was out of this world, through a few wontons on it, dang! Thats whatsup!
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =

Dropped in for first visit to this busy YC's location, a little after 11 AM today.  First off you buy a small or large bowl & head over to the Buffet line.  There, I found thinly sliced strips of white chicken, dark chicken, beef and pork, frozen in separate trays.  Then the veggie portion of the serving table offered up another 16 main items, plus you find other goodies such as whole peanuts, pineapple chunks, etc. over near the grills.

To flavor all of this up there are quite a number of powdered & ground spices out, as well as an almost limitless sauce selection, as you mix your own from the many steel tubs of ingredients, according to posted recipes or your own whim.

You can certainly make a full meal of the small bowl but I like to pay the dollar extra for a large bowl.  Pile all your food choices high & press them down tight into the bowl with paper provided for that purpose & you'll end up with a serious serving of food!  (Yes, you can pay more for unlimited bowls but there's no need for that.  The beverages, soups and two kinds of rice are help-yourself anyway, so you're not going to leave this place hungry!)

I made my bowl up of white chicken, beef, pork, some of most of the veggies and a canteloupe sized pile of wheat noodles, all squished down hard to form a mountain sticking up out of the bowl.  In a separate bowl I made up one of their suggested sauces, "Red Thai Curry Peanut."

One of the grill guys cooked it all to perfection in a couple of minutes, served it up to me in a larger bowl, and WAS IT EVER GOOD!!  (Photo.)  I also enjoyed a cup of their Spicy Beef Soup, to which I added some brown rice.

Small Bowl $9.08, Large $10, Unlimited $11.84.  Unlimited help-yourself beverages included & prices posted over the register include tax.


This place seriously rocks!!     :-))
We moved to Colorado awhile back and I can honestly say we have not found anything like this. I've been coming here since they first opened as a kid. I don't remember if it was this location! My dad and I went every Sunday! Every friend or family member who walked my path I take them here for dinner now I live 1000 miles away and CRAVE this place!!! I miss it!!!! I think I need to franchise Denver LOL!!! We even got a free dinner for leaving a rave review!!!
Great place for lunch! You basically go through a line of vegetables, meats, noodles and sauces that you create yourself. At the end of the line a chef makes it on the grill in front of you. The noodle selection is great, ramen to rice noodles if you want them. You also get soup, rice and crispy noodles as sides. My hubby and I split the large bowl - which is 10.95 (this includes the drink too.) There is always enough for both. I think for kids, there is a yogurt machine too, never tried it. The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and the food is great - best of all, it's your creation and it's healthy. You can eat inside or out - nice place to eat before or after a movie - which is a few stores down.
Doing a happy dance!  YC'S used to be one of my favorite spots to grab a quick meal, until , about 10yrs. ago when  I found out the mystery behind all of my illness was food allergies to wheat, corn and cow dairy.  I tried to eat there and just use my GF Tamari, but there was still the issue of the grills having too much residue from other meals.  Recently my daughter informed me they had made a big change in handling special allergy needs and she was excited for me to go there.  If you deal with food allergies you will understand my skepticism, so, it took some time before I managed to try it out.  I am here to tell you, it was fabulous!   They are SO incredibly accommodating and helpful.  The staff were all cheerfully helpful.  Everyone was knowledgeable and aware of ingredients and respectful of my needs. The hostess put an allergy alert card on my tray and assured me I would be assisted with the sauces, which I Was. The grill cook was cleaning the grill before I even got to the counter.   He was cheerful and friendly,( and grinning at the fact that I was taking photos).  My food was beyond delicious! I had Panang Thai sauce, extra spicy.  They even have rice noodles!  I am So, so,so excited to be able to eat here again.  The perfect spot for before or after a movie, or to stop while shopping, or you know, if you just happen to be hungry for yummy stir fry done your way and don't want to do dishes.
Since I eat at Mongolian BBQ as often as possible where I live in California, I was excited to find a place in a very new area of Arizona. This area is a place that didn't even exist when I was growing up here. 

So I have to say since I have been to so many, this is not a new concept for me, and I can compare what I know to be great Mongolian to this. 

To educate those that have never been to one, you usually can get as many bowls as you want to use to create the master dish you want to be cooked together. Here, they yelled at us for using more than one bowl and told us to push it down with a piece of paper .... what?!? And meanwhile, those around me where doing it making a huge mess, how could they not? This rule is absurd. Take two bowls and fill them up as you like, then they are cooked together and the cook turns it back to you in one HUGE bowl that is the size of the two small ones that you filled up with even more room. 

I am just used to little authentic Mongolian places where there are no rules as to how you create your master dish. And this thing with either all you can eat or one trip for a dollar less is just ridiculous. Just make it one price, all you can eat period. Allowing customers to choose between two choice that have a dollar difference was creating such a negative atmosphere in there with the server going around and telling everyone what they are doing wrong and that they have to get the all you can eat if they use more than one bowl, and if they do all you can eat, they still can only use one bowl. Its just not a good set up for happy customers. 

The fun party about Mongolian is being your own master chief, let your customers do that without ridiculous restrictions on bowl usage and smashing down food to make rood for more to pile it up like a tower that is falling down all over the counter.
This place is my fave. I could buy this for life. The variety of options is great. When you first pay make sure you ask for a allergy card just in case. My girl is allergic to fish and bell peppers. Once they see it at the grill the will promptly clean it for you. The stairs is tricky but I have mine down now. 2 laddles  of 2 yc own 2 garlic 2 orange 2 ginger water it comes out great. You get a huge bowl and rice on the side. You can do soup and the drink are included with the price. I suggest lunch there it's a little cheaper and you be full all day. Thanks kris
Aside from the employees who feel the need to police you to make sure you don't share, (a rule which I understand when I read it, when the cashier explains it, AND when the busser fills me in) it's generally a clean, well maintained establishment. You can't complain about the food, since it's up to you to create your own dish. 
Wish they had egg as an add in option like Ghengis Grill.  
Drink and soft serve yogurt are included in the price of your meal. To go boxes for fifty cents a pop.
Love this place. Gone here for years, as a casual lunch w/my dad.  Easy place to hangout w/free refills on soda/tea & soup/rice.  It's worth it to pay a few bucks for a to-go box.  Leftovers=another whole meal!
The aroma drew me after leaving  the movies.  You get a bowl.  Choose a frozen meat.  Top it with seasoning salt of ur Choosing, veggies add that with a bowl of marinade. Rice or some sort of noodle.  Then u wait,  observe, collect your drink.  Sit and eat.   Then yogurt.  All under 12 bucks.  And so much to take home.  Very pleased with this find!
Walking in, I had no idea what we were getting in for. 

It turns out that you pile meats, vegetables, nuts, fruits, and sauces from an extensive buffet line into a small bowl for the "chefs" who will fry it all up for you. Chicken, scallops, pork, beef, zucchini, carrots, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, mandarin oranges, pineapple, garbanzo beans, and a WHOLE lot more are available for the choosing. Plus over 30 sauces are available for mixing and matching. 

When first approaching the stack of bowls, I noticed that they were all soiled. Icky! Not my idea of a good first impression. While satisfied with the choices, I found myself going back to my favorite standbys each time I filled a new bowl. Yes, it is all-you-can-eat.

The Cooking Method: Dudes take your bowl, slop it onto a large rotating flat grill (consistently too close to my neighbors pile, I might mention), and flip them until "finished". Meanwhile I'm waiting for my food to cook, I see significant pieces of my ingredients falling into the catch basin while they are being flipped. Dang! I wanted that piece of chicken in there!

I must admit that the crab rangoon were mighty tasty. My mom longed for shrimp, which they apparently only serve during dinner. They did, however, send out a funnel cake dessert to celebrate my mother's birthday which was nice. 

BREAKDOWN: The food was ok. I like the idea of make-your-own stirfry. Atmosphere was way too corporate. Decent prices at lunch. Skived out by the messiness of the whole thing. 

I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES!
Standard Mongolian grill style restaurant. Ingredients are replenished quickly. Food is grilled even quicker. 

Seafood ingredients include: shrimp, calamari, squid, shark meat and prawns. 

Regardless of the input combination of ingredients most dishes come out with the same taste with varying levels of spice, bitterness and salt. 

To get your money's worth bring a healthy appetite.
I found the food to be very good and the selection of items to and sauces to be the perfect amount to choice from.
The area is a little small and can fill up fast during peak times and can be hard to get around at times.
Not exactly sure how to rate this place, seeing how it depends on how well YOU make your meal.

HuHot is a lot like Flat Top Grill, meaning that it's a make-your-own "stir-fry"(although it's allegedly "Mongolian") joint. I think this place has a few more items and sauces for your dish, but it's very much like Flat Top.

I think this would be a great place to take kids and/or picky eaters, since everyone can get EXACTLY what they want. 

Don't get the martini that looks like Windex, it's nasty...$7 worth of nastiness.
Had a great time, and what a fun concept.  Pretty classic mongolian grille fare (lots of proteins, vegies and a TON of sauce combinations) with a very friendly set of grill masters.

Took my 7 yr old son and he had sooo much fun putting together his own combination and watching them cook it in front of him.

Highly recommend it
Seriously?  $13+ to scoop up some frozen food and then have a chef "stir fry" it for 5 minutes?  I really just don't understand the appeal of HutHot.  The restaurant itself is the typical chain of suburban-style places that put some kind of authentic looking name on a place that is more ordinary then what I get at the grocery store.

First off, the food that is provided in the buffet might be all you can eat, but I'd never want to make more than one trip.  It's all frozen, the beef is thinly sliced and of a poor cut, the vegetables / side items are all stringy and pathetic looking, and there's little description to go with the labels.

I tried a few of the user recommended combinations, only to be confronted with a dish that had an awkward taste to it and left me with a half-full plate of something I had no interest in finishing.

I hate being harsh on a restaurant, but this is not something I'd recommend to anyone.  If you want all you can eat, you could go to an OCB and probably get better food (and I'd feel bad for you then too), and if you wanted Asian cuisine, there's plenty that are much better (or your own cooking).

I understand the concept of these places.  Sure, you make your own food but they're supposed to provide ingredients and cuts that are better than what you could find at the grocery store.  Too bad this doesn't ring true with HuHot.  At least the service was ok and the items were well stocked.  Other than that, absolutely nothing that would compel me to spend $13 there again.
Now granted I'm opposed to the idea of Mongolian grills in the first place for the usual reasons, but at least with Flat Top nothing is frozen, it's nice inside, and if you go up a few times it's a good deal (well, for lunch at least). The whole ambiance of HuHot just felt trashy.
Food is OK. Too expensive for what you get. It is a liitle more reasonable during weekday lunch.
You try so hard, but Hu Hot - I'm just not that into you... 

Your sauces have no flavor. Some of your food is fresh, some isn't. Your branding is pretty cheesy. The seafood is poor quality. Just not loving it.

The people seem nice, but unfortunately that just won't cut it.

For my chain Mongolian bbq fix, I'm sticking with Flat Top.
No idea why those here are trashing this place so bad. It's just like any other Mongolian BBQ chain I have been to. Maybe better. Yeah the meat is frozen. So what? The other places had it frozen also before thawing it in the buckets. The sauces were good in my opinion, not bland. And there were many of them to choose from. Especially the black Thai peanut sauce which was great on chicken. The vegetable selection was large and nothing ran low while I was there. Service was good and the food was cooked as quickly as possible. I tried small plates of several different combos and thought everything was good. How can $13 seem too expensive when you get to build and watch your own food cooked in front of you? This is not monumental food but is sure hits the spot when you are craving some stir fry noodles that can be as spicy as you like. I would go here again.
There seems to be a lot of controversy regarding the HuHot, let me try and explain why I understand both sides...no, actually there's nothing to understand--the general premise is that HuHot and most Mongolian Grills in general heap large/unlimited portions of bland uninspired food at you and expect you to be awed by the concept of a large stir-fry and wide array of ingredients.

To over-analyze it some, this premise if you can call it that is inherently flawed because at its core what makes a good restaurant is quality of ingredients, quality of preparation and service.  Service here basically is to explain the concept; so shakes out as largely a non-factor.  HuHot's ingredients are soooo bland, the meats are frozen and have no marinade or rub to them, the freezing of the vegetables results in the same end-result. 

Supporters want to clamor that the sauces give flavor and you can choose whatever you like! (like you can't find something at a normal restaurant) But the sauces are just alright and merely an attempt to cover up the blandness problem.  

HuHot is tolerable for where it is on the "new" west-side of Madison as it's a relatively quick n easy lunch spot for all the new offices out there.  And I'll admit I find their stereotypical Asian menu rather amusing.  But one could create a tastier stir-fry at home.  The Parthenon is one of man's greatest constructions but without any skill it's just a pile of rocks.
First of all, it's not gourmet, high end, or romantic. I wouldn't come here on Valentine's. But it is a good deal of you are hungry and know you can make three or more trips up through the buffet line, and I think it's fun and tasty. 

For novices to Mongolian BBQ places, after being seated and ordering drinks and appetizers, choosing a soup or the house salad (free with meal) and designating if you would like white or brown rice, or tortillas with your meal, you head up to the raw buffet. You pile a bowl with whatever meats (choose from beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, 2 kinds of sausage, fish) and veggies (there are about 20 varieties, so I won't list them) or noodles (3 varieties) you want. Then you add pre-made sauces, or concoct your own, using soy, garlic oil, lime juice, sesame oil, etc. You then head to the large round grill, hand your bowl to a cook, and they grill it while you wait. Whole process takes between 5-10 minutes, depending on the crowd. Repeat as desired.

Yes, the meats are frozen, as are some veggies. But so are most of the foods you get at other places, before they arrive at your table fully cooked. You just aren't aware that the ingredients were frozen before they got to your plate. Putting out the frozen product decreases the risk of food poisoning, as the less time a food is at room temperature, the better.

Yes, the cooks are cooking your food "right next" to another patron's food. But so what? What do people thinks happen in the kitchen of any other restaurant? If you were under the impression that a restaurant kitchen only cooks one meal at a time on the grill, or sanitizes the grill between orders, you were sadly mistaken. 

Someone noticed that the cooks dropped a utensil and reused it. I have been here no less than 6 times, have seen dropped utensils a few times, and always saw them placed in a separate bin and never reused. But are you sure that the cooks hidden in a kitchen at your favorite restaurant never reuse a dropped utensil? Really?

Anyway, getting to the food - I have 2 picky kids. Both like meat, and hate veggies. This is their idea of paradise. They can make exactly what they want, and as a bonus, kids 11 and under eat for $4.79. This was an awesome deal for my son at age 11.  Once when we were there, a group of 6 UW guys were eating, and went up at least 5 times. Again, for them it must have been a bargain.

As for the sauces, you can make them as tasty as you want with all of the ingredients available. At first mine were hit or miss, until I figured out some good combinations. They also have recipe cards that list ways to make some tasty combos.

One caution: I would not go here if I had severe food allergies. I saw the routine the cooks go through to clean the grill for someone with allergies. It's the same routine that cooks in other restaurants use for people with allergies, but for someone like my niece with life-threatening allergies, I would never bring her here given the possibility of contamination. But she also rarely eats at any restaurant, for the exact same concerns.

Overall, it's a good deal if you are hungry, kids love it, it's great for picky eaters. But it's not for people who prefer to have their food prepared out of their sight.
I honestly love HuHot, and go there at least 1 to 2 times a month.  The staff is always friendly, but not always prompt, especially with refills.  The first time I was there, no one told us ingredients in the sauces, and no one asked if we had any food allergies.  I ended up eating an entire plateful of food in a sauce that I was allergic to, and it got pretty bad.  Since then, I noticed they not only ask each time, but then the grillers clean a spot on the grill extra clean and keep your food separate if you do have an allergy, and even use different spatulas and what not.  They even have a book they offer you if you have a food allergy to show you all ingredients in everything they have.  It was because of this care of the customers that has kept me coming back.  I've always felt welcome here, and even a few of the waiters take time to recognize us and come over and say hi.

As for the food, it is pretty much delicious.  Being a vegetarian, it is nice to put together my own meal and just skip the meat section.  There are a ton of things a vegetarian can eat, and I'm always stuffed well past dinner time after eating only 2 platefuls here.  The food is pretty much always fresh and well stocked.  However, definitely take your time with the sauces.  I have tried a bunch of different combinations, and I honestly think you really have to try hard to screw up the sauces part (I have put some weird ones together and it has never tasted bad!), but be mindful of the type of sauce you are putting in to know how much you need.  They have good combination ideas on little cards for you to follow, but if you like the sauce to give you the most taste instead of just complimenting your ingredients, then add a few extra spoonfuls of your favorites.  I find when I follow the rule of thumb there, it tastes good, but slightly bland, and always add maybe one or two extra spoonfuls of something to make it more "saucy."  If you go overboard and get too much in there, it can get messy, but you only have to deal with it from the sauce stand to the grill, and they have napkins and hand sanitizer there.

The only reason I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars is just due to slow service most of the visits.  Other than that, definitely a place to check out!

Don't forget to throw in a tip for the grillers at the end!
We agree with the last review...there's no reason to trash this place, everything was great. Food was good, place was clean, decor is cool, people were super friendly (especially considering we were there an hour after close), the cook was awesome & performing tricks. The only thing is dinners are $12.49 which is ok on occasion, but the $1 beers totally made up for it!
Good service (Rob). You choice what do you want eat. They have a salad and beefs bar for choice and in minutes the good "cocineros" lo hacen para usted! Muchas salsas para escoger!
Never again...I guess they don't have much in the way of Mongolian bbq in Madison but this was a poor excuse for it at best...the meat didn't look fresh...the bar area was not well maintained...food was everywhere...the sauce area was a disaster...the offer you rice and soup to go with your dinner and the rice isn't cooked properly...and the soup was a sad excuse for hot and sour...YUCK!!!
Once and only once...never again HuHot
HuHot was good, it wasn't amazing. The concept was exciting at first of creating your own stir fry. I went straight to the suggested recipe cards and picked out the Peanut Chicken ingredients. The bowls you put your stir fry ingredients in were not appealing in any way. They looked like cheap, plastic, semi dirty bowls. The freeze dried meat did not impress, not even once it has been cooked. However, my dining experience was fun and I would consider going there again.
Good food selection and a hell of a lot cleaner than most "Mongolian" BBQ places. Friendly staff too.
I tried HuHat again and was impressed this second time around. I will definitely be going back! I need to learn to pace myself when I fill the bowl the first time around so that I have am hungry enough to go back for seconds. There are so many stir fry options to choose from.
Staff is very friendly. Service is quick. Food is "eh".   My advice is use lots of sauce because the veggies and meats don't have much to offer.
Meat was completely rock solid frozen. I don't think that's normal compared to other mongolian grills (let's call it MG) I have been to but maybe its better sanitation wise? I thought my meat turned out good, my bf's meat was still cold in some parts and he complained the meat was tough.  (I will say that I was very hungry and inhaled the food in half the time that my bf did even though he's 3x's my size--which never happens) 

Meat selection wasn't that extensive compared to other MG's i've been to. 

We went on labor day and they were open (yay!) and there wasn't a line to get to the grill.
My kids enjoy the variety and ability to mix things up with multiple trips to the grill.  I can mix up some good dishes for myself, though the meat and "seafood" leave something to be desired.  For a dinner buffet, I think it is a good place to take the family and have a decent range of options.
For a quick stop, this place filled my tum and that's about all I needed at the time. I was happy with this visit, but won't make it a destination spot.

The variety of items available for the grill wasn't the wide selection that I'm used to from other favorites.
the place has a wide variety of sauces to select from..... the food is fresh and good in taste.....i like their egg drop soup as well.... it is a nice place to have lunch, less crowd at that time....
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! This is probably one of the most spectacular eating experiences I have ever had. Ok, first things first. Location is OK but not great. It is in an odd spot between Middleton and Madison but is also near some other places to eat like a Panera and a nicer sit-down restaurant. I have been here quite a few times and everyone is always really nice and SUPER fast with anything we need like more drinks etc. It's affordable, fast, and delicious. The best thing about it? Technically the only person to mess up your food is yourself. I mean I have received the wrong plate and in my opinion something could have been cooked a little more but otherwise GREAT. 

The cooks are VERY very efficient and always put on a great show! The building itself is very modern and trendy with some great lighting inside and a nice relaxing exterior. The parking is technically in back and the "front door" is on the street so it would be nice to have the door at the... errr... back? where parking is?... um yeah... Anyways, I love coming here for an interesting eating experience because every visit is different from the last. I highly recommend at least eating here once just to see what its like.
This place deserves more than 3 stars. 

I've been here for dinner twice - on a Friday and a Saturday. Saturday dinner was pretty busy, but service and quality stayed reliably at a high standard. 

Service staff was very nice and prompt. They're usually very visible and attentive. They will refill your drinks quickly. A head waiter/manager type of person came around to check up on customers - which is always a good sign.

The food was pretty good, too. I'm not expecting the best cuts of lean meats here. The meat you pick was frozen as expected - and that is fine. It's stirfry, frozen is fine. I did wish the meat was sliced thinner by the supplier. But for what it was - it was good. Though they're missing out on an offering of lamb, they did have the other types of proteins usually included in a Mongolian grill. So the ingredient bar is good enough. They have 20 sauces ready for your choosing. I know what I liked in my stirfry, but they offer sauce recipes to help you out. 

* They actively try to keep the ingredient bar as clean as possible. During busy times it gets a little disarrayed - but it's not like cleaning staff are ignoring their duties. They clean and refill the food often.

The grill itself is run in as efficient manner as one can imagine when grilling an entire restaurant's meals. Be forewarned that when it gets busy you can have a line of 10 ppl waiting to put their raw ingredients in with the grill. Bring a friend to talk to or a phone! Though the food quality was pretty good at the end, one problem is that the cooking time is too long - usually to cook through the meat. Since they are not adding some sort of liquid (a salty broth would be nice) during the cooking process, the starches just start overcooking and a lot of it gets stuck on the grill. This affect is really visible when the grill is at full capacity and only 3-4 chefs are working. A positive is that they won't bother to give you the burned noodle parts. The chefs, though young like from college, were very polite and seemed to have a lot of fun grilling. So they're doing a pretty good job. 

* There's reviews mentioning that when chefs lose their spatulas to the floor, they'll re-use it. .... ???? That sounds preposterous. They are surrounded by 15 customers watching them cook their food. Anyways I actively checked every time a utensil fell to the floor to see where they ended up. The end up in the dirty dishes bin. 

* Spatulas ARE re-used for working between different customers' foods. I think that is fine. They scrape the spatulas between customers, at least. This does mean if you have any food allergies you need to make sure to mention it. AFAIK they have a system for this since the wait staff do ask if you have food allergies before you go up. 

The food was yummy when I ate it.  

They have those 100 flavor soda machines so their drink selection is full of variety. Every time I asked to change flavors the waiter was prompt to get it.

Is $13 for this dinner buffet a smart choice? Yes. I cook sometimes and I eat out sometimes. Cooking up a stirfry is going to be cheaper, but sometimes you're lazy. If you're lazy, you're going to eat out. I've tried so many places in West Madison. You're putting in at least $10 anywhere else just for an entree. I think HuHot is the best value for my money if I'm looking for a good sitr-fry and I'm ready to eat to my heart's content. All the staff so far have been very polite - and it was a great experience to come out having my stir-fry cravings fulfilled.

I hope their service continues at the level I've experienced.

Fun stuff: A great sauce mix: Soy sauce, garlic, chili garlic sauce, chili oil.  
Simple but delicious in your mouth.
As a BIG lover of Mongolian BBQ I was very skeptical of a place this big trying to do it. However, this place was amazing. They have a huge selection of things to add into your food which is great. The meat selection was anything special but they had all the basics. They do put the noodles at the front of the line as compared to most places where you put them on last. My guess is that this is to fill your bowl faster so that you don't take as much...but after everything cooks it reduces down so much you typically want more. BUT it is all you can eat so it isn't the end of the world (if you really could go back for more that is...i'm always too full). The cooks do a great job of cleaning off the grill in between plates which is a huge relief for people (like myself) with food allergies. 

Also this place is very kid-friendly. When we got our highchair our server told us that it rolls and that we should take our little one with us through the line. At first we were a little uneasy about it, but after doing it, it was awesome! People in line complimented us on our ingenuity which we in turn attributed to the server.

We didn't try it, but I would definitely think hard about getting their Smores desert they have. Comes with a flame in the middle and Marshmellows, chocolate and Graham Crackers. Make Smores at a restaurant table? Brilliant!

At the end of the day what separates this Mongolian BBQ apart from the rest is the huge selection of sauces. I'm used to seeing several, but this place has way more than any other place i've ever been. Only complaint about the sauces is that the hot wasn't that hot. But then again, no hot sauce ever is. My one complaint...it is a bit pricy at $13 a person. It could be worse, but still...a bit high.
Won't be dining here again.  The meant is like flash frozen, and once it's cooked it's like trying to chew rubber.  The only thing really selling this place is that it's all-you-can-eat.  

I'd rather go to Flat Top, same dining experience (mongolian grill) better ingredients, better food.  

I'd rather get full on good food, than fill myself with bad.
Before the rest of this, I must disclaim that in general all-you-can-eat restaurants aren't for me. Eating responsibly doesn't usually go well with eating from an unlimited quantity. For this restaurant, the quality did not suffer. All the meat, vegetables, noodles, and sauces were delicious. Their hottest sauce is the hottest article I've found in Madison, though I don't really have much experience with the hot wings market here.
Sadly, every time I've eaten the complementary soup, it hasn't paired well with the food. Either eat it first or order the salad, I guess. Also the line to have your food grilled can get a little long at times, though it's not so terrible as long as you've already eaten your first serving. I guess there's another reason to eat the soup/salad first...
Have been here a couple times.  If you like Mongolian this is a great place.  Drinks were good, service excellent, and the food selection area - which is important to me - was very clean!  HuHot keeps the meats frozen so raw juices do not get all over the place.  That is VERY smart.  
Their selection is huge, and the sauces plentiful and good.  Last time we went my vegtarian frined was worried, but they cleaned a space on the grill stone, cooked her meal in a vegetarian pan, and used separate spatulas, so this place is vegetarian friendly.  
Both times, good meals.  Looking forward to going back.
Don't be fooled, this is not Mongolian! 

My husband and I were on the west side and decided to get some dinner. Unfortunately the Pho place was closed so we decided to stop in here (not doing research first) with the thought that we have not had Mongolian cuisine in a long time. Well, we were fooled, it is an all you can eat, make your own stirfry chain. There are plenty of options which was nice, but it did take us a second trip to get a sense of the flavors/heat of their sauces. Needless to say, I doubt I will be coming back unless my only options are other chains, but Madison has much better options for the price.
I knew this going in, but I went anyways ... 10 bucks for lunch 13 for dinner ... it is pretty much just Syco frozen foods that are heated with a sauce .... BUT it is all you can eat!  No thanks!
Great staff but awful awful TERRIBLE food.

I really really wanted to enjoy this place. I really did. I went here last night with my daughter and boy were we disappointed. We ordered the all you can eat and it came with the choice of either soup or salad. I ordered the Hot and Sour soup and she ordered the Egg Drop and can I say YUCK!?!? By far the nastiest version of HSS I've ever tasted and boring bland tasting Egg Drop.

With such horrible soup we went on to try out their Mongolian grill. I will say this, they had a very nice selection. Large variety of meats and seafood and a great variety of vegetables. The sauces well... that's another story. It's obvious these are pre bought watered down tubs of sauces that did not say 'Mongolian' at all. Want to know whats even better? They give you a full view of their disgusting giant see through refrigerator with their bundles of horribly stored gross sauces right next to the grill. I was, however, very impressed with the cooks and how well they did. They cooked quickly and accurately. Props to them.

After or food was cooked no surprise at all. Disgusting. Now I'm sure you can say. Marlene, what if you're just terrible at picking the correct sauces? Well my dear yelpers, we took advantage of the 'all you can eat' and tried out many different combinations including their cheat card combinations. Nothing tasted nearly close to mongolian or at all appetizing. 

At the end of the day I will never ever come back to such horrid tasting food. It's just too bad, they had a magnificent staff and very skilled cooks.
I went in with a bad attitude since I read a lot of negative reviews.. It was pretty good. The service was meh but the huge amount of options, Veggies, meats, sauces were impressive.  The frozen meat was a bit surprising but I guess it makes sense rather than having warm raw meat sit out. Who cares if it is authentic based on the name? McDonalds isn't authentic Scottish food.

I have to say, though, the grill guys weren't very friendly, and the server kept calling me honey, so that was annoying.
Do it.
I wouldn't have normally chosen to go to dinner here, but a flip of a coin sealed the deal..also, I'm staying at a hotel within walking distance, and the options here are extremely weak. (I wish this trip had me staying in downtown Madison, that place is amazing)

The restaurant seemed clean enough, but when the host sat us, the first 2 tables he deemed unacceptable..for whatever reasons, so we had to go on to table #3, in the corner.

The entire system of ordering and putting together your main course is what really irked me. Grab a bowl, fill it with ingredients and hand it over to the chefs - sounds simple, which it is except...

A table full of half frozen meats to put into your small bowl was gross, and was the beginning of my losing my appetite. Then, you choose one of maybe 3 types of noodles, but they all seemed the same....then if you have enough space in your bowl, put a few veggies to round out the dish. Then theres another table with an overwhelming assortment of sauces, but only half of them had utensils in their dishes. 
Then I hand the dish off to the chefs, who are busy doing tricks with their spatulas behind the counter for tips. I just wanted my food, not a spectacle.

The food turned out alright, really nothing i'm looking to have again...I might have enjoyed it a little better if the staff didnt ask if things were okay every 5 minutes. It's nice that they were attentive, but this was over the top.
Super pleased with the care and attention they gave my food allergy. Service was great and food was filling and decently priced. Far superior to flat top in my opinion
nothing really wrong with the food, nothing really good either. my biggest complaint is the price: $12.99 for dinner. included in the dinner price is your choice of soup; I chose the hot and sour. weirdest hot and sour I've ever had. it isn't that it tasted bad, but seemed like it was made by someone who had no idea what hot and sour soup was. it was mostly thin strips of carrots in a light broth. not a bad flavor, but not hot and not sour, that's for sure. the dinner was also supposed to include a greater selection of ingredients. I don't know if it did since I've never eaten there for lunch, but I saw shrimp and scallops listed on the website, and the only seafood present was some suspicious looking kind of whitefish. you also get to choose from pork, beef, sausages, everything frozen and hard as a rock. then, a small choice of noodles (3, I think) a good choice of veggies and a lot of sauces. now, here's my real problem with this place: it's basically a buffet, except nothing is cooked until you order it, and your only choices are noodle dishes. you get a fairly small bowl, put a few pieces of meat in it, then some noodles, then you've got room for a few veggies. then, choose your sauce and wait in line to hand it over to the cooks. avoid this place like the plague if they are even remotely busy. on a Saturday evening I had to stand in line waiting to fix up my bowl, as people just shuffle through line like zombies, then stand and wait to hand your bowl over to the cooks, then stand and wait until it is cooked. sit down and spend a few minutes eating, get back up and repeat the process. I spent more time standing in line than I did eating. and again, the food wasn't bad, but I think $7.99 is a fair price for what you get, $12.99 is criminal. a lot of good Chinese buffets charge around $10 for the dinner buffet, and many also include a Mongolian grill. it's not this big, but for less money they also include egg rolls, much better soup, salads, rice, chicken dishes, beef dishes, pork dishes, sushi....you get the point. here, you get noodle bowls, that's it.
Fresh veges and wonderful meat, if you like noodles, don't order the rice.  You order rice before you go to put your food together.
NOT FOR VEGETARIANS!!! I have been eating at Ho Hot for several years now. As a vegetarian I liked that they had a lot of veggies and tofu available and they would ask if we were vegetarian. When we said yes the server told us to make sure to tell the grill people and they would clean it and use different utensils. The other day we went their and I noticed their menu had changed so I glanced over it. I noticed that each sauce was now marked if it was vegetarian. Only 2 sauces were marked out of the 20 or so they have to choose from. What's worse is that none were marked before so I had assumed they all were and had been eating them in the past. Now I feel lied to and ill. And really only 2 sauces?!? 

I WONT BE BACK AND I AM NOT HAPPY!!
my family been here several times never had anything but excellent service very good variety of meats and veggies wide variety of sauces to please different tastes from mild for me to very hot for hubby like that they a kids menu if the little one aren't in the mood for the buffet though when they they can things they enjoy love the totilla never would have to eat mongolian buritos
Great place! I went for my first time with a group of friends. We stood in line for a little over 5 minutes, but were happily piling on a variety of meats and veggies while doing so. The men who grilled our food were very entertaining and kept us laughing while some of their tricks ended in tragedy. Our cocktails were waiting for us when we were back at the table and the drinks and food was great! Even got a variety of desserts afterward. Server was very nice and he helped us out along the way with suggestions. (Love all the soda variety too!)

Certainly going back
If you go there, I suggest skipping on the fish. I chose to put crab and pollock in my stir fry and have never been more sick. Ate my meal at about 6:30, had an uneasy stomach for the rest of the evening, woke up at 4:30 in the morning with horrible stomach pain and nausea. That was the only meal of the day to cause me to feel that way. Horribly disappointed as the service was otherwise great, minus being a little slow but that was because of the dinner rush. Will not be returning as I have no desire to risk repeating that experience again, which is a shame because I really wanted those cheesecake rangoons...
Wonderful place! Me and my family drive an hour away just to come to Madison to get our crave. The staff is VERY nice, my daughter got sick there once from a headache & instead of freaking out & being disgusted out waiter was very helpful getting us water & towels & checked on us the whole time. Love this place!
HuHot is a basic asian inspired restaurant. If you have a taste for a variety of Asian noodles while keeping it healthy, they are a good pick.

HuHot is a semi buffet. As someone who hates buffets, I actually don't mind this because you pick the food you want from a cold/frozen bar of noodles, poultry, beef, tofu, seafood, veggies and at least 20 different sauces. 
Once you're done with your selection, you take it to the flat top grill to be cooked. The food is being cooked to order so if you have any issues with germs and buffets, it does ease the mind a bit. 

I do like the variety they offer of food selections. Personally, despite what the comment said below in regards to vegetarians options, I think HuHot is pretty vegetarian friendly. I was quite surprised to read the comment. Ive gone to HuHot once in the pass year and even then I felt they had a lot of selections for non meat eaters. If you're not a noodle person, you can have white or brown rice served to you. 

Its a cool place to take the kids so they can see their food being made Mongolian Grill still and is all you can eat. You can order off a menu if you prefer but I think they are known for their Mongolian Grill.

They are overall a very decent place. I like going to HuHot when I'm in the area and would recommend them for the cost and style.
I love Hu Hot!  TONS of options to pick from.  I enjoy the ability to be creative and build my own meal.  Want more water chestnuts?  Pile 'em on!  Wohoo!  Don't care for mushrooms?  Don't take any!  Every trip to Hu Hot is a new experience - customizing your meal to whatever you have a hankerin' for that day.  

The meat selections are nice - I usually flip between beef and chicken.  I'm not fond of seafood, so "shark" never makes it in my bowl.  The frozen "meat chips" could be a turnoff, but it cooks up nicely and doesn't seem to be an issue.  For other ingredients, I can't think of anything that is missing.

The sauces are abundant!  I appreciate the posted combinations, if nothing else to give me direction in my creativity.  Want it hot?  You can do that.  Want it mild?  Plenty of options there, too.  And everything in between!

The chefs do a great job preparing the food, often putting on a little show.  Tip those guys!  They work hard and that grill is plenty hot.  They deserve a little extra something...

The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star review is their "bread".  Call me crazy, but I'd swear they just microwave some stale store-bought flour tortillas.  But other than that, it's fantastic!
The ingredients are good quality, and there's a decent selection, so if you manage to mess your meal up, you have no one but yourself to blame.  The soup is rather ordinary, but the "sesame flatbread" is nice.  There isn't much to say about a "Mongolian BBQ" place that doesn't have an extensive menu beyond the grill.
This is really tasty! Very fresh ingredients and everything is very clean. I wish they would put the sauce on for you since it's hard to tell how much to use or how many flavors to combine. But still delicous and healthy. Sesame bread is yummy! Overall, a great deal for the price. I will probably be coming here for lunch at least once a month.
First I ever had Mongolian BBQ. The staff is welcoming and very helpful for first timers. The sauce, veggies and meats are freshly made and slice in house. It's also served with a chicken broth soup and homemade sesame flat bread. The bowl combinations are endless!
one of FEW places I'll miss about Las Vegas.
I stopped here on the way to school, wanting something different. I was confused from the gate as to the way it operated but caught on quick. The food was decent, the only thing that docked it was the guy hassling me for tips when he was just the cashier, not even the cook. I gave him a dollar but I was kinda weirded out by the approach. The food is good tho, I will probably stop in again when next semester starts.
I agree that this place is A-OK.  It is across from UNLV and the name leads itself to "Chinese" but there is a big sign that says "MONGOLIAN BBQ" - a bowl is $8.99 if you get meat, cheaper for veg, $3 more for shrimp eaters.

The veggies were fresh and there was a good selection - bok choy, spinach, tofu, green onions, white onions, carrots, pineapple, bean sprouts, peanuts, baby corn, mushrooms, orange noodles, cabbage, etc....

Interesting mix of sauces to create your own - soy sauce was behind the counter in the hands of the grill master so he added it.  For those who order meat, you can choose chicken, beef or pork or all three.  I got beef.  There was enough food for 3 meals so this was a really good deal.  No complaints!  I would go back.  The service was friendly.
Delicious & affordable...
Customer service is A++

I walked into this restaurant a little confused at first but understood the concept right away.
 I am vegetarian so the veggie bowl is 7$. I filled up my bowl with countless vegetables, tofu, they even have a "meat substitute" if you ask and it is AWESOME! I loaded up with my veggies, sauces, rice & noodles and it was fired up on the mongolian grill!

The food was DELICIOUS, the service was very friendly,and  the new owners approached me to make sure I was having a pleasant experience, which was very nice. 

As an appetizer I had the cream cheese wonton's which were pretty good!

Its right across from UNLV so, I go almost twice a week after class for yummy, quick, and affordable meal!
This location had more vegetable selections than a usual Mongolian place does. We liked it.
Wow, this place is awesome. I didn't know what to expect when I parked my bike up to the entrance but as soon as I got in there I knew it was the place to be. It's buffet meets fast food meets restaurant service, and that combination with the customer service is terrific. Totally affordable, quick, and easy.

Went inside and it has really good use of space, and has a modern feel to it and plenty of areas to sit. I obviously looked slightly lost as I went up to the counter area, but the cook greeted me and asked me if it was my first time there, which it was. He showed me around and told me I could make pretty much anything I wanted. I paid first ($6.99 for a vegetarian bowl), got handed a bowl, and went to town. You go down the buffet and you have a ton of veggies and toppings to choose from. From what I could tell, my meal was completely vegan (until I put honey on the AMAZING sesame flatbread, YUM!) and all the ingredients were super fresh. I picked out some tofu, bean sprouts, zucchini, onion, snow peas, green pepper, and mushrooms. I added some garlic sauce on top, and handed it off to the cook who added some noodles and other sauces (he asked me first if I wanted it spicy, and I declined) and then added it to the big wok behind the counter. Eventually this small bowl I was handed turned into this giant plate that was also served with a side of white rice. He handed the plate to me, and told me to sit anywhere I like. 

After grabbing some chopsticks (don't do it, just eat with a fork - trust me) and some napkins, almost immediately after sitting down I was served the aforementioned sesame flatbread with honey, and a glass of ice water. Freakin' nice. And the food? DELICIOUS. The past few weeks I haven't had much of an appetite, but I ate the whole damn plate. And the bread. And downed the water. It was very tasty and left me really satisfied with the different flavorings of everything. 

This place gets 5 stars for service, convenience, price, cleanliness, and it's only a 5 minute bike ride from my apartment. Epic win! I will definitely be coming back with some friends and some cash to tip the next time because the service really is excellent. Just be really careful, you may be so full that you can't Wok-On-Out!

P.S. As I sat down they played Lady Gaga. As I left they played Katy Perry. This makes Adina a very happy panda and will keep me coming back. Good food + good music = yay!
I was excited to try this place.  We drove all the way from Henderson just to find out it has been closed down!
I went here the other day with my co-workers. Much to our surprise, it's no longer a Mongolian restaurant. It's a Chinese restaurant and we were told it would soon serve Italian and Mexican food as well.

I asked for the lemon chicken and was told that was the only thing on the menu they didn't have. So I went with the sesame chicken. It was pretty good. It was lightly breaded and slightly sweet. However, I did taste sesame. Nor did it have sesame seeds though my co-worker's general chicken had sesame seeds.

The lunch special is $10.99 which is a little pricey. On the upside the owner offered us all a complimentary dessert. They had a pretty nice selection of desserts. I opted for the lemon bar which was moist, tart and had the right amount of sweetness.
We were a little concerned when we heard that Wok On In was a Kosher Mongolian BBQ place, never seen that before, but the second we stepped out of the cab we were sure this was gonna be good.  The smells coming from the restaurant delighted the senses and we quickly went in to see what was in store.  The Mongoliam BBQ was quite delicious, as good as any I've had with super high quality (kosher remember) ingredients.  We also tried some of the middle eastern fair, also delicious, I loved the kibbah and their spicy dips rock.  During our stay in Vegas, we at here 3 times, each time was great and everything from the typical Jewish food to the Mongolian BBQ to the Persian delicacies were all spot on.  Definitely give this place a try and their delivery service was amazing as well.  They gave us chaffing dishes, a crock pot to use pre-Shabbas so our lunch was warm, just amazing food and amazing people.  We loved Wok On In, definitely the best Kosher food in Las Vegas and ranks up there for delicious food with the non-Kosher places as well.
Everyone is right about the customer service there is none...also I have no idea of this is buffet style or not I doesn't feel like it though I was told it is...phone kept ringing and, the owner, I'm assuming didn't even get up to answer it... the food is ok..not a real mongolian bbq..too much oil used...added rice didn't ask for it..tried to get me to add other ingredients I didn't want..not worth the money...go to buffet @ asia instead right down the street
We too had eaten a here under the last owners and loved it. My gosh has this place gone to crap. No service, they plate your selections and the meats were both floating in this bloody ice water as the "hostess" grabbed out a small finger bowl and set it aside. My wife nearly got sick just looking at it as we stood there for 5 minutes alone waiting for a cook. So we just walked out. 
Again, no one to greet you, no explaination of the new process, very gruff when talking to anyone. they grab the ingredients you ask for and try to short you on meat for a set $11 price for one serving. 
Plus they advertise hot dogs and hamburgers, buffet mexican food? At Kosher-mongo BBQ? WTF? Absolutly horrible experience to see such a good place turn to this. I will warn everyone I see to stay away.
I think the health dept would be intrested in how the meat is keep.
Great food. Owner is very pleasant
Confused and being starred at by the owner is frustrating.  We were hungry so we ate... Plus we kinda felt sorry for the lady... I just hope I don't get sick! The BBQ is a great concept but I can't find a good one here in Vegas. 
Keywords
NOT fresh
Oily
Poor customer relations
Dirty
Ugly

If u don't mind those descriptions in the place u eat help yourself...
I really wanted to enjoy this place.  But the food just had a different taste and was very salty to my liking. There was a friendly elderly lady working the counter and Mongolian station. Service was OK as there wasn't much business.  The dining area was large enough for a big party.  It was a little dirty.

I had some Mongolian which you could basically add any or all ingredients with beef or chicken. It was different, at least not my fave.  

They make a variety of Mongolian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and Israeli food.
I'm so confused. I came to this place with a Groupon expecting myself a lunch.

I pulled up to the location and there is not only a sign that said "Closed for renovation", but there was the name of another restaurant painted on the windows and on the billboard on the street.

So did another restaurant take over this location?
Very impressed with everything!
I love so-called Mongolian BBQ but haven't had it in years. During the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, someone setup a Mongolian BBQ restaurant for the month and I think we ate there every night.

To be clear, the Mongolian BBQ concept we know isn't really authentic to Mongolia. It's a pretty Westernized concept. That being said, it's still good. 

In a weeklong trip to my old hometown of Madison, we checked out the bd's Mongolian Grill at East Towne. It's a franchise location with restaurants in 11 states, according to its Web site. We had a group of five - all Mongolian BBQ virgins - including a six year old. It was a big hit.

The thing that stood out above everything was the high level of customer service and training level of the staff - from the host to waiter to cooks. It was a great team environment with lots of energy. If you're new to the process of stacking food in a bowl and having someone else cook it, it can be daunting. The staff does a good job of working you through the system.

Dinner was pretty good value - about $12 for a bowl with rice, a buck more for a salad. And you can go unlimited for another buck. I think our son threw a pound of New York strip into his bowl. I stacked mine with prime rib, shrimp and scallops. It was quick, fun, and healthier than our stop at nearby Old Country Buffet two nights earlier.

Even the six year old had fun watching the process and learning how to use her kids chopsticks.

This is a really good franchise operation! We'll be back on another trip.
This is what I wold call heavy American flavor Mongolian food. Buffalo wing sauce? Fajitas sauce? Wrong.
The service is good till you get to the grill where it is all about showman ship and not about accuracy. Not only was there at least one order messed up every time I went to the grill, I was victim of the sloppiness they call service.
Within a few hours of leaving this place both my fiancee and I started to feel sick to our stomachs and for the next day both had a case of food poisoning. 
I would not even recommend this place to my own mother much less a stranger. 
STAY AWAY.... STAY VERY FAR AWAY from this place.
Food was fine--build your own, but service was terrible. We didn't get silverware (thankfully we found chopsticks up at the grille). No napkins at our booth and they really cheaped out with a single small serving of white rice for the two us. $12.99 each is just simply overpriced for poor service.
I've been to BDs twice.  It's a bit overpriced, I will give it that, but the food is pretty good.  Not to mention there are plenty of choices for everyone.  They have many meat choices.  They have seafood choices.  And they have tofu for those non-meat eating people...no comment.  BD's provides a lot of sauce and spice choices too.  Your food can be pretty flavorful by the end of the whole process.  The grillers are a bit slow.  They tend to dance/show off their "skills," which is rather annoying when you're really hungry.  Overall, it's a pretty awesome restaurant with choices for everyone in the family.
Don't go here.
Lets just say, the idea of this is interesting. I was told to try it because you create your own stir fry. SO for picky eaters, its a good thing. But the experience could have been much better. The people working the grill kept messing up and had to re-do the stri fry 4 times!! Yes 4 times to get it right. They were having a bad night and kept mixing up customers orders. Mixing my stir fry with someone else's sauce. . . have not been back. Maybe I'll try them again but not on a friday night.
I think they should change their name to anything else but Mongolian Grill. I've had much better experience with Mongolian Restaurant in different cities, and I think it's a bit misleading to call it that if you are not going to stand up to its standard. I am not trying to be a hater here, but I believe that everything authentic tastes much better than the wannabes. I mean, I would be so sad if I were a Mongolian to find out about this place.
For example, the rice doesn't taste good, and rice is a staple food in most Asian cuisine and every Asian restaurant should know how to cook good quality rice (seriously, I never complain about rice ever.. and how hard is it to cook decent rice?). The taste of the meat that you pick and got cooked over a big circle grill?? Dissapointing with a capital D. THe sauce choices were so Americanized, and even the soy sauce tastes weird. 
In addition to those, I think it's overpriced, and you have to keep paying extras for additional meat, etc.
This location just opened. One of the best Mongolian places I've ever eaten in. Hoping they put one closer to me.
Totally not a bad place but my experience was a bit tainted by one of the staff. He had his jeans LOW and his underwear hanging out (trendy I know) but he always seemed to be on the verge of losing his britches. He handled his underwear as much as he handled menus and food. Thats an issue.

I would have told the manager but there didn't seem to be one.

This place will get better as it matures and a lot of the initial new hire crew is separated out and we find out who is wheat and who is chaff.
I'm a big fan of the meat and vegetable free for all that is the Mongolian concept but the quality doesn't match the price.  Sorry guys but $14 for that kind of lunch doesn't cut it.
My sister and I went here when we were staying in Scottsdale a couple days ago and I was excited to hit up an actual stir fry place.  I am pretty solid on my 3 rating and I will tell you why... The service at the beginning was pretty good, we were seated right away and we were asked for our drink order right away as well.  The waiter explained to us what the process was and sent us on our way.  We waited in line to find a whole slew of protein ranging from chicken to beef to calamari to ham!  The veggie selection was not too bad either.  There was a great amount of sauces and seasonings but none of them really had descriptions so I wasn't sure what was what.  I stuck with the steamed rice to go along with my stir fry.  The rice wasn't bad but wasn't the best rice I had.  The stir fry was just alright, nothing amazing.

Our waiter really wasn't attentive after our drink order.  I had only one glass of diet coke but at least my sister was able to order a beer, which it looked like they had a pretty good selection of.
I had lunch here the other day, and I have to say it was pretty good. My only other experience with Mongollean style stir fry has been YC's. And I used to find that with YC's no matter what "sauces" you used in preparing your meal, it always tasted the same. 

At Genghis, I fixed up my meal following the direction for Thai Chicken, and it came out tasting like Thai Chicken... with a nice little kick. 

The lunch portions are good. And the server actually walks you through the whole process if it's your first trip.

HUGE selection of different ingredients and topping and sauces. You can follow on of the many "recipes" or create your own. 

I will be back to give this place another go!
I have eaten at the one in Scottsdale a couple times. Great concept but the preparation of the food kills it. They should cook the food in woks. They use these wooden utensils to cook the food on this flat grill. The meat gets sooooo minced up by the time they are done that it looks like dog food. The beef or chicken gets so minced up that it is all tiny pieces in your meal. 

Then the food gets burned on the grill SUPER fast, so after they move it around a few times to cook it, they end up scraping away about 10% of your food cause it is burnt and charred on the grill. Visit and you will see what I mean if you WATCH them cook. Also, seafood like shrimp or scallops cooks faster than meat so if you choose the seafood in your bowl, it all gets cooked at the same time. This results in WAY over cooked shrimps and scallops. And it ends up tasting like crap. 

Id honestly say if you want the variety this place gives, go to a GOOD chinese buffet instead for less money and save your money and you still get great variety.
At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I can put as much rice or noodles as I'd like in my bowl.
At Genghis Grill, my meal only comes up 1/2 a cup of rice.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I mix my own sauces into my meat and noodles and put as much as I'd like in my bowl.
At Genghis Grill, I get yelled at for not following instructions and not putting my sauce into a cup.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I pay at the front, get my bowl, and go through the line, and seat myself.
At Genghis Grill, I get seated at a table, curiously wonder if my purse will be stolen while I'm going through the line, and later given a check prompting me to tip someone who only served me a drink.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, the vegetables all look crisp at the station, and the rice is warm and steamy.
At Genghis Grill, the vegetables are watery, as if they came from 99c cans at the supermarket, and the rice is hard/stale when it comes served in my bowl.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I get complimentary soup/rice/drink/yogurt with my dinner purchase.
At Genghis Grill, I get a big headache and wonder why I didn't just drive down to YC's.
Seriously...I can't make this stuff up..a blonde chick (an employee at the restaurant) with her feet up on the bar with her gnarly converse shoes was our first visual walking into Genghis Grill...then my daughter heard her say as we were standing at stand waiting for somebody to greet us..."My shift is over they are just going to have to wait"..I am glad my daughter told me the comment she made after we had left...anyway the food station was a mess...our actual  "server" was nice enough but we will not be going back...the location near paradise valley mall is much nicer and cleaner!!!
My wife enjoyed her meal, but I'm pretty picky when I experience the same style of food that I've had before, YC's in particular. After being seated, we grabbed our bowls and headed towards the food line. There were three rows of food and condiments. The third row was a little difficult to get to. None of the employees were paying attention to the food. You could see where people had gotten something and it spilled onto the edge of another container of food. The setup was totally inefficient. The selections were so-so. I was surprised that we could only order our noodles or rice at the end. For noodles, they used soba noodles which are a lot thicker than YC's and THEY control the portion. WHERE's THE NOODLES!! And that is one reason out of several, why I won't be back.
I ordered our food online.  I came there to pick it up.  Nobody even asked me anything I had to go and ask for help.  I finally got my food.  Came back to the office.  I started to eat my food and bit in to some weir plastic. I started to look through my food and I found about 6 more pieces of Plastic.  I called to speak to a manager on duty, I told him what happened and he said I am sorry I do not know how plastic into your food.  He assured me that he will credit my card, and will send me a gift card so I can come back to the restaurant because he said he doesnt want to loose a customer.  It has been a month and my card has not been credited and I never received a gift card.  So if you want to go to a restaurant and choke on a plastic as I did, do go to Genghis Grill in North Scottsdale.  The people that work there they can care less about what happens to you!!!!
I keep trying to like this place and each time this place just disappoints. On this particular occasion we went and the place was empty, which is a hard feat in itself. 

The food bar was messy, and most of the items were only half available. The bowls seem to keep getting smaller. 

They also don't much service oriented people around, everyone was pretty snippy and rude, though the employees were congregated at the front of the restaurant playing on their cell phones and speaking inappropriately with us within ear shot.  We went the whole meal without refills and to check up on us.  I know this is a "fast food diy" concept restaurant but for the prices and the fact that there are employees doing nothing a little attention would have done well by this place. 

Meh, is the best this place gets.
As these types of places go it was well below average.  A.better choice would be YC's at Indian Bend near the 101.

This place was not big on being clean and tidy.  Ingredients were not fresh looking on bar.  Presented a bowl that host had his fingers in.  Asked for another and was accommodated but he looked stunned.  All in all a mediocre experience.
I hate these kinds of places where you have to pick out your own food and flavors, but against my better judgement I went anyway. I should have listened to my gut and found something better around the corner. Of course my food was TERRIBLE and instead of being able to be upset with the chef, I had only myself to blame. 

I could have made my own terrible pedestrian stir fry at home!
Food is decent.  Portions good albeit pricing is too high for end result.  Service is horrible.  Been here 5-6 times, wrong food comes out, water not refilled, or takes too long for the check.
I really didn't think this place was as bad as the reviewers have made it out to be.  That said, I've never been to the YC's that's been mentioned, maybe I'd change my tune if I had.  

I've been to lots of Mongolian grills and this seemed right in line with the rest.  I did find it a little strange to have a server, especially since we were about 10 feet from the grill, but it's not a major complaint.  He kept our drinks filled and grabbed some chopsticks for our 4 year old when he overheard that he wanted some.  

The food was tasty and seemed fresh.  I happened to like that the sauces were pre-mixed, it took some guesswork out of it.  A lot of places have "recipes" on the wall so you can make certain types of sauces, but if you don't get it right it can ruin the entire bowl.  I liked knowing what I was going to get.  

FYI - you choose your carbs (rice, noodles, etc) at the grill instead of in the buffet line.  I was a bit confused when they didn't have any to add to my bowl.  I found this nice as well because I didn't have to pile my bowl as high.
This is the second time coming to Genghis Grill and to tell you the true I was a little skeptical in going in again because the service the first time at the Tempe Market where waitresses and waiters were very indiferent to even check periodically or ask if we needed. Anything else also it took a while to get. A re fill on a glass of my iced tea which I set in purppose at the edge of the table empty while staff kept going by acting like it they were very busy also we waited a long time to get our check, the food was good overall
My experience at the Frank Lloyd Wright location was very much rewarding and pleasant the staff was very joyfull and attentive to detail,from the moment we enter the door we were welcome and seated promply by the host and told that Tony will be our waiter which he did an amazing job starting by introducing himself and accomodating us with anything we needed our glasses of iced tea were NEVER empty and check on us in a timely matter I end up taking food home and a container for my iced tea provided by Tony over all service was EXCELLENT Tony you are awesome we will be back again for sure.
We ate lunch here yesterday.  This location was filthy!  Food spilled all over the counter and on the floor.  It was hard not to step in it!  I had to ask if they had more chicken & pork (both of which were nearly empty and hadn't been refilled).  When we were seated the table in our booth was not wiped off and was sticky!  Gross!  We had to ask for water 3 times! Even though we saw at least 3 employees just standing around doing nothing!  C'mon people it's 112 degrees outside!! We're thirsty!!  The service was terrible and the whole dining experience at this location left a bad taste in our mouths!  We will not be back!!!!
We have been to another location near P.V. Mall.  That location is always clean and service is very good.  If you like Genghis Grill Stir Fry...head over to that location!!!
Friendly staff , fresh protein , great sauces  .. Awesome place for a heavy weekend lunch 
By the way if you check in you can get your second bowl for 1/ 2 off.
As far as stir-fry goes, this is extremely mediocre. The food station was a mess and the ingredients weren't fresh, and the blonde hostess was UNBELIEVABLY rude.

If you want real stir-fry with "I'll have leftovers for days" portion sizes and good service, try YC's :)
This place is amazing. You get a small bowl & you get to fill it with as many yummy ingredients as you want. The bowl is small but you can pile it up as high as you want. You pick your sauce and if you want noodles or rice then they grill it up for you. I am not exaggerating when I say this food is amazing, delicious, fantastic.....you get the idea right? If you haven't tried this place go try it! You will not regret it.
This location is CLOSED, as of 2/18/13
We want to like Genghis Grille more than we do and have stopped here every so often hoping it will get better. It hasn't been very busy since their crazy opening over a year ago.

The food is good. You get to select which veggies you want, cooked with the protein of your choice. FYI, when you start building your dish, you need to decide what goes well with what. Too much sauce and everything becomes sloppy. Too little and everything comes out dry. 

Soft drinks and items from the bar are higher than you would expect. Clearly a profit margin for them. Our bill runs about $15 or so a person and seems rich given the ever shrinking bowls.

It's sad when a franchisee (I'm guessing) buys a business and then just ignores their investment and becomes absentee. Several Yelp'ers have written extensively about the poor service and the wait staff talking on their cell phones and ignoring the customers.  We echo these experiences and will take a pass going forward.

Sorry!
I have been searching for a Mongolian BBQ locally since I moved here.  We were just driving down Stephanie near Sunset when we spotted Genghis Grill.  What a pleasant surprise.

Only open a few days the service was well trained which was surprising. You can order appetizers and desserts but the main attraction is the BBQ.  After giving you two silver dishes you fill the larger one with your meats and seafood and then load it up with vegetables.  Be sure to add a lot of them as they will cook down quite a bit.

Next you fill the small bowl with your choice of flavor sauces with everything from flavorful to spicy.  After this you take your bowls to the BBQ where you have your choice of rices, noodles, pasta and even surprisingly tortillas.  You can watch them cook up your own concoction or they will deliver it to your table.  

Our experience wasn't perfect. Our drink was watery and for some reason they said they were out of edamame appetizers which considering they had been open only two days seemed like the had few bugs to work out.  

Overall we plan on going back soon.  While not cheap the meal was tasty, filling and served piping hot.
The food was great but the service was not desirable. They forgot my friend's lettuce wraps and we are on a time budget. It took 30 minutes for them to realize that she did get her food. Then the manager came over to apologize and gave her a buy one and get one bowl 20% off with a purchase of 2 drinks coupon.  And it doesnt apply to the unlimited bowl. They certainly know how to take care of customers (sarcasm). The people working there definitely were new and you can tell that they were being trained at that time. We wanted to pay because we were late for class and asked a different waiter to ring us up. They had to find the original server to deal with bill. 
We would have went back but because this experience kinda blew. I dont think my friends would want to return.
Genghis Grill has it all wrong. If I was from Po-dunkville, Arkansas this would be my idea of Mongolian grilling or healthy stir fry. Since it's the shiny, new restaurant in my neighborhood I thought I would give it a whirl. Plus I had to re balance my Yelp chi since my numbers were 210 and 110 and some poor soul wanted to be my friend so it went to 211 screwing it up. 

INITIAL IMPRESSION: Too many tables in too small of a space. They tried to seat us in between six full tables while the rest of the areas were open. Not gonna happen homey. Also the lighting is too bright. All good, I bet the food and service is amazing. Hahahaha.

SERVICE:  Service was too much yet it fucking sucked. No one understood what Happy Hour was and they effed up every part of my order accept for the bowl I fucking made.  Every time I had a bite in my mouth they would ask me a question. I did not have a chance to relax and enjoy my meal, yet ever five seconds someone was on my nuts about the experience. Overattentive, yet they still managed to mess up our drink and appetizer orders. Things that make you go hmmmm. 
 

FOOD: For a second just envision raw chicken pieces swimming in it's chicken juice. Then you are expected to scoop a bowl of the meat and slime and mix it in the same bowl with your raw veggies and egg. WTF?! Maybe my OCD was just kickin, but it felt wrong and I couldn't do it. Yes, I'm a complicated order bitches. Thanks for reminding me and making a scene about it.  Big effin deal when I asked for a separate bowl for my veggies and egg. The manager came over to talk to me (without an extra bowl in hand mind you) and give me the Stir Fry For Dummies lecture about how it all ends up in the same place anyways. Do I look like a fucking Mongoloid to you Manager man? News Flash Fuck Face: You lost your stir fry credentials when I peeped meatballs and pepperoni on the line so ba-bye. They do have tons of veggies, eggs, seasonings (mostly seasoned salts) and a variety of sauces (high in sugar) to choose from. If you were from the moon or live off of Hamburger Helper you would think you are having a healthy meal and be super proud of yourself. I wish they would offer healthier choices like raw garlic, ginger and low sodium and sugar free sauces to their selections for those of us who know and watch. They do have brown rice so they get a couple snaps for that.

What whacked out Mongolian Grill place also has spaghetti and burritos?! Genghis does and not in a hipster trendy sorta way either. Penn and Teller would definitely call BULLSHIT. The atmosphere was that of a circus or kid's pizza joint with seven screaming men around the grill taking turns lighting fires and banging on the steel drum. The only way that would work for me is if they were topless with six packs, blue eyes and dancing a little. I'd be throwin hundreds, hundreds.

I found the entire experience to be stressful instead of enjoyable and even though the food wasn't too bad it certainly wasn't worth the price or the extra sugar and calories. An hour later my stomach hurt.

 Genghis, you get 2 STARS because I'd rather see your fake stir fry place than a 99 Cent store in my hood any day.
The service left alot to be desired of.  As we arrived, the hostess was polite and friendly and seated us right away.  After that, everything went downhill!  We sat there with not so much as a greeting until the same hostess that seated us had to ask if anyone was helping us.  Finally our server "Twila" finally came and told us that she would be with us.  No sorry for the wait, just sort of it's busy, I'll get to you.  Then she came and then when it came time to explain how the place runs and how to get your food she basically said that she wanted to wait until the other table was ready so that she could take us in a group.  Yep, that's why I came out with my family, to make this a group event!  She must have noticed the looks on our faces because she suddenly changed her mind and said well I can just take you now.  Soon after we started eating our food, she came back and dropped off surveys and asked us to fill them out.  Could we have waited until after we ate to do this?  She then came back 10 minutes later and asked if we were going to fill out the surveys or if she should just take them back. Wow this place gives you mandatory homework with your food!  

The food itself was just ok.  I have eaten at some much better Mongolian BBQ places but unfortunately they are out of town so my hopes were high for this place.  The sauces were a bit too sweet and thick.  The noodles were a bit undercooked.  

At the end of the day the mediocre food is not worth the terrible service.
The food is decent and you choose your ingredients. The kids cooking do a good job, BUT the wait staff is really slow and they do not have their act together. They really go into too much detail on how the place works, it's pretty simply, big bowl is the stuff you want, the little bowl is your seasonings and sauce, take it to the grill and tell them if you want rice, noodles, wrap... Then the fun begins, after it's cooked these kids seem to get confused when they try to deliver the bowl. The first time they asked if I was David, "No David is the waiter, I am Jeff like it says on the card" Duh! Slow refills on drinks, we ordered a dessert and it took longer to get than our entire dining experience. Our check was wrong, blah blah blah...... Good food, the wait staff needs to grow up and be re-trained.
Maybe one day they can have a section where you don't have to deal with a waiter? and stop playing such krap background music!
About two weeks ago, this new Mongolia BBQ joint opened up on Stephanie.  My cousin mentioned how great this place was and wanted to bring me to try them out.  This place is right next to Momo sushi and behind Cox cable.  Walking into this place, you are immediately greeted by the staff.  There's a big grill in the back of the restaurant where their "grill masters" cook your food.  To the right of the hostess station, there's a bar and to the left of the grill masters station, you will see the food options.  

SERVICE:  One piece of advice:  Listen to your server as there are a lot of options and information.  Our server's name was Anthony and was very attentive to our every need.  He explained the process of Mongolian BBQ at Genghis and checked back at our table regularly to help us.  

FOOD:  Build Your Own Bowl for $8.99 (bottomless bowls for an extra $2.00) There are many food options at Genghis.  You can choose the types of protein, the seasoning, the vegetables, the sauces and the starches, as well as the amount- as long as it fits in your bowls!  Your server will give you a metal bowl with separate area for sauce.  You job is to go through the line and choose as many proteins, veggies, sauces and seasonings that you would like.  Here' what I chose:

-Proteins: Chicken, Pork and Shrimp
-Seasonings: Salt, Pepper, Steakhouse Seasoning, Garlic Powder
-Veggies:  Garlic Water, Bok Choy, Green Beans, Water Chestnuts, Cabbage, Carrots, Onions, Squash, Bean Sprouts, Mongo Peppers (bell pepper combo), Green Onions, Mushrooms
-Sauce:  3G sauce -  As stated, robust Asian flavors, tangy and salt, goes well with every kind of protein
-Starch: Fried rice -  A bunch a veggies, soy sauce and eggs

I appreciate the fact that they even had small spoons for sauce tasting and a separate bin to discard your spoons.  After you fill your bowls, you then give your bowls to the grill masters, where they grill it with your starch of choice, then transfer it to a red bowl and WAHLAH!  Your food is served!  The food came fast and the combined flavors were AH-MAZE-ING!  So much flavor, so much punch, so much kick, so much amazingness.  At first, I was going to get the bottomless bowls, but after my first bowl, I was done.  It was perfect for a lunch portion and didn't make me feel lethargic.  The one thing I was thinking of as I ate, was what combination I was going with on my next visit!

AMBIANCE:  I really liked the interactive feel I got from this place.  Choosing your own foods and sauces and waiting for your finished product really seemed to stir up a lot of conversation at our table.  I think the fact that you could also see your food being made and using a Gong to signal servers that the food is ready, makes for a very hip and engaging vibe.  Add in the fact that you have a bar and you have a very trendy restaurant in my opinion. 

BATHROOMS:  What really did it for me was the option to use a Dyson Airblade in the restrooms.  I'm a big advocate for going green and love the Dyson Airblade.  It's nothing short of spectacular and kudos to Genghis for supplying their customers with that!

All in all I would say that this place is a great new addition to the community.  Have I had better Mongolian BBQ?  Yes.  Has those other experiences been here  in Vegas?  No.  I think this is a great option for Vegas and think that the ambiance and service will keep me coming back!
When I drove past Genghis on Stephanie I was like wow, a new Mongolian place! Mongolian BBQ is one of my favorite things to eat, second only to pizza and tied with Mexican food. I've had Mongolian BBQ for almost 20 years now in many different places so I have some previous experience to go on. Genghis hadn't opened at that time so I kinda forgot about it until I read the article in the RJ online that Genghis was now open. My wife was excited about it as well so we grabbed our 2 year old and away we went. 

When we got there and stepped inside we were ambushed by the new and enthusiastic wait staff. We were shown to a table, and we squeezed into our seats. The layout of this location looks like it was designed by an accountant looking for maximum revenue per square foot vs. someone thinking of a pleasant dining experience. Getting a high chair was no problem, getting it to the table was a bit tight. Once seated our waitress hauled out the metal contraption: A piece of stainless steel holding a tiny cup and a itsy-bitsy cup that we would use to build our bowl with. The tiny cup was for the protein, the itsy-bitsy cup was for the sauces. Oh and then we had to give her our names for a card that we had to carry with our tiny cups...a card that is a pain in the rear end to deal with for all involved. After the explanation of the contraption we were released to go make our bowls! But not before getting upsold on the appetizers, we chose potstickers so they would shut up and we proceeded to make our way past the always on the move wait staff in the narrow corridors to the build your bowl stations. 

If this was your first experience with Mongolian BBQ you might be impressed. Oh look, they have chicken, steak, imitation crab,and oooh! Calimari! Yawn! Even with long arms getting to the choices was a stretch and not comfortable. If you were in a wheelchair this would be an exercise in utter futility. The offerings looked like standard food service bulk meat and were nothing special. Next up were the spices. Again to the inexperienced it would appear they had lots of choices. To me it was like they cut the offerings in half from what I've had elsewhere. And the offerings were kinda lame, and didn't really work well for balancing out various spice preferences. But you do your best and try to make it work before heading to the sauces. You juggle your metal contraption, don't drop your name card, and try and ladle in sauces that looked like goo, black goo, brown goo, soy based goo, and more goo. All of it going into that itsy bitsy cup. By now you're like can we get this over with but oh no, next up is the grill! 

At the grill you get asked if you want rice, noodles, they give you several choices. They grab your little card with your name on it, check off what you want, and then in theory they put your bowl contents on the grill, put your card close by, and cook it while keeping track of it all. In reality it's chaos. Paper cards around fire? Dumb. Then there's the wooden sticks being used to move your food. They're soaking in solution prior to being used...and you wonder how long it's been sitting in there. Anyway at this point many people went back to their seats...I stayed and watched as the grillers lost track of order after order, and servers were like who does this belong to, wash, rinse, repeat, ad nauseum. When the food is cooked and slid into their cool looking bowls they ring a pathetic gong and go on to the next usually lost track of order. 

Skipping over getting frustrated when you finally get your food, or the server hopefully gets your order to you it's just ok. Food service meat mixed with lame spices and goo is what it is. While eating your goo you get the servers asking is it ok? Again over and over. The potstickers? You're better off going to Vons and buying Pei-Wei from the frozen foods section and heating it up at home...it tastes better. I had my drink spilled, they were so quick to clean it up that I was like impressed! Best service in Vegas....the floor tiles were barely able to get damp they were on it so fast. Meanwhile my two year old tried the goo...and he's already a vegetarian and he spit out the various unsauced vegetables and flat refused anything smothered in goo. We ordered a cheese quesadilla for him instead...he did eat half of that. 

Overall there's no other way to say it: This place seriously sucks. It's bad when I can get better Mongolian BBQ at Hu-Hot in Lincoln, Nebraska of all places. And the BD's chain with locations in Denver and Kansas City puts Genghis to utter shame. On top of that tack on a $40 check for this slop (1 bowl each, no seconds) and you've got a great "Worst of Las Vegas" candidate. If it wasn't for our server being helpful, I would be howling in protest over giving 1 star. 

At least Walgreens is across the street for the Tums, Tagamet, and Kaopectate you will likely need in about 45 minutes after you leave the parking lot. And I'm not joking either.
Genghis went there for my first time  about 2 weeks ago. Bad Experience , No Bueno. My friends and i went there , i was excited to try Genghis since i love Mongolian BBQ back in california. We first arrived and was greeted and had to wait about 15min. We were jammed against the window in there bad waiting area, were the servers have to pass by with the customers drinks . We were then taken to our table , and squeezed into our seats; felt like a sardine.  The server then came , really nice lady ; and brought over some small silver trays that look like a cat milk bowl ,serious. At first i thought the silver trays were for appetizers, but happen to be the bowl where i was going to make my dish from. The lady then toke us over to the food barr area , the food  barr area was so comfined. It was difficuilt to pick and choose my items because of the glass. When it came to choose my sauces it was so hard to pick and choose since i was given a small cupp. The sauces were like corn syrup and sugary . When it came down to making my bowl i asked for brown  rice and ended up getting no noodles in my bowl. The server then brought me cooked noodles on the side, no flavor what so ever . I was upset and told the serverv that i wasn't happy with my meal she then asked if she could bring me a lettuce wrapped ,  i told her sure. Wasnt excited about the lettuce wrapped .The manager then came and apoligzed and said he would take it off he check. My experience and expectations  were not what i expected if i can give them a Zero Star on the Review i would, but in order for my post to be posted i had to click one star.  Didnt come across as True Monogolian BBQ.
The service was fine, we had a nice waitress that kept our drinks full. For the price I thought it was a pretty small bowl, and it just seems like a game they are playing. You get this small silver cat dish and when they serve it ,it comes in a large red funky shaped bowl. As if no one can figure that out. 
 The fried rice looked ok, the noodles were disgusting. I should have refused to eat them as they made my stomach upset later in the day. Very, very greasy, sauces were sugery.
 They have calories on the wall and I have a sneaking suspicion they are very misleading and the calorie count is probably without the carbs and sauces....
 This place is run in a guise of hoping we don't notice we are being treated like knuckleheads sardined in for an 8.99 bowl of goo. The cat dish is what? to prompt you to what upgrade to a second bowl of goo? 
 Yes, the tables were small, there was 4 people in my party and I was afraid to move my elbow.
 The bill was 45 bucks without tips. ( you get reminded to tip too via signs)... For that amount of money  you are better off going to the Great Greek On Warm Springs and you can eat off their family meal for a few days. By the way two people in the party were hungry later on in the day.. so after spending so much on lunch they weren't even full... seemed extra expensive on that note....    
I was disappointed with the overall experience. It wasn't a total bust but I would not go back unless someone else wanted me to go. In short too much work and aggravation. Getting your own food, squeezing in and out of the tables, and too little of it for the price once you consider tax and tip.
So why would you beat up on a brand new place. obviously these are younger folks just trying to make money by starting here and you folks just throw them under the bus. This is not rocket science  but they do have some highly edumacated folks there.
Yes they are a chain but yes this is new store. The concept is sound, the food is fresh and clean and only bad because you cant figure out how to season it. That is the whole concept. I sit at full service bar and am treated like king with my named asked for and used several times. Drink and food club stuff avail. All you can eat for 14.00 is cheap. If you dont know how to fill one bowl to the max and dont understand how meat shrinks when you cook it then pay the extra 3 bucks cheapass. I have been waiting for good Mongo since that place went TU on Flamingo near UNLV. 
Give these guys a chance, ask questions the first time you are there, they will gladly help you out. Most of all give immediate common sence feedback on table size and such so they can at least look into improveing your crummy little life experience. Dont just go once, like it but whine about it!
Okay so this place is not a restaurant you want impress your first dinner date with, but the loud, spirited stir fryers who cook up your Mongolian BBQ dish exhibition style (fire & all)  makes it a chill place you want to get together with your family and friends.  It's a AYCE joint.  There's a salad bar type area where you build and create your stir fry dish. Reminds me of the buffet part of Fiesta, but here you have more choices. 

Ambiance - Contemporary design, casual atmosphere, the tables were a little squished in and noisy from everyone talking so loud that busy body me knows what's up in your life cause I can hear your convo. heh heh. 

Service - Was greeted and seated right away....which was surprising considering it was super busy.  Our server Janine did great  She always checked up on us, kept our drinks filled and kept us up on the status of food which was being prepared. I didn't feel that our server offering us appetizers was "up selling" whatsoever, it's like at the burger place asking if you want fries with that? Just say no thanks that's all if ya dont want any. 

Food - All the ingredients appeared fresh, the meats were cold, I didn't see any meats that were soaking in their juices that I had read in some reviews. (believe me I would've just left if I saw that)  The veggie choices were also at cold temps and were crisp.  The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the noodles I chose the first time around.  My husband really liked Udon noodles  though.   So the second round I passed on starches and loaded up on tofu, veggies, lil bit of beef, 2 seasonings, cilantro, skipped up on the starches and got a lettuce wrap instead. When I tried my second bowl of stir fry I was pleasantly surprised at my creation it turned out pretty good! My suggestion, skip the salt and  ease up on the sauces.  You dont want to drown out your dish with more than 1/2 a cup of sauce. It might end up being too salty or too sweet taking way the flavor of your dish instead of enhancing it.  Hence that "tiny" cup of sauce should be more than enough.  Or check out the little card recipes as your guide. That's your safest bet on your meal turning out good.

Both my husband and I liked our food creations and we enjoyed our first dining experience here.
Initial Impression and experience: So I have always loved Mongolian BBQ. I've dined at many in CA over the years, and this is the first one I've been to here in NV. When we walked up we were greeted outside the door and followed in to be seated right away. That was nice. We were sat at a table and told out waiter would be right with us. He came over and asked if we had ever been there. We said no, so he explained how it all works. Pretty easy to figure out, but whatever, we listened anyway. We got up and went to the food counter. All the food looked fresh and crisp. It was a little difficult to reach some of the items in the back because of the very low sneeze guard. The bowl they give you is VERY small, so everything you try to overstack falls off  :/ We watched them cook our food for a minute, and they came over to let us know our appetizer was on the table for us. So we went over to sit and eat.

Service: Service was on the a lot to be desired side. We each had a drink and they never refilled them for us. They actually took my boyfriends cup (like they were going to refill it) but never brought it back. They listened to my 13 year son over me on whether or not he was going to get all you can eat and brought him a second bowl to fill up anyway. I had to again tell them no, we are not getting all you can eat.

Food: The food was fresh and very good sauces and spices were available.

Price: TOO EXPENSIVE. There were 3 of us and we each got 1 bowl, an appetizer to share, and each a drink and we spent over $50. Too much to pay if you don't even end up with some left overs to take home. The price would have been fine if it was all you can eat that we did, but not for 1 tiny bowl.

Overall: We enjoyed the food a lot, but there wasn't enough and it was too expensive. I would go back, but not for the price. Like another person said, it's almost double what you would pay in CA for the same thing. You can even get close to this same type of food at any buffet here is Vegas and pay less, but have other options as well. I really liked the food and would love to go back, but only if they drop their prices.
Just had a weekday lunch here and it there was a nice crowd - so I was hopeful it was going to be GREAT! But after the so-so experience I don't think that were rushing back anytime soon.  Staff was great - we were seated and explained the process since we were 1st timers - we then followed her to the buffet line where you pick your own ingredients - so if it doesn't taste good - that's your own fault.  They have a menu board and the ingredients that go into it - but you have to make it yourself.  I tried to follow along - but got lost and just started adding what I thought went into it.  I would suggest piling up your bowl with your favorites and don't go too heavy on the sauce.  I didn't pile on enough so when my bowl came it was very sad looking - and tasted just OK.  We also ordered pot stickers which I would not recommend.  Tasted like it was frozen and just heated up, and the sauce was like it was from a bottle.  I would say it is FUN to experience this at least once - but don't set you expectation too high.  Remember - if it doesn't taste absolutely delicious - that is no ones fault but your own as  you chose the ingredients.
I really like Genghis Grill, but this location tried to cram about 20 tables too many into its small space. Kind of claustrophobic, so I recommend sitting at the tables in the bar area. If the food is bad, it's kind of your own fault since you chose what went in it! :)
Last night a few of us went to Genghis after work to have some Mongolian BBQ and drinks.  It was Friday, a long week and we deserved it!

If you look at my last update, you'll know that this place has a lot to choose from.  This time, I decided to get the bottomless dinner bowl for $13.99.  I tried getting the Udon noodles on my first bowl and wasn't impressed.  The noodles didn't take much of the flavor I hoped it would.  Got the fried rice in my second bowl and I was a happy camper.  Love putting pork and shrimp in there, plus a lot of texture, like bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and other crunchy veggies.  

At the end of my meal, I had to try the molten lava cake with ice cream for $4.99.  It was a light and fluffy cake, filled with fudge.  If you get this dessert, I would recommend adding the ice cream in to bring another flavor to the chocolate.  All in all, it was was great dessert and a great way to end my dinner there.

Last night was a wonderful time.  Great company, good food and great service!  Janean was our server and she was super attentive and funny as heck.  I know that the table next to us didn't have a great time with her, but I never judge the service by someone else.  Everyone has their own levels of service expectations and mine includes forgiveness.  With Janean though, there were no red flags and I truly appreciated her calling us by our first names at all times.

I have a great appreciation for this place and I know that you will too!  Be sure to stop by and get some Mongolian goodness!
Finally tried it. Its a bit on the pricey side and they try their hardest to slow you down so you don't eat that much and up sell all the expensive appetizers and fancy drinks. They bring you these little dinky bowls to put your stuff in, which when cooked will amount to about 1/2 chinese food take out container. Have to get the all you can eat, or you'll starve to death from lack of food. They have way too many employees working at one time, they could get rid of about half of them and still run the place efficiently and maybe drop the bowl a buck or two, however the waitress we had was friendly, informative & helpful. The format is awkward at best compared to all the rest of the Mongolian BBQ's I have been to across the nation as they try to make this a restaurant experience & show instead of a Mongolian BBQ. It gets extremely crowded during the dinner hours and extremely loud, so crowded your practically bumping elbows with the party next to you. When you get up 3 tables have got to slide out of your way so you can squeeze through the little 4 inches in between tables (little over done, but you get the point). Kinda curious why they put on a "fire show" when they want you to sit down after giving them your bowl, you cant see it due to the booths and the yelling and gonging is kinda annoying.

If your tall like me, expect a workout to get anything under the sneeze guards. This place must of been designed by midgets (no offense to midget architects). The meats are average and they have a fair selection of veggies, but the sauces are either too sugary or too salty and unusually thick (like molasses) and its hard to fine tune to taste especially for heat. Don't listen to them when they say their sauces are hot. I dumped a ton of their real hot one (Khanzu Sauce) and it barely spiced it at all, and their powdered spices don't do much either.  But all said, I can make a fairly tasty bowl and that's why we came. Roommate really liked the Curry Peanut Sauce.

If I was on this side of town, and wanting Mongolian "style" BBQ, I would visit again. I figure I'll get the sauces down eventually, but it is definitely not worth a special trip or traveling from afar like from the Strip or Summerlin.

Well see if this place survives (which I doubt), its WAY too expensive for what you get.
*This review does not reflect the great service I got by my waitress Jen*

Please excuse the vulgarity of this review**

 By no means is this place a mongolian bbq, or should even have the word mongolian in its title. What a disgrace to the mongolian people. All the bad reviews on yelp nail this one. You put your gross tasting meats in your itty bitty bowl, pick from a selection of terrible veggie combinations then add goopy, thick, slimy sauces that make no sense on why anyone would ever consume such a thing. After taking a few bites and being unsatisfied we desided to let the manager know how gross it is, in a polite way, and she tells us if we come back we can make fajitas from their odd variety next time. Yes, because when I think of mongolian, I think of fajitas..?.. i think I just died a lil inside.

Not only save your money, but save your time and life, go across to arbys and eat atleast 20 beef sandwiches and I doubt the stomach ache from that wont add up to the stomach ache youll get from a few bites of this place.you know a place is bad you have the immediate urge to take a scolding hot shower shortly after eating. I feel dirty :(
Read a few of the negative reviews below and felt like I had to respond.  First of all if you limit yourself to the size of the bowl then of course you will leave hungry.  However if you know how to stack your bowl properly you will not only leave full but will have enough left over for another meal.  There are several GG in Az and my husband and I ate there A LOT when we lived in Phx.  I always took it as a personal challenge to see how high I could pile my bowl.  I've gotten it so high before that they had to serve it to me in two of their red bowls.  So if you leave the GG hungry its because you barely put anything in the bowl, and yes veggies do shrink.  As far as the Mongolian BBQ thing... Its not a mongolian BBQ its a grill.  Its very similar to any other Mongolian grill ive ever been to with the exception of the high quality meats they have at the GG.  So pretty much its up to you how your food tastes because you make your own sauce.

I have been a regular at the GG for years(granted not this location) and have always left happy and full.  I was very excited to see one here in Las Vegas and after dining there I can say they did not disappoint.  The service was fantastic, the staff was friendly, and the manager came out several times to check on us.  I think this place is def worth a stop.  Be sure to try and figure out how to maximize your tiny bowl.  A little creative stacking goes a long way!
I love this place.  It allows me to get great quality and healthy food at a cost of only $10.99 per bowl.  The service is still getting up to par but it doesn't out weigh the food or the experience.  I wouled highly recommend.  I did find seating kinda cramped.
Food was fabulous. We went there this afternoon. There was a nice crowd there but we were sat right away. They have a 5 step process to making your own "bowls".
After going through the buffet style station, you bring your bowl to the cooks and  they get the show on the road. Our lunch was done and on our table in about 7-8 minutes.

My only complaints aren't that serious but still bothered me none the less...

1- It was bitterly cold in there! I was literally shivering as I tried to eat lunch. I'm not one to get cold so for me to be FREEZING.. the AC was definitely on too high. 

2- While going along the line making our bowls, there were three rows of random ingredients. I couldn't reach the back row! My husband had to reach anything I wanted for me. The woman behind me had the same problem. Not everyone has gorilla arms! Cater to everyone please! Buy longer spoons! 

Outside of that, everything was great. Our server "Sasha" was very informative and was knowledgeable. She answered all the questions we had about sauces and food allergies.

Will be back again soon! Yum!
Went he for lunch and it was not overly crowded (yay!) Our waitress came, took our drink orders, asked about food allergies and (because I'm new to Mongolian BBQ) explained how the process works. Having a recipe chart up on the wall really helped. I went with Beef & Broccoli but was able to add ingredients I enjoy, but aren't normally in this dish. It was fantastic!

I had peach tea to drink and it was very weak in peach flavor. It wasn't sweetened, which for me is a plus. The only negative is the big f-ing gong the cooks beat like an enemy if/when they get a tip. If the gong bothers you don't tip them.

Will definitely be going back again in the future.
Amazing!  Glad they finally opened one here in Vegas.  They have one back in my home town and its always a big hit.  Honestly if you think it's not good its probably only your own fault for not fixing your bowl right.
I'm actually pretty familiar with Genghis Grill during the old days of my Dallas misadventures.  I used to frequent the place quite often, and was sorry to lose it as one of my restaurant choices when I moved to the West coast.  Well, now it's back.  Or here, I guess is the better way to put it.

I've noticed reviews are all over the place for the restaurant, but my experience was good.  We got there before the dinner crowd, so we were seated quickly and ready to be served.  We did the "Build A Bowl" option, and for a $10.99 single bowl dinner price, that was more than fair, though the option to go "unlimited" is an extra $3.

Basically, there are a number of meats, vegetables, sauces and starches (noodles, rice, tortilla) to chose from.  You can choose how much you want of everything, and pick whatever ingredient options you want.  Because of the options, you can choose a lot of related things, or go for some pretty outlandish mixtures.  But it's on you if things actually go well together or not, so if you make something you don't like or didn't get enough.... Well, you made it, so there you go.

I created a veritable feast of meats, with enough garlic to kill off the cast of "True Blood".  You hang out, while they cook everything up on this huge circular grill, and after a few minutes, the meal is yours.

The options seemed to have changed/expanded since my initial Lone Star State visits, but really, all I cared about was my self-made meal.  And that's probably all I'll ever really care about during another return.

Service was pleasant and appreciative.  They also seem very conscientious about being respectful to food allergies.  While I have none, I'm sure someone will appreciate the extra "Is this okay" check-in.  Drinks were refilled quickly, the manager came over to chat and ask about our food experience.  And we got out just before they got slammed with customers.  And they do carry out, as long as it's not the "All You Can Eat" option.

All in all, I was pretty satisfied to revisit a familiar experience.  I will echo someone else's statement that I hope they open another location on the west side of town, because it's a bit of a drive, but nothing out of control.

Glad for a new food option.  I'll be checking it out again.
Really good, fast, and can be super healthy' or not.

Its a build it yourself place, so if you don't know what to make for yourself, ask. 

Expected a fast food style place, definitely not, in a good way.
Redemption?: After a 1 Star Review, has Genghis improved? With family in from Nebraska who wanted Mongolian BBQ it was time to find out. And after my 1st review of this place brought me a LOT of flak, private messages, and even some hate messages, I was like I'm going to wait to do a 2nd review. But that time is now and here it is. (I edited / added to this review, critics can go read the additional comments at the bottom.)

We went in for lunch on a Friday and I stayed quiet acting like I had never been there before as the person with me had not been there. We were seated promptly and given our super tiny little dog bowl for our meat choices and the hamster sized water cup for our sauces and listened to the whole spiel. Then we got dragged up to the counter and was having the process of bowl building explained when we got rushed through it as another horde of people started to come through. 

It's still a pain in the rear to reach the food offerings to build your bowl with, the calimari and high end meats are gone, the spices are lame as I said before, and the black and brown goo sauce choices are still there. The same slow griller process is also in place, and yes they still use the absolutely asinine cards with the bowls to keep track of things. ( BD's does it so much better! ) The person I was with kept comparing it to HuHot in Lincoln, NE and she said out loud that this process sucked. 

The food we got was ok. I ignored the griller recommendations and went with brown rice. Brown rice is hard to mess up, and it provides some food stability. (It's that Misti Y influence at work again.)  It's one item that usually won't suck. It was a good choice as this time the food was not as bad as last time.  But after I got tired of using the chopsticks I went to unwrap one of the cheapest food service mass produced forks in history only to find it's DIRTY! SCREECHING HALT IN PROGRESS, oh no Boo-Boo, we don't do dirty utensils. You will bring me another one like right freakin now! 4 min later a new fork arrives and I eat the rest of my lukewarm bowl. Across the table she barely eats about 1/4 of her bowl. Now keep in mind she's not inexperienced at Mongolian BBQ, she's ate it in 6 states, multiple different places too, and for her to only eat 1/4 of her bowl...ugh. I ask for her opinion, and she's nice and says it's "ok". Then I ask about how they compare to BD's and she's like this place sucks compared to them. Enough said. So after getting one more offer to buy an overpriced dessert we get our check. With an 18% tip it's almost $29 for 2 people to have lunch. Choking back that I just got seriously ripped off feeling I signed the check and headed for the door. 

I did tell the staff that things have improved (Hey, they didn't spill something at the table this time so I was being honest!) But 45 min later I began to get sick. Did you know that from Pecos and Sunset to Sunset and I-515 there are 4 Terribles locations with bathrooms? I can now give reviews on 2 out of those 4 thanks to Genghis Grill's food. What's worse is when 2 people have urgent needs to use the same bathrooms. They need bigger restroom facilities that can handle more than 1 person at a time. There's also a great CVS pharmacy close to the Fox 5 studios on Sunset that sells Imodium tablets that kept our Friday from being an ode to Charmin type day. 

I'm sorry but 1 Star is where this crappy place stays, and it gets bumped to my Call the Health Department list as my stomach still hurts almost 24 hours later.

Edit: 
1: I know how to SERIOUSLY stack. And I still feel the bowls are way too small compared to their competitors offerings. 
2: The sauces suck, period. I will mix my own sauces, I don't need someone to do it for me. And as for the product they've dumped out there for people to use, I can get better stuff at Vons off the shelf. 
3: Pricing even with sales tax variations is still higher when compared with Denver, Kansas City, and Minneapolis. How do I know? I just got off the phone after calling and asking and comparing it against the receipt I have in my hand. 
4: If the Clark County Health Dept wasn't in such disarray of late I'd walk in a complaint in person on Monday since I'll be downtown. Might just do it anyway. An inspection would do this place some good. Buying Imodium after the fact should NOT be part of my lunch time costs. People can squawk all they want but restaurant food should not make multiple people sick after it's consumed. And there's not a critic on here that should question that. 

I take these reviews with the utmost seriousness as I learned from Chef Gio at Old School Pizzeria that these reviews have impact. These reviews can make or even break a business. I don't write 1 star reviews for spite, I simply call it as I experience it.
Read over the negitive reviews and I don't get it. I have lived all over this country and eaten at many Mongolian grills and the Genghis in Henderson is great. Complaining about the size bowls??? What, they are the size and everywhere else that I have eaten. Part of the skill at a grill is to know how to stack yoour veg and protein. I have never been there when the food was anything other than fresh. The comment about sauce not being cooked with the food? I don't get that either. Same with pricing. It is not over priced. I am just stunned by the reviews. Not at all with our experiences there.
I took my teenage daughter here on a Saturday afternoon while we were running errands & was very pleased.  While I was familiar with the concept of Mongolian BBQ, she was not, so the waitress took her time explaining exactly what needed to happen.  I had to help out a little bit along the way, but the waitress (Kat?) was great.  

We went down the food-bar making our bowls, and while yes, the silver bowls that they give you are pretty small, it's pretty easy to stack all of the things you want inside.  Personally, I ended up with a bowl of food that was bigger than I could eat, as did my daughter.

The choices were good, though there were a few things that I felt were missing.  I would have liked some better options in the produce, but it was still pretty good.  There were a LOT of protein options - steak, chicken, shrimp, sausage, etc.  I used marinaded steak and shrimp.  Sauces and spices - again a lot of options.  As I'd never been here, I wasn't sure what I wanted, but I pieced it together and was happy with the end product.

To top it off, your carb is separate.  While many places give you a bigger bowl, you often have to stuff your noodles in there as well as the meats and veggies.  Genghis doesn't do it that way.  When you give your bowl to the chef, you tell him which carb you want.  I went with the Udon and was happy to see that they were Udon noodles and not spaghetti noodles, like I sometimes see.

All in all, a good experience.  I'd like to go back again sometime for dinner & try the scallops.
I enjoy making and watching other people trying to stack pounds of stuff on the bowls trying to get their moneys worth:) the food is always good and service is pretty smooth. the first two times the messed up my rice but were quick to offer to fix it.
The only two things I miss about living in Michigan are BD's and Flat Top Grill.  I have literally rerouted airplane trips to have layovers in Chicago and Dallas so I can run out for a bowl.  Thus I watched the construction of Genghis with baited breath and high fived the lord for putting it two blocks from my office.  For years, I got stirfry once or twice a week because one bowl lasts two meals (am I right, pro-stackers?!)

Sadly, it's been eight trips so far, and the place is still not quite right.  I will absolutely keep eating there, but I always tell them honestly when they ask how my visit was, and many of the frequent irritations seem easy to fix!  (Watch out, TL;DR coming!)


THE BAD:

1) The habitual mistake I see every time is how the grillers dump the bowl and walk away.  I have even watched my pile sit still until it's time to sauce.  The word "stir" in "stir fry" should have been on Day One of training, guys.  Move that shit around!   Aside from the performance aspect (which is supposed to be one of the selling features), it prevents food from burning itself to the grill, and flaking charred remains into my meal.  When you watch them plate your bowl, you see a thin black layer of food lost to the grill, which wouldn't happen if they kept the piles moving.  I cringe to think how much wasted food is hauled out of that trap every night.  At BD's the guys rotate around the grill, so every pile gets flipped a few times.  There's a fine line between leaving it long enough to brown, and ignoring it so long it burns.  I lose half my crab every meal because it's left behind, blackened to the grill.  STIR!  MORE!

2) The guys who designed the buffet dimensions suck and the store owners should demand a do-over.  I imagine it's hard to think of every body size and ability, but the back row is so far behind the sneeze guard, I literally have to bend over and press my shoulder against the rail to stretch far enough.  For a while, they had a guy back there handing you the unreachables.  Considering how much shrimp I eat, I sympathize with their tactics ... but the message is clear when they have two rows of fish and the shrimp in back: They don't want you eating it!  I've gone at 4:00 and the scallops weren't out yet, so I can only imagine they somehow create an additional barrier.  Portion it out in plastic cups if the cost is killing you!

3) The cooks need improvement for reading the card instructions, something time will fix I hope.  I have asked for rice on the side, and it was mixed.  I have asked for an extra sauce cup and they told me I have to ask my server.  I walked five feet over and grabbed it myself from the station.  I have asked for my bowl to go, and they handed me a plate.  I have gotten a bowl to go, and they handed me a To Go box sitting on a plate.  I ended up walking over to the server station and bagging it myself.  Rookie moves, guys!

4) The appetizers are disappointing.  Twice I have ordered appetizers and they arrived after my bowl.  The citrus salt is too strong on the edamame.  The lettuce gets soggy when you pour all the meat over all the lettuce.  Some lettuce should be on the side so it can stay crisp -- pouring hot meat and sauce on lettuce equals limp cooked lettuce for the last half of the dish!


THE GOOD:

1) After a few rough trips, we wrote an email listing our problems and the manager invited us back for a free meal.  Gold star response!

2) I pay $9 for Teriyaki Madness, and can get Genghis To Go in the same time for a dollar more -- but I get all the "Surf N Turf" I can stack.  I eat half for lunch and the rest for dinner.  Anyone who complains about the size of the bowls isn't doing it right and/or expecting the business to lose money.  I punish the Station Buffets like anyone else, but stand-alone restaurant owners walk a razor thin margin.  There's plenty of food and money for us all to go home happy and full, folks.

3) My friends and I have gotten diabolical with the game of stacking over the years.  My personal best involves tucking snowpeas along the rim to create a retaining wall, and pressing the meat down with a broccoli floret (don't use the tongs, because someone might be allergic to something else touched in your bowl.)  We are easily amused.  ;-)
Good quality of food, and very kid friendly. A little pricey, which explains why it isn't 5 stars. Great fire show! My son loved it when they cleaned the grill. The portions are somewhat smaller than I expected. To be quite honest, the whole process of getting your food is a little confusing. I don't like the idea of the public being able to touch their own raw meat for some reason. It grosses me out. All the same....it's adequate but not fantastic.
Well, I can see why they did not actually put Mongolian BBQ on the sign but like a few other reviews have put, they do say stir fry.... To say I am some sort of Mongolian BBQ snob is in no way true but I will say, living in Northern California you definitely get spoiled having some great Mongolian BBQ spots to go check out. Now please remember, when I say Mongolian BBQ place I am talking about bowls the size of buckets and that you fill with the thinly sliced meat and then have your boxing buddy beat the hell out of the meat so you can fit all the veggies and then create the mount Shasta of noodles on top and then flood the bowl with great sauces. That is what got our mouths watering when we say the sign for this place as well as the guy walking to his car in the parking lot talking about how amazing it was. 

Perfect, we found a Mongolian place that the customers outside think is amazing.... Let me start by saying I would love to find out how often that guy eats spaghettio's for dinner because this place was the farthest thing from amazing. We were seated and given a menu, looking over it and seeing that one bowl is something like $10 plus $3 for all you can eat that should have been the red flag but then when the waitress brought our our pet food dishes I really should have known. We were handed 3 bowls if that is what you call them with some piece of paper that you have to pull some cirque stuff to hang onto. Let me explain these bowls, One is for your meat which is quite small and then the largest is for your veggies, now don't let the word largest fool you because it is far from that and they also give you this cup for sauce, it looks like the cups you get at chili's when you ask for a side of ranch. Really?? That just wont cut it for us saucy types. 

Oh but Ray, the meat selection is the redemption.. Ha, sorry Mr. Genghis, the last time I check Peperoni and sausage sure as hell don't belong in Mongolian BBQ let alone a stir fry. Are you sure this isn't a pizza joint in disguise. I walked up to the meat and the chicken was floating in its own......well I'm not quite sure what that is that it is floating in but I know that it cant be good. I was so utterly disgusted by the choice we had just made to eat here but decided to give it a chance and move on down the line. Once you finish walking down the line you tell the guy at the grill what kind of noodles you want including spaghetti noodle... What the hell?!?! 

So, by this time you have picked your ridiculous meat and your terrible veggies and filled your shot glass with sauce and handed it over to Brad the Mongolian Chef and you are counting on him to make it all better and well this is where the trip to Mongolia crash and burns literally, Burns. He dumps the bowls of goods on the burner and left it sitting there while they rang some crazy gong and damn near lit the place on fire. I guess it entertained the kids but while they are being entertained my food was charring.  I would much rather watch that guy skip around the grill turning my food while yelling ye-haw. That would definitely entertain me more since my food would be cooked correctly. Now for the biggest trick they attempt to pull, they have these bowls that are shaped like a piece of modern art that look gigantic but that is the one side the other sits about as high as the side of an inflatable raft in the ocean, if you are not sure what that is like just try it and you will see. 

If you haven't figured out buy now, this is not a place that I would recommend and the fact that my wife and I both had terrible stomach pains that night after eating here guarantees we will never set foot back in this place and will definitely make sure our friends don't make the same mistake we did by thinking this was a Mongolian BBQ
The food is amazing.  You get to make it how you like it and with so many options for meats, veggies, spices, and sauces, if it taste bad than you probably picked the wrong combinations.  Ive been twice in the last week and look forward to eating here again.  For $10 I got more than I could eat and took the rest home.  Yeah you can pay a few bucks more for all you can eat, but if you pack as much into your first bowl you probably won't need any more.  I love spicy food, so I made a bowl of seasoned beef, chicken, brocoli, lots of jalepenos, peppers, garlic and used 2 different sauces and it was amazing.  My wife and kid love this place as well.  I definetly would suggest giving this place a try.  The servers have also been very polite and the atmosphere is exactly what I would expect which is a nice cozy place to enjoy a meal.  This is now my 2nd favorite place to eat after (El-Torito Cafe)!!!
Really, really good! We first walked in, and just stood there for a long time. Almost left, but they had just opened and we gave them time. Once we were seated, we met Mia. It was our first time there. We chose to make our own bowl. She walked us over, explained how it worked and let us loose on deciding what wonderful, fresh meat, veggies and sauces we wanted. 

They have cards that offer suggestions on what to choose, or you can choose whatever sounds good. Get more veggies than you think...smashing it down in the bowl as you go along...as they cook down. I loved the idea of grabbing an egg so there would be scrambled egg in the mix, so don't forget to grab the egg along the way if that's what you like. Yum!

Really liked the experience. Mia checked back with us, as did the manager. Really loved the food! The service was great. We were really glad we didn't listen to the random bad reviews. This place is great.
Very happy to this open up.  I love mongolian barbeque and anytime I go to a buffet I order this fresh.  Nothing at a buffet at a local casino compares to Genghis Grill - there were more choices in meat, veggies, spices and sauces.  I do agree with other reviewers there are way too many tables in it and I could not reach the back row to get the shrimp and other options since I am 5'2 and have short arms.  I did like the TVs and got to watch some soccer and loved the decor.  We will give it a try again.
I've been to this place in Phoenix and I was super psyched when one opened in Las Vegas! I'm glad it's here but it's not my favorite. I eat here about twice a month anyway because it's an easy way to get your veggies and it's cheap.

You go in, sit down, order your drink and get a bowl. Then you belly up to the bar and fix your own bowl. Drop it at the grill and your server delivers it to your table when it is ready. 

THE BAD:

The bar is usually dirty which freaks me out. I know it's hard to keep the place clean but geez, sometimes it is downright nasty. The cooks also NEVER cook my bowls enough. I ask for it super well done / almost blackened and every single time my shrimp comes out opaque and I have to tell 'em to cook it more. I also experience tummy issues an hour or so after eating here...maybe from all the fiber? I don't know. 

Another thing I really hate is that EVERY SINGLE TIME I have eaten here, the server has felt the need to comment on how many bowls I've eaten. We've had probably 8 different waiters and they all say something about it. I'm not fat (and there's nothing wrong with being chunky) but I can eat, and it makes me really uncomfortable when people feel like they have to say things like "wow, this is your THIRD BOWL?" Maybe corporate teaches them to do that so they will shame you into not getting another plate of shrimp. (And by the way, my bowls are usually 100% veggies; I don't like that meat that swims in its own...juices on the bar)! 

THE GOOD:

You can pile on all the meat and veggies you want. It's fun to play chef and create a bowl with all the different dry spices and wet sauces. I usually pay the additional $3 to add on the all-you-can-eat bowl because it makes it easier to experiment. If you don't like the first bowl, make another. 

The iced tea is freshly brewed and really good, and they have Coke Zero. I also love that there are lots of protein choices (marinated steak, chicken breast, shrimp, turkey, and more) and you can choose a starch (tortillas, noodles, rice) or just have none at all (I usually have no starch). 

It's an easy place to get full for under $30 for two. I've noticed the crowds have died down significantly since the place opened. It used to be packed and you had to wait to eat but now you can walk in pretty much any time of the day. A decent place to go and one that I'll continue to visit.
This place was awesome!  I've been to many Mongolian grills before, but this tops them all.  Truly excellent selection of meats, vegetables, sauces.  Really nice dining format too.  You are seated like a normal restaurant, then you walk through a buffet style area to fill up your bowl with as much as you'd like, drop it off at the grill, and then they bring it to you.

As of this writing they've only been open about three months, but the people were already streaming in at 5pm!  It looks to be a franchise based on the quality of the environment and the whole dining process.  Very friendly and informative staff.

I'm already looking forward to going again.  Prices are great too...about $10, plus you can go with a "bottomless" bowl for only an extra $3.  Wide drink selection.
Yum! This place is convenient because it's close to my house and it's also very good. You basically pick all the meat, veggies, and sauce you like and bring it over to get cooked. Food usually comes out fairly quickly. For the starch items, I like to do a combo of half fried rice and half udon noodles. It's usually more than enough food for me. Good stuff!
The Good:

Presentation.  It is hands-on.  As expected in a Mongolian grill, you walk around the station where you can pick your Proteins (Good meats), Spices, Veggies, Sauces.  I felt they had adequate number of choices there.  The quality of selection looked and tasted good.  Once you make your choices, you walk up to the grill where your selection of food combined with your choice of Starch (Rice/Fried Rice/Udon Noodles/Pasta) is cooked on a large grill.  It is fun to sense (both watch and smell) your food while it is being cooked.

Outside of food quality, the place has lot of information to offer you through their large labels/signs posted all around on walls.  Waiting staff is young and friendly.  It is a hands-on dining experience. Do not expect a white glove service.  

The Bad:
You got to ask for second bowl ($2 additional) if you feel like going for a second time around the food station and have more food cooked for you.  Problem is not with additional $2, but to reach out and ask the waiter for a second bowl.  You don't want any wait times or that wicked you-eat-a-lot smirk on your waiter's face while you are on a food quest like one real Genghis. Do you?
Servers are easily destracted. Our server had 3 tables including us and looked to be sweeping the floor across the way. Slow refills on drinks and when I finally asked for our check, she could be seen in the back office room munching out on her own dinner. My bowl items were not well mixed when cooking and I got a bite of nothing but a ball of sauce! We are done and left our "rewards" card on the table, they always forget to put points on it anyways. done.
I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, wanted to like this place. Let's start w the positive. Nice atmosphere, liked the bar and the fact that we could get mixed drinks, great staff! VERY friendly and helpful! Definitely the best looking Mongolian place I've been to. Unfortunately you can not eat all the above! If so it would be a 5 star joint. The food... Well it's hard to explain but it's not Mongolian BBQ. If they'd have left the mongolian out of the name and just called it Genghis Grill Stir fry, maybe I'd feel different. I just expected real Mongolian. I know it's a chain restaurant and you can tell they spent some dough in this place. But how do you screw Mongolian up? It's like these cats way over thought the concept? The meat was not good. The veggies combos were all wrong. And the sauces, which a prob the most important part were to thick! Way to thick. I don't care about the metal bowls and the cooks banging the gong when tipped, all I wanted was some descent Mongolian. What they have is way over done corporate over americanized Stir Fry. 
Apparently you can get fajitas though? All you can eat! What a joke!
My friend has been wanting me to try this place for quite some time. She says that the choices are good and the selection was better than others made it out to be. I am a huge fan of stir fry and was willing to give it a try. 

Overall it was not bad, I just have an issue with a few items. One, the bowl that they give you is not that large. Even the best of stackers will have issues with getting the most veggies packed into that tiny half sphere. Two, for the $11 it is not worth it, but adding an additional $3 for unlimited is a decent value. Three, the scallops are not worth it. I know, you should never expect decent scallops, but these baby ones are tough after cooking. It felt like I was chewing on rubber.

The service was friendly and my server offered me a new bowl without judgment. I have had better experiences with Mongolian BBQ.
My first impression wasn't very good.  I have been to many of the mongolian grills before and find they use frozen meats both killing taste and making your bowl look full but really on the thin side as the meat doesn't bend to make room in the bowl.  The restaurant atmosphere is essentially a cafeteria, not designed for comfort but rather to cram as many people into the restaurant as possible.

The concept is fun and my daughter loved it.  Grab your bowl and get in line, as you progress you choose your protien from shrimp, scallops, pork, chicken, beef, sausage, pepperoni, etc.  Then your spice including salt and pepper, cajun, etc.  You can mix spices. Then your veggies and there is a wide selection.  Finally your sauce, again you can mix and they even recommend some mixing.  They have sweet sauces for the kids and spicy ones for the adult kids :)    Then it is off to the cooking station to pick your starch from various rice and noodle options and then watch them stir fry your meal on the round grill.

I have to say the food was excellent.  The ingredients were fresh and not frozen, the flavor was great and the sauces were tasty.  The best thing is it is a bottomless bowl for an extra 2.95 (free for kids) so you can eat as much as you want.

We will be back soon!
The food is really good and I like that you get to pick all your items. However, the bar sucks. Not only does it have slow service but they also give you barely any alcohol in your drinks and you could leave with a stomach ache from all of the mix they give you.
I've been to Genghis twice and the first time was very lack luster.. I was going to give a 2 or 3 star review but after my second encounter I decided to up the ante to a 4 star. The food is traditional Mongolian BBQ in that you get a small bowl which you skillfull try to stuff as much ingredients into then have them cook it for you either over noodles or rice. Sauce included or on the side. The sides are good I love that they have bok choy  which you dont often see on many Mongolian BBQ's. They try hard to keep the area clean and usually succeed. The only complaint I have is that maybe the people cooking need a lil more training.. sometime the food sits a lil too long on the grill .. just my preference I suppose.. 
Its decent.. I'll definitely be back.
A fast food Mongolian grill, nice idea, for some reason the decor reminds me of a panda express.

Anyways, as we know the food is what counts, so let's see.

A nice selection of proteins to pick from, one glaring issue, while its great to see them offering shrimp, they still have the vein in, not the first time I have seen this, but still not something I would eat.

Service has been good, waiter is very friendly, though my diet coke went MIA for a while.

I will say there is a large selection sauces to go on the food and they ask about allergy problems, of course selecting your own food to be cooked it should take care off this issue.

So the food has arrived, I guess I know how to pick good ingredients as it was pretty good. Some of the food was a little burnt, but all in all it was a good meal and certainly good for $11.

Gourmet it is not, but it doesn't pretend to be, it delvers as advertised to I am happy.

The waiter passed the empty glass test, it was quickly refilled.

So all in all, a good deal, good food, the shrimp thing bothers me though.
My My...There are some serious haters of this place. I'm glad that I didn't read Yelp before going. I actually went because two people in my office raved about it. I went there on two different occasions to buy gift cards for birthdays. I finally decided to go with friends. I've only been to one other Mongolian grill place so there isn't a lot to compare. All that I can say is that the service was mediocre and not terrible. The food was good. I like the concept of making your own meal with ingredients that you like.  My partner didn't follow instructions and put the sauce in his food bowl instead of the side bowl. They made him go back and put more sauce in the side bowl. Ultimately what happened was an inedible bowl. None of us can figure out why they made him add more sauce. It was too much sauce and not good. Three of us; however, enjoyed our meal. I didn't know that this place is a chain. Oh well...I'll go back because I enjoyed it. I'm not sure that my partner will though. The idea of the sauce makes him queasy,
Yes! This is what i've been looking for in Henderson. A bottomless mongolian grill joint containing multiple types of carbs and meats for your satiating preferences.
when  you first arrive, you instantly notice the huge food bar to your left filled with steaks, beef, shrimp, marinated fish, PEPPERONIS, imitation crab, all sorts of goodies. FIll up your bowl and move onto the different seasonings (yellow curry was sickkness!), then onto veggies and your choice of sauces. So many sauces..it was hard to choose. Luckily it was bottomless so I tried 5 differnet ones with my 5 bowls! 

my go-to combo: pepperoni, steak, mushrooms, bamboo, water chestnuts, with Dragon sauce and their special fried rice. Killer dish. I was literally in Mongolia..
I agree, cafeteria style and they cram you into a fast food type of eatery but, the hostess did move us from the uncontrolled kid area to a quieter area.  Our server was friendly and gives you a tour for first timers.  Pile all you can into the bowl since it all shrinks down big time.  I thought I put cabbage in there.....where did it go?  Anyway I liked it all with your many choices of meats, veggies, spices, and sauces.  So each time it's a different experience of flavor.  Of course their tea is freshly brewed.... A huge shout out to that!  We will definetly start this place into our rotation of frequent places to eat.
Gross. Awful service. RUN AWAY!
Hmm, reviews seem a bit lukewarm and I can't really figure out why. These guys offer everything you could need or want in a decent mongolian grill (and much more) and I've been pleased each time I ate here.

It's interesting inside. They have a small bar to prepare various well and specialty drinks if you feel the need to get buzzed whilst chowing down on mongolian food. As a previous reviewer noted, it's not particularly comfortable inside-- seems more like a cafeteria style lay out rather than an intimate dining area but I imagine that this style probably fits the casual experience of preparing your own concoction for dinner. They are very friendly here and are more than happy to explain the process to the uninitiated. The availability of healthier options such as low carb or brown rice is certainly a plus for the health conscious.

Now for the food. It's actually quite overwhelming to a mongolian bbq fan like myself because you really don't know where the start. In addition to over half a dozen different meat options, there are many optional spices and far more vegetables than you know what to do with. Plenty of non-authentic options are included, such as as mexican and teriyaki flavors. They have some pre-set recipes for you to follow that will probably make your time in line a lot easier, but being as stubborn as I am, I somehow believe that I can make my bowl more delicious through my own creativity.  You can add a decent amount of meat and they won't complain if it isn't ridiculously excessive.

They add plenty of rice and if you flavored your entree well enough, you don't even require any additional soy or chili sauce. It's not the best mongolian I've ever had but its conveniently located, filling, and served in a friendly manner. What's not to like?
This place is great and allows you to eat what you like and as much or little as you would like. I love this place and frequent it often. Great for large parties
Turned on to this place by a friend. When I walked in, immediately reminded me of Pei Wei. Seems like the same kind of concept, but you build your meal yourself.

If you don't come with someone who has experienced this place before, you could wind up skimping yourself on your meal. You are responsible for either building your dream bowl, or you can select from a few recommended templates. But, if you don't take into consideration that your meal will shrink drastically once it is fully cooked, your overstuffed precooked bowl comes to your table cooked and barely half the size it was before. I've even stacked to the point of carrying my bowl to the cooking station covering the edges with my hands to keep it all in and still got back a very small cooked portion.

All in all, the food tastes great, better yet, awesome, you just don't get a lot of bang for your buck and it's a pretty steep buck. But I give them brownie points for serving Coke Zero!
Genghis Grill is an ok place. The place is nice and like the idea of being able to customize your bowl the way you want. They give you so many meats, sauces, seasonings and vegetables to choose from you'll never run out of creative ways to make your bowl. Plus for the lazy person, they have bowls already created so you don't have to decide if choice is hard for ya lol. The biggest drawback is PRICE!! Average $10 for a bowl. The scary part is you can pile up so much ingredients and have it overflowing with goodness and BOOM!! When its cooked your bowl has shrunk lol. I was like what the hell? Did they drop half my food on the floor? Especially for the money. If your craving Mongolian, you can find better deals elsewhere. At the Fiesta Henderson Buffet, they have a mongolian section and you can customize your plate anyway you want for half the price and as the Fat Boys Song says, "All You Can" Eat!!" Until next time, Let's Eat!!!
I wanted to wait until I went back here a couple times before I wrote a review. I have been three times now, so here we go. The first visit was only a couple days after they opened and it seemed like it was not only everyone's first couple days at this location, but everyone's first day in the restaurant business. I wouldn't have called anything bad, but it just seemed like everyone was very new at their jobs.

The food was not my favorite among Mongolian bbq style restaurants I have been to. After two more visits, I think I have it ironed out. I was used to having many liquid sauces and flavorings at the end of the buffet line where here the majority of the flavoring takes place near the beginning of the line with dry spices. The spices are served with very tiny spoons so I did not take as much as I should which resulted in the final product being quite bland. After adjusting my seasonings, everything really seems to be clicking.

On my last visit, I had a delicious, well cooked meal and great service. This place is on it's way up and worth a try, especially since it is the only restaurant of this type that I know of in Las Vegas.
I love this place you get a big bowl u pick your meats,veggies,and/or fruit plus seasonings and sauce give it to the grill cooks they prepare your food on this giant grill,then give it to the waiter who then brings it to your tabl,it is so good,I go all the time,love it
I definitely like this place for a routine fast casual staple. It can use some improvement though. Fork was dirty. Lighting is too bright. Going a little dimmer would give a better ambience. Place was busy and food was fresh. Service was good. Their system and training showed. Sample spoons on the sauces were empty. Only had red cap soy sauce and not green.
Would never go back! VERY disappointed!
I have eaten at this location several times.  The food is delicious!  Well worth the price.  The daytime staff is great, but the evening staff is incompetent and lousy!!!
This is a choose your own adventure kind of restaurant.  How your food ends up tasting is mostly up to you.  They let you pile up your bowl as high as you want, so go ahead and mash some food down when you're stuffing it.

I was quite impressed with the amount of meats they had.  Chicken, pork, shrimp, beef, ham, turkey.  Big good sized shrimp too by the way.  I can't even remember all the meats.  Most stir-fry places have 3 or 4 meats, this place probably has close to 10.

The next station is seasoning.  There's about 12 options here as well.  I stuck with the cajun spices for the night.  Remember that just a couple of dashes is all you need.

Plenty of vegetables.  Tons of vegetables.  Mini corn, broccali, green beans, spinach, cabbage, pineapple, celery, mushrooms.  Tons of stuff.

Then the sauces.  I was recommended the Szechuan sauce by a friend and it was good.  I don't know what it is exactly....it's like a thin teriyaki sauce? No, that's not right.  I can't describe it.  In any case, it was good.  There was about 10 other sauces: "stir-fry" sauce, sweet and sour, teriyaki and more.  Unfortunately for someone who is watching their carbs, every single sauce is thickened up with wheat.

The last station is the "starches" which includes a few kinds of rice and a few kinds of noodles.  Tortillas was also an option.  I'm avoiding carbs where I can so I skipped out on this last option.  What really made me happy is that nobody made a big deal or cared about me skipping out on "filler" when I was doing the all-you-can-eat option.

With a soda and the all you can eat option, my total for one person before tip was $17.  It's not terribly expensive, but I'm not exactly impressed with the cost.
very nice..used to go to BD Mongolian all the time...but none in Vegas. *Womp Womp" Me and the wife tried Genghis Grill. Just like what I was used to. Food turned out good. At the time I wasn't impressed with the service. However I was told later the delays were related to a fund raiser for a school that was taking place. So I will have to go back soon. Food was good!! $3 more for unlimited eats!!!
I really like it here. Our server was helpful and showed my husband and I how the restaurant works. You get a bowl and are able to fill it up with as much meat and veggies you want at the bar/station. You also pick your spices the sauce and the starch. The food is practically cooked in front of you (if you hang around the grill). The price is very affordable and if you want all you can eat its an extra $3.  There was a fundraiser taking place durning our visit and even though it was busy the service was relatively fast. I'm looking forward to going again.
Pleasantly surprised and I trigger moreso than I expected. It's a step above Mongolian BBQ that I've had in the past. The selections are quite vast and the wide array of vegetables are super fresh. It's a yummy yet healthy option and filling for 10.99. $3 more and your bowl is bottomless but honestly I eat a ton and one bowl is good enough. 

Pile the veggies up high and don't be shy; they do cook down!
Had dinner here tonight.  I didn't really have high expectations of this place before trying it for the first time but afterwards I am now a big fan! All the staff were very attentive, my waiter Brett was friendly and checked in on me almost a little too much. Seriously though I received much better service here than I have at some of the premier restaurants on the strip. 

The food area was regularly cleaned and restocked. All the food was fresh looking and cooked thoroughly. Lots of choices when it came to meats, veggies and the sauces.  Only thing that kept me from giving this 5 stars was that when giving my uncooked bowl of food to grill master to cook, he asked what starch I wanted and I said brown rice.  When my food was cooked and delivered to me though, udon noodles had been given to me instead of brown rice.  I am not a picky eater and I was hungry and had dived right in. It actually took me a few bites to realize the error.  I'm not one to complain or send things back unless it's really a grievous error and I didn't want to go through the process of collecting everything again and waiting for it to be cooked so I just shrugged it off and kept on eating.  Big screen TV in there was nice as well as I dined alone tonight. 

Dinner bowls are $10.99 + drinks (alcohol is avail). You can pay $3 extra for a bottomless (all you can eat) bowl, but honestly if you pile your first bowl high enough, only football players in training should need to go back for seconds.  I will come back again
Dear Genghis Grill:

Be better. I really want to like you.

This would have been a four- or five-star review if we were just talking about food. But since the restaurant experience is more than that, I cannot overlook the consistently bad, astoundingly unacceptable service here.

I am not under the illusion that being a restaurant server is an easy job, but in the world of food service, waiting tables at a Mongolian restaurant is on the easier side of the industry, And yet probably about 80% of the time when I have been here, there has been some issue with the service.

In most cases, the issue is, people aren't where they're supposed to be, pretty much ever.

I have walked into the restaurant and waited at the podium for ten minutes waiting for someone to seat me. because the hostess was MIA.

I've stood at the empty grill for five minutes waiting for the cook to come back to take my food..

I've sat at the bar for 15 minutes waiting for the bartender to show up so I could order a takeout bowl.

I have sat staring at my cooked bowl sitting on the counter getting cold, counting the number of servers who walked past it.

I can't figure out if they're always understaffed, or just clueless. Nobody does their job.

I have been waiting for years and years for a Mongolian place to open in Vegas, and I'm on the verge of writing it off forever.

This isn't rocket science. There is simply no legitimate excuse for the service to be this bad at a restaurant where the task of serving food is so simple.

I do like the food here but I honestly can't recommend it based on the uniformly terrible service. I can overlook quite a bit in terms of restaurants but everything about the service experience here is just frustrating.

I'll be back once you get your sh** together.
Interesting to go to a Chain style grill place.

Price - 5 star - For lunch, you can fill up your little saucer for 8.99 and then add your choice of starch.  Makes for a nice lunch meal   For 2.00 more, you can have a second bowl or more.

Ambiance - 5 star - Clean organized, plenty of seating.  Roomy too.  

Food - 2 star - All very nice in presentation,  well cooled.  However, everything was very hard to get to, the plexiglass protection from your face to the food is so short that anyone over 5'10 has to bend over and stretch to get to the food.  Overall, very inconvenient, but large choice of meats, vege and sauces.

Cooked - 2 star This is very uninspired.  IT is grilled on the big hot grill like all Mongolian Grills are.  However, the taste just comes out "okay"  It isn't to die for, and is quite like having cafeteria food.  Decent, filling, and not bad.  Just not great.

Service - 4 star - everyone is very well trained, cordial, pleasant and it would be a five star, but there is not a lot to "serve" other than drinks, hot sauce and the bill.  

Overall, a nice clean and decent place to dine.  Just not really asian food. It is same as going to Panda Express for Chinese, or Taco Bell for "mexican".  Good for American Style, just not really authentic.

They have a nice bar, that is a plus for you Thirsty Dogs!
Hit Genghis few days ago with gf, and three others.  We were planning a "wild and crazy" night of bingo at the Sunset Station since the cash ball bonus was calling my name.  We get to the restaurant at 5:30 - place is busy so we opt to eat in the bar area.  Bingo is at 7 so this gives us sufficient time to go a few rounds , at least that's what we thought.  Bartender was attentive with the drinks, we even got lucky since there was an NFL game on so Happy Hour prices on beer.

Sadly, we get up to the food line and its 10 deep since they only have 1  buffet  line open.  we're told the 2nd line will open soon for the "dinner rush" - we're standing in line at about 5:45 - when does the rush begin ?  6?  7 ? Since the place is packed at 5:30 here's a crazy idea - open the 2nd line !!!

So we get through round one - only complaint on food - they were low on a few items and my usual complaint about the place - small bowls.  When we gave the bowl to the cook he asked if we wanted the food to go - we told him no.

So time for second round - it's 6:15 - we figure we have a 1/2 hour to get our food, eat then hit bingo.  This time, the line is about 15 deep - still only one line of food available - WTF !!!  I ask the guy re-filling to ingredients  who's the manager of the place, and he points to a guy manning the grill  - i'll share my concerns with him later.  In the meantime the line is moving at a snails pace.  And of course, i'm mid way filling my bowl when they OPEN THE SECOND LINE - thanks, thanks a lot !! 

Given time constraints, when they ask if we want it to go, we say yes.  By the time we get our food, we have 15 minute to pay and leave and get to bingo.  While getting our stuff together, i ask the bartender for our bill - put the $$ with 20% tip in the bill folder even though not pleased about the time issue and the BS of only one line.

The manager comes over to ask how everything went - i expressed my disappointment about the one food line - she advises they open the 2nd line when the place gets busy - THE PLACE WAS BUSY WHEN WE WALKED INTO THE RESTAURANT ... nice try ! She then informs us we cannot take the food to go since we got the bottomless bowl. She had to make the smart remark, It's posted in the restaurant - it might be - i didn't see it nor was i looking - THEN WHY HAVE THE COOK ASK IF WE WANT IT TO GO ?  THEY SHOULD ASK IF WE HAVE THE BOTTOMLESS OPTION, THEN ASK ABOUT TO-GO.

If we can't take it to go then bill us for the one bowl option !  Thankfully she agreed, otherwise, i was really going to lose it .  I get the bill folder and pull out the tip.

F U GENGHIS GRILL - YOU'VE LOST MY BUSINESS
First off, this place is good. The selection of meats are really unequivocally vast. You get get sausage, pepperoni, pork, beef, chicken, and for dinner scallops. You are prompted to start with a protein after getting your bowl from the hostess stand. From the meat stand you proceed to dry seasoning which I did not really notice in the end product because the final sauces you add to your separate sauce cup are so viscous they overpower the dry seasoning. After seasoning you pick your vegetable, of which there are many. They the afore mentioned sauces a next. There are again, many from which to choose, all made in house. They were good but they are very thick and slightly off putting. With your bowl piled high you walk up to the counter and select your starch, rice in several iterations and 2 noodle choices. I like that they add to starch so you do not have to cram it in the bowl.
Now the service. The hostess as someone mentioned was slow to appear and when she did she walked up to us with her head down and was writing something for like 2 mins before she acknowledged us, it was rather rude. We did have a good waitress though, how hard is bringing drinks? Also, the wait staff were rather chatty with each other and their giggling was sort of annoying and it seemed to take precedence over my food waiting at the counter being delivered to me.  In fact I was with someone and they and already gotten their food and were full into eating before my meal came, though it was ready. 
They do have a full bar and many different specialty drinks on their menu. I can for lunch though and I have no need to be bagged in the middle of the day.
Bottom line, the place was good and I will be back to see if they improve or deteriorate. Hopefully they will be better next time and I can give a better rating because they have a potential for a great rating.
Ughhh..

For the love of all things holy, do not go here. 

I'm a huge fan of all foods Asian, so of course I came here with my friend to try it since I recieved a coupon. I wish I went to Arbys instead. 
This is far from being good.  I mean really? Tortia chips as one of the carbs? This place is just a joke. Its like walking into a brighly lit apple bees but with none of the flavor. 

You cant pay me to go back here.
Love Mongolian BBQ, Love this place.  Everything is always fresh and has the best varitey of any I have been to.  Would have given it 5 stars if they had the traditional sesame and other cool oils....
A typical Mongolian BBQ place.  Nothing incredibly special but nothing terrible.  The only memorable part of our dinner was the company.  Compared to the place back home, it wasn't as good (and I didn't think that much of that place already).  Regardless, it was a decent--and cheaper than most places on the strip--place to fill our tummies before a night of drinking back on the strip.
The 1 star was for the food the rest was for the serves. I made the same bowl twice and it could not have been made more different by the cooks. Not to mention the fact they took my not even half eaten bowl while I was making the 2nd one. They say you go some where for the food you go back for the serves well I won't be back.
This place took forever - the whole wait staff was unprofessional and disgusting in appearance.  I wonder if they even wash their hands... The kitchen staff had nice clothes and wore a smile.  It took 40 minutes to get our food! The food was semi decent but not up to par... Bummer!
never going back! they're chefs cannot cook.
although I did enjoy the whole concept of building your own dish. 
The staff was terrible as well. They had no personality, and showed little interest to my dinning needs. DON'T GO HERE!
Terrible food! I've been to better Mongolian grills at a mall than this place. 
You get small not very clean looking metal bowls that you have to cram your food selection into while trying not to throw your back out reaching like a contortionist for those back row items. The quality of the food is poor, the cooking is random, service is hit & run. 2 of us ate halfway through our less than mediocre bowls while one of us sat waiting for their bowl to come out. I ordered mine with the "fried rice"...most disgusting brown colored steamed (not fried) rice that tasted like it sat all day long waiting for a sucker like me to order it.
For a week night dinner...3 bowls and 3 drinks with tip, our bill came to $50...WTF?! I could have gone across the street to Tony Roma's if I wanted to spend that!
My stomach & wallet have banned this place for me.
Mongolian BBQ Time

As my husband woke up today one of the first things out of his mouth was "I'm hungry"! I responded with we have this and we have that...but nothing was going to satisfy his craving except some mongolian bbq. I haven't ate any mongolian bbq in years, mainly because of food crossing other food. So, if you have any food allergies this could be dangerous. But my issue is with sesame seed oil, its a big trigger for my migraines. And being 8 months pregnant, well...I could go without the hassle of a migraine! As you could imagine my excitement about lunch was that of going to the doctors, but I sucked it up with a smile on my face.

As we walked into Genghis Grill we were greeted by the friendly staff. The place was clean and had a good atmosphere. Our server was nice and showed us how to build the bowls. She also asked if we had any allergies...so nice to know that they care about their customers. I was amazing at how organized and clean the food station was. The meat, vegetable, spice and sauce assortment was amazing, way better then any other mongolian bbq I've been too before! You have the choice of creating your own mix or taking a recipe off the wall. I chose shrimp, fish, cabbage, pineapple, mushroom, tomatoes, green & red peppers, bamboo shoots, snow peas and some great sauces! A little tip, press the vegetables down as you add more, otherwise you won't be able to fit everything you want in the bowl! When we got to the grill, the cook asked again if we had any allergies! Wow, thank you so much for asking that Genghis Grill grill cook!!! The grill cook will also ask if you want steamed rice, brown rice, noddles, spiral noddles or tortillas shells. I love all the different varieties of this place!

As we sat and waited for our food, it gave us a better chance to look over the menu. They have appetizers, desserts and a nice selection of beverages. By the time I was done reviewing the menu, the server brought us our food. Be fore warned...food is very hot when it comes off the grill!! I burnt my tongue, so don't be tempted to dig right in! After my tongue felt better and the bowl cooled off, I was able to taste my creation. Mine was delicious and my husband said his was pretty good as well! For an extra few dollars you can make your bowls unlimited, not that you really need too! Mine was filling enough but my husband had to try it again! After finishing my bowl and watching my husband eat his second, I decided to try some of their desserts. A nice  piece of pineapple cake. This was no ordinary pineapple cake, it had layers of cake and a type of cheese filling layers with a piece of pineapple in the middle. It was super yummy and the side of vanilla ice cream it came with, only made it that much better!!

So, as an over all experience...I'd say...I'll be back soon to eat more!! If you are lucky enough to have one of these in your area and you haven't tried it yet, you should! You don't know what your missing!! 

http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
Today was my LAST time going to this restaurant!!!!  The food was horrible. I had a to go order, which was messed up, I asked for rice and noodles and got a box full of noodles. Thank goodness I checked my food before leaving. The manager offered a free bowl, I made another bowl, I guess I should have checked that one too, needless to say, when I got home my food was again messed up. It looked horrible, it was soo dry I couldn't eat it. This is not my first bad experience at this restaurant, but it is definitely my LAST. Oh, did I mention I waited over 20  minutes for the first order?  I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't happen. I'm willing to give any place a second try and I did, but this was the third strike, the second time my food was given to another customer. So I'm done.
Awful! Rude waiters, dirty dishes, served lettuce wraps with holy butter lettuce with hot meat on them?! 2 regrets, that I didn't check Yelp reviews first & honestly, I would have been happier with Arby's next door!!
The only reason I am giving a 2 is the server was amazing. 

The food is horrible. Nowhere near a real Mongolian grill. I did see an wide selection of food the shove in that tiny bowl ( wich was dirty ). There were no oils to cook the food in. There was no way to cook  the flavor in the meat. Everything came out bland. The udon noodles tasted like spaghetti so my first bowl tasted like a wanna be Asian pasta dish. I tried a second bowl to see If maybe I did something wrong. I spiced the crap out of the meat with the dry ingredients and filled the little ramekin up with the sauces I thought would go well and tried rice. It came out bland and kinda tasted like the first bowl. It was just a horrible experience. I will not go back.
Coming from the Mid-west I was very used to BD's Mongolian BBQ, which is a very similar format to Genghis Grill.

I am very set on what I create (Steak, carrots, pasta, bbq sauce in a tortilla) and this place always satisfies my craving.  Becoming a member of the rewards club gets you very nifty discounts.  One time I paid $24 for an app, two soft drinks, two bowls and dessert!

The only downside on my past few visits has been the service.  Anytime this place gets busy it seems like the service goes down hill.  I seem to never get my tortillas with my bowl and the wait staff has inconsistent.

I did notice they added a Coca-Cola refresh machine which gives you the option to get your own drink so you are never thirsty.  4-stars manly because of the food!
You decide on the ingredients, they cook it. It's as simple as that. But even better, the service by an excellent staff is top notch. Our kids especially LOVED Genghis Grill.
So you go through the usual buffet kind of line to fill your bowl and then give it to the cook at the end.   The problem: There is no one tending the "buffet" and almost every thing was empty.  The chicken and beef bins were empty.  There was plenty of ham and pepperoni (what?).  The broccoli, bean sprouts, baby corn, onion and tofu bins were also empty.  We complained about it, and the staff said sorry, but did not do anything about it.  Boooo.
I've been coming here since the first week they opened. We would dine there about once a week. After my last 3 visits (all on weeknights) I'm not sure I will come back. The food is pretty good, the assistant manager is very sweet, and my kids love it there but I just don't have this kind of time! The first time I had a problem was because they had a large fundraiser night going on. The kitchen and staff seemed to be working full force, and they did their best, but it was just too long to wait for this kind of food.  The next time you ask? A pretty crowded restaurant, only one side of the food bar was open, and all our food came out at different times. We were in there for 1 1/2 hours and still took my husband's food to go because it got "lost" for a while. That's a ridiculous amount of time for this kind of restaurant. A table next to us finished before us and came in at least an hour after we did. Ok GG...I'll give you one more chance...we've had a long good run...maybe you had an off night. We return the next week to find more of the same. It really wasn't super busy so everything went smoothly until we waited for our food. Once again in came out in pieces despite the fact that we all turned our bowls in at the same time. My 7 year old had to wait for 20 minutes while watching everyone else at the table eat. Ever met a 7 year old girl? I'm sure you can imagine the drama stemming from that one! Just for the record, I did offer her mine but she wanted the one SHE made...thank God because I'm not sure if I could have powered down her pepperoni, krab, and ham bowl :x. I'm sorry GG...it was great while it lasted but...it's you...not me...I just don't have time for this relationship anymore.
We were shopping across the street when we got a big whiff. A strong smell of onions and meat came wafting down to entice us in to have some mongolian bbq for the first time. We followed our noses and went and got seated in this busy place. That is surely a good sign. WRONG! 

The server asked us if we had been there before to which we both answered "no". She handed us our menus and really tried her hardest to explain how the operation went down, but she was a little tongue tied. Can't fault her for it. Who knows how many times a day she has to repeat the process to newbies like us. So she tells us how it works as we peruse the menu. 

Most of the menu is quite unnecessary as we went and got everything for ourselves anyway. Why was there a section that displayed drinks when we had to go and get drinks for ourselves in one of those newer Coca Cola machines where there seems to be a millon different selections? That is the only good thing about that place unfortunately. The only thing the menu really should be is an appetizers menu. There were about 3 extra pages that could have been eliminated. 

After ordering some chicken potstickers we were on our way. We went up with our bowls and got in line to pick our ingredients. Some of it looked suspicious. I thought it would be rude to put my head in and sniff for myself if the seafood or chicken went bad. I tried to play it safe and went with beef. I added a multitude of spices, garlic, salt, pepper, etc. to my mix. I was anticipating good things because the smells that were all around were promising. We got up to the place where they take our raw bowl and cook it for us. I decided on the spiral pasta. We got some drinks and sat down. I understand there were others ahead of us in line. I understand it was busy. I understand that Sunday nights are not the best time to get speedy service. This was taking forever! My boyfriend got his food first. It smelled good, but it seemed to be "barely" cooked all the way. He is not one to complain so he ate it anyway. My food came about 15 minutes AFTER his. Even though I was right behind him in line. My food was also barely cooked. The pasta was very bland. Even though I filled my little 'cup' of stir fry sauce up to the top it was not enough. Most of my food tasted like plain noodles with hits of flavor every now and again. Immediately after eating I felt sick. I know it was the meat. We were never checked on. I had to track down our server to find out about our potstickers that never came. She acted surprised. She asked us if we still wanted them. I said yes. I wouldn't have ordered something I don't want. It was a mistake. I should have said no. They came out rushed. She must have forgot to put the order in and was rushing the cooks. The skin was not fully cooked and was like uncooked pasta. Crunchy. Blech!!! Never again. No apology about the late appetizers. Just dumped it on the table and left. Not happening. We learned our lesson. We should have read the Yelp reviews before wasting our time and money (and my squeamishness) .
Genghis Grill has figured out a way for their servers to do absolutely nothing. Already there was no real "kitchen" for them to maneuver, and now they don't even serve water...you get it yourself. They were also out of straws on the day I recently went. Really? You're completely out of STRAWS? Not even for the fishbowl drinks you have? That's a mark of poor management not keeping simple necessities like straws in order. 

I was sort of in a love affair with Genghis Grill when I first moved here, but really, it is not that good. They have cut so many corners since then that it's not even fun to eat here. I want full baby corns, dammit, not cut up that I can barely taste it or get it on my fork. 

I would rather have Panda Express or Pei Wei than this crapola. Pass.
My wife loves this joint , but every time we go (3x's total) the service is pretty sub-par...I dig the whole concept of "building your own bowl" but when that place gets a little busy they get less productive (behind the grill and in the floor)...the only plus about the joint I can say is that they have that bad-ass beverage machine that lets you go wild and release you're inner mixologist !!...food's decent tho service could be better tho.
Awesome! Amazing protein choices! Flavor was fantastic and service was great. Can't wait to go back!
I'm so glad businesses are going up near where I live, instead of places a bit far out. I like Genghis Grill especially because I can choose exactly what I want in my bowl and I don't have to say I want this, but hold that.  I decide!  

When you're seated, empty bowls are brought to you and you fill it up with whatever you want- meats vegetables, spices and you pour sauce into the little cup, take it to the counter, tell them what kind of starch you want, then wait for your concoction.  I must say, my creation was good the first time around.  


Our server was very helpful in telling my family how the whole process works, and he took them to the line to show them.  He also checked back with us several times, to see how we liked the food.  One night we went for my mom's birthday and he gathered other fellow employees and they sang to her.  

They have mini machines at the table where you can order from. They can be helpful as they eliminate the wait time of the server standing there while you decide what drink to order, or whatever the case may be.  When you're ready, enter it on the tablet.  When I came with a friend, drinks were ordered and our guy still came out to see who ordered what and to check ID's.  

I only have one objection.  While going through the line, food droppings sit on the counter and on the floor.  And not like there's a bit here a bit there, it's all the way down the line.  I guess that's to be expected, but if the employees did a clean sweep every now and then, the counter would look so much better.

All in all, I love eating here, and I've only been here twice.  The price isn't bad at all, considering that you can pile high for cheap.  My meal was less than $11 and I went home satisfied.  You can get endless for a few bucks more.  Lunch price isn't a break in the bank either.  If you get a Genghis card and rack up points, you get a free bowl on the 10th point (bowl).  Also, on your birthday you get a free bowl!  I'll be back!
The food here is great but the service sucks. You have to wait a long time for everything. We waited 35 minutes to be seated on a Wednesday night. Then we waited another 10 minutes for our server to appear. Then stood in line another 12 minutes to get the stuff for the grill. Our food was served after 15 minutes. We were gonna do bottomless but our server was nowhere to be found. When she finally showed up we were so annoyed with all the waiting that we just asked for the check instead. We wanted to be fair so we gave this place another chance. Went back on a Monday night, same story. Never coming back again. I can get the same quality of food with more efficient service somewhere else.
Omg.. Great food..
Definitely definitely definitely try genghis!

4 stars is for service..
Wait staff is awesome..

My last trip there I had an employee ignoring my girlfriend who clearly needed help reaching an ingredient that was difficult to get to..
And the guy who asks which starch you would like kind of yells like the soup nazi if you're not ready with an answer when you step to the counter..

If I have a different experience next time, I'll update this review..

Do not read this and decide not to go.. I absolutely recommend them.. 
My constructive criticism is to help them better the business..

Definitely go try it though.. Best meal you'll have all week!
I had never done mongolian bbq before and I really enjoyed it !

You fill up bowls of frozen/uncooked meat and veggies and sauces and then they cook it for you on a giant wok or steam table thing and add rice or noodles .

The shredded beef  & the signature 3G sauce was the bomb! 

I made mine way too spicy (my own fault for going crazy with the cayenne) but it was still so delicious! 

& They had 16 oz shock top for like $4 which were tasty too 

& our waiter Brett was so nice we loved him
Short answer: No. Just no...

Long answer:

My husband and I have a sort of love affair with Mongolian BBQ. There's a place in Sacramento that we go to every time we're there while visiting family and it is awesome. Nothing like this place. 

The service is lacking. I'm not entirely sure what the servers are even there for, really. You get your own drinks, you make your own meals, and you can wait for your own food to be finished cooking (like any other normal Mongolian BBQ place). 

We were given the run down by the server and set on our way. The buffet area where you make your selections was filthy. Completely filthy. The veggies were either empty, close to it, or totally mixed in with one another. The floor next to the sauces was so sticky, the sole of my sandals stuck to the floor when I tried to pick up my foot to walk. 

The sauces are more like marinades. They are THICK. And they ask you to not put them on your meat/veggies, but in a little cup on the side, because they can caramelize on the grill because of the sugar content. We've been to a few different Mongolian BBQ places (the aforementioned one in Sacramento and another in North Carolina to name a couple), and we've never been asked to do this. Mostly because the sauces are more liquid and apparently have much less sugar than the Genghis Grill stuff. And they don't appear to cook the sauces with your food, which is totally annoying! I want lots of sauce and I want it cooked into my noodles. 

When you get up to the counter, the cooks will ask you what kind of starch you want.  You can pick from the Udon noodles, fried rice, spiral macaroni, and tortillas... What? Spiral macaroni and tortillas...? Okay. Whatever. We hand our food off and they give us our numbers so our server can bring us our food when it's ready. 

It took TWENTY MINUTES to get our first bowl. I've never had this happen anywhere before. Mongolian BBQ takes like 5 minutes to cook up. We still don't know what happened. 

It was okay. We had opted for the bottomless before the first bowl, because we love our food and figured why not?, so we went back for a second try. There's always a learning curve at a new place anyway. Everyone has different sauces and ways to mix things. 

I wish we wouldn't have. We didn't even get a quarter of the way through our second bowls. They were so bad. There was no right way to do this. The meat was poor quality, the sauces were not good, and the veggies were lacking.
Stopped in for dinner tonight.  I'm never sure how to rate a place where you make most of your dinner yourself.  I give myself and the chef who heated up my food high scores, but the restaurant could have made it a little easier for a short person like me to get to the ingredients.  I found myself nearly laying on the ingredients to reach in the back.  Overall a nice enough dinner.
This place was a disappointment. Overpriced, especially considering you basically make your own meal. Service isn't fantastic, and it's a boring atmosphere. I won't be returning.
Genghis Grill usually has good food for very expensive prices. The service is usually lackluster, and don't make the servers mad. Last time I went and asked for a new server, she went back to the cooks and told them to spit in my families food (the cooks told us after). Good food, but be careful
Worst 15 dollars that I have ever spent and that was just for lunch. Let me explain.

I come in on a Wednesday around 11:30 am. I am greeted by the host and shown to a table. Since I have never been here before, I am briefed on the process of getting my food. They give you two of what appears to be small dog food bowls and a small dipping sauce type of cup. One bowl you put in veggies and the other meat. For the dipping sauce type of cup, yup you guessed it, different sauces to mix in to your choices when it is being cooked.

Once you are done selecting your choices, you go up to the counter and hand it off to whoever is there that will cook it on the big circular flat top grill. You have to specify what kind of carb you want cooked with your ingredients like brown rice, noodles, etc. Then when its done cooking, your server will  bring it out to your table.

Now what I just described doesn't sound bad now does it? What im about to break down for you should convince you not to come here or at least if you try it, you will be uttering, "Oh, that's what Roger T was talking about in his review."

First off, you have two options to decide before you start eating. Single trip or all you can eat. Prices are as follows: Lunch 8.99. Dinner 10.99. Add 4 dollars more to do the all you can eat option. By the way, it used to be 3 dollars.

Since I was really hungry and planned on making multiple trips to get my money's worth, I chose the 13 dollar all you can eat. That is just for the food yall. Drinks are not included. I decided just to have water.

So I do my thing and try to cram as much meat and veggies into my bowls. Their meat and veggie choices all seem to be housed in tiny containers which makes you feel like a pig if you are trying to get a lot of a certain meat or veggie. By the way, the only difference between lunch and dinner is for dinner you get calamari and scallops. That's great news you say? Well, based on what I have seen, I wouldn't be surprised if these were tiny little cut up pieces.

I sit down and wait for my food. After about 5 minutes later, I received it in a weird odd sized bowl/plate? When I see my food, I swear I thought I put a lot of veggies and especially meat since I am a carnivore. What you gotta understand is when all these items you select are grilled together, they shrink a lot. 

After I finished my bowl, I was ready to go and grab some more food. This is where the deception is because in order for you to go up and get more food, you have to tell your server exactly that and they will go get you new bowls. This is where you will notice the difference between these guys and other traditional Mongolian Grills. The ones im familiar with, you grab your own bowls and do your thing. The only waiting you do is for the cooking. Not these guys. Sometimes it takes a while for the server to come around just so you can ask for more bowls. Then you have to wait for them to come back with your bowls. Then you have to wait for it to be cooked. When it gets done cooking, it sits on the counter until your server picks it up and puts it on your table.

So you see this is where my gripe is. By the time I came around to my third serving, I was starting to feel that full feeling which doesn't make sense because at other places, I can easily go through 3 servings and not feeling full at all. The process that you have to go through to get your food, whatever you ate prior is starting to settle which gives you the im not hungry feeling any more. 

My total bill came up to about 14 and some change. I put 15 bucks on the table and walked away. My server was slow in everything. Don't get me wrong. Its not like I was in a rush but at the same time I don't have all day. I think this place is a scam. Their process purposely slows everything down so you don't get to eat as much as you really want. The day I went, it didn't get really busy until about 12. When it gets really busy, you will have to wait even longer in between each serving. 

So you see, it really isn't worth it to eat here whether you choose all you can eat or not. I recommend going to the Fiesta Buffet just up the street off of Lake Mead for their Mongolian Grill. Lunch is 7 bucks and dinner is 10 bucks with a player card. You not only get two big bowls to put ingredients in, but the only time you wait is when it is being cooked. Plus they have other choices there and not just the Mongolian. Its not the best but it sure as hell beats out these guys. This also will prompt me to check out Stir Krazy Mongolian Grill on Paradise Rd since I heard good things about them.
I liked this place the 3 times I went... I made my meal: flavor profiles, mixed textures, and overall combination of ingredients.  I found the grill cooking to be good and my choices made the meal taste wonderful.  It was Bennihanna with a kick, all fresh foods, and my choices
There's only one thing I can say about this place... It sucks.

The food was okay, but it took forever for them to cook it... Not a pleasant experience.
Lettuce wraps are killer
this place is hit & miss every time we go there, don't go there and expect good service you will most likely get ok service at best...The food selection is great as long as they don't burn it, we are a family of three and sure enough EVERY TIME we have gone there one of us has gotten our food burned by the cooks, then it's a real pain in the arse to get your food re-done and by then the rest of the family is done and waiting..Bottom line, usually bad service along with 1 out of 3 meals being burt..=1 star..I will say this if you ignore the waitress and they don't burn your food it's a pretty good meal..
I give it three stars, because I believe the beef can be "truly marinated," to give it more flavor. The taste is added with all the sauces and spices, but my palate can still taste the blandness of the meat. 

I will still go back again and again because my kids love the experience of fixing their own bowls with each individual ingredient. The atmosphere and experience is what people keep returning here, again and again. For the price and selection of food bowls, I believe its a good place to stop by when you are hungry.
It was what i expected make your own food, how can that be bad?
Genghis Grill is one of my boyfriend's and my favorite restaurants. We have been to GG in MANY states (because there isn't one in California), and they are all usually pretty great. This one is a little slower than others we have been to, but they are really good on customer service. The first time we went there, the guy was so shocked that we came all the way from Los Angeles JUST to have GG he gave us 2 free deserts. Yes, we came from California. Don't judge us! :) Anyway, it's a standard GG here. It's not the best one we have been to, but it's sufficient. I would say the slow service is the reason for minus 1 star, and since we have been to so many GGs, we know what a good one is, and what a bad one is :)
I see all these bad reviews and I am wondering if I went to the same place!?! I mean, its create your own bowl, if you don't like it, it's kinda YOUR OWN FAULT! 
Ok so this is a Mangolian style bbq place where you load up your raw ingredients and then give it to a chef to cook. The options are endless. Chicken, steak, pork, ham, sausage, turkey, fish, shrimp, calamari, crab (imitation), and I am sure I missed something. Then you hit veggies. Stir fry, classic, pretty much everything you could think of. Then sauce. Kung Pao, Teryiaki, Curry, sweet, spicy, you name it! I think there are 8 different ones. You also have numerous spices, and herbs to add. If you can't decide, there are recipe card suggestions like Firecracker shrimp, Teriyaki Bowl, and Kung Pao chicken. For $11.99 you can fill your bowl once, if you are still hungry, add $4 for AYCE. Pile your bowl high because the veggies do decrease when they cook. Also, there are 3 appetizers. Lettuce wraps, edamame, and pot stickers. I prefer the potsticker, cooked well. 
They have a full bar that I have yet to take advantage of. The servers don't do much, but they are always treating us like gold. Until this place shows a bad health grade, I will continue to be a regular here.
Went here again (7/5) to get my birthday bowl. GG corporate is pretty awesome and they extended my bday bowl a ways to let me get my bday bowl when we were in the area. Props to them for that. There seems to be a wait almost everytime we go there, but this time my veggies were cooked perfectly and my sauce was almost perfect (I put too much salt..dang) but overall it was a great $16 for 2! Love you GG!!
I've been to many mongolian bbq places all over the country but this was not mongolian bbq. It tasted like a poor excuse for a fajita. None of the "sauces" had the right flavor and even the suggested combinations were terrible. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Especially if you have ever had real mongolian bbq. It was a real disappointment.
My husband and I walked in here at 6:15. Not very busy and plenty of servers working. The hostess sat us right away and told us the waitress would be right with us. We sat for almost 10 minutes without being acknowledged and had multiple employees walk past us the whole time. We walked out and are now going to Pei Wei. -1 star for us now smelling like the place for no reason.
A very good place if you like to pick what goes in to your meal....i love it
I actually really like this place. I love the fact that you can choose your own ingredients which are really good quality and they have soda machines that are really fun because you can make different combinations. We even got the tuxedo bomb dessert and it was really good!
They have 3 appetizers and we tried all three:  chicken lettuce wraps, chicken potstickers, and garlic citrus edamame. I really liked the lettuce wraps and edamame.

For $10, you get to build your ow Mongolian BBQ bowl.  They give you a silver bowl oand a side cup for your sauce. You first pick your meats: natural chicken breast, pork loin, marinated white fish, pepperoni, ham, turkey breast, sausage,marinated steak, sliced beef, shrimp, scallops, calamari. Then you season your protein with salt, pepper, garlic, ginger, cayenne, etc. Then you top it with your choice of vegetables. I wish there was more room for vegetables, because they shrink when you stir fry them. Then, you select a sauce (all MSG-free.)  The Honey Soy sauce was good.  Then, you bring your bowl to the grill and let them know your choice of: steamed rice, fried rice, brown rice, udon noodles, pasta, flour tortillas.

Drinks are separate. You go to the drink machine and there's a huge selection of flavored soda, etc.

Some of the meat was a little hard, but overall, the flavors were pretty good. And the service was excellent!
Many different choices!! All of what you want... Plenty of different meats, spices, veggies & sauces. Make your own creations. Get a Genghis card & earn free bowls the more you go!! Great food & great staff!!!
The servers were inattentive. I didn't like not knowing what flavors the sauces really had. I did think their options for the grill were decent. The prices were a little higher than I thought they should be. Overall it was just okay.
Soybeans and lettuce wraps are pretty yummy. It's a like scary the first time you go because you have no one to blame but yourself if you don't like your food considering your the one who adds all your contents from meat, veggies, spices, and sauces. You then let the chefs know what starch you want and they give you a number to put at your table. It's cooked pretty quickly and brought to you. It's a different experience that I think was enjoyable for the whole family.
The food here is okay. However if you are on any sort of time frame don't come here. It took us approximately 40 minutes for us to get our food. Also if you expect to be waited on don't come here. You get your own drinks, build your own food and pay at the table. The only interaction I had with any employee was to be seated, when we asked where our food was, and when our food arrived. Nothing beyond that. This visit was a disappointment.
I ate here last year & forgot just how much I love this place! You create your own dish however you like. Select your type of meat from chicken to crab to beef to turkey or more. Select whatever veggie you like including some fruits. Choose your seasoning/s & sauce/s then your choice of carbs (noodles, rice, etc). Pile it up as high as you like! Pass it on to the chef & they make it for you & have it served to you at your table. You can def end up making 2 meals out of your one meal you've made. The food is so delicious! You can actually order your food from your table as well via their mini IPads. 

This is def a place you have to check out as it is alot of bang for your buck, healthy as much as you like it, & VERY tasty & if it's not well guess you should remove some items for next time since you're the creator. Too bad there isn't one closer to where I live
Always have a great experience at Genghis Grill! Was greated by four people when I came in, continuously checked on, and even checked on by four different people!  Everyone is always so nice, helpful and polite! 5 stars for customer service! Oh, and my bowl was perfect too!
This is my Husband's favorite spot. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Genghis is a Mongolian grill. They give you a bowl to stack all your items in. You start with your protein: they have chicken, turkey, pork, beef, sausage, ham, shrimp, fish, crab, scallops, and pepperoni. Then you spice your protein. They have all kinds of spices. Everything from salt to ginger. Next you pick your veggies and wow do they have veggies!! All the things sprouts, peppers, potatoes, tofu, onions, eggs, mushrooms..ect. Now it's time to pick your sauce. They again have several to pick from: they have a honey soy, their signature sauce called 3G sauce, a spice sauce called Dragon sauce. It also tells you the heat level on them. Now you go over to the grill where the chef will ask you to pick your starch. They have brown rice, white rice, fried rice, udon noodles (my favorite) , spiral noodles and tortillas. Now they take ALL your things and cook it on a huge flat top grill! You can stand and watch or sit at your table. If one bowl just isn't enough for you they also have a bottomless option for a few bucks more.

They have a full bar or you can get your own drinks at their super cool coke freestyle machines. You can mix any flavor and soda you want. Plus unlimited refills. 

Genghis also has appetizers and desserts, but I've never tried them. I always see people order the pot stickers. 

A cool thing about Genghis is they have table side ordering system. Each table has a little computer where you can place your order and pay! It's very convenient. 

Their staff is nice and friendly, but if your in a hurry this is not the place to go. It can take some time to get your bowl if there are a lot of people there. Overall no real complaints. The food is yummy and it's fun to pick all the things that go in your meal. Also, very healthy and a great place for kids. On Tuesday's kids eat free with an adult. Plus, on your birthday you get a birthday bowl for free if you join their email club.
Absolutely love this place! When you have that hunger that nothing seems to satisfy come here. At Genghis Grill you create your own bowl and are the architect of your entire meal. You can decide between 10 or so different types of meat, then go on to season them accordingly. After you move on to the vegetables and believe me you want to stack them as high as you can. Finally they offer you about 15 different choices of sauces as well as a few different starches such as rice, noodles etc. The bowls come out steaming hot and delicious. For those who are more bold they offer an endless bowl in which you can go up and refill as many times as you want. Overall this place is awesome, both food and service are excellent.
Seriously?!?! I don't know if I should attribute the deliciousness to my seasoning  or to them for being so brilliant with the concept and execution?!
I wish we had one closer to home. For now I only come here for lunch. It's a casual setting but also good as a dinner spot!
I haven't even begun to tap into the many possibilities of the bowls I can create. I'll be coming back!
Build it yourself and pack as much into that little bowl as humanely possible!!!!
So, I must admit...I've never been to any other Mongolian grill. I know, shame on me. What kind of Yelper am I?! Even so, from what I've heard and read...this isn't the place to go for a Mongolian grill experience. I've been here a handful of times and it just seems to get worse every single time.

For the most part everyone who's been here or somewhere similar, you know how it works. But I was here this past weekend and watched 4 different tables get seated without anyone asking if they'd been there before or know what to do. Customers just stand there confused until someone comes back and for the restaurant, that's ridiculous. Sure, it's not hard to figure out but if you've never been anywhere like it, I imagine that's a frustrating experience. I hate their customer service for many other reasons so maybe my opinion is a little biased, but they definitely need to train the employees better. They don't explain anything to anyone, including the fact they you need to go get your own drink. 

When it comes to the food, it's fun being able to pick your own stuff and make your own creations but like others have mentioned, they are always out of stuff. Then when it's busy and only one line is open, the whole entire experience just goes out the window because it feels so rushed. Also, I'm not sure if it's a health reason or what...but why is all the stuff so far away from the counter? I have to bend down and reach under that tiny area to get to items in the back. It's all just very annoying to me. The food is okay but I think they overcook everything, again, maybe for health reasons? The meats themselves always seem to be dry and chewy. If you get egg, it's almost like a fried egg that someone forgot to pull off the stove. There's just nothing spectacular.

I think it'll be a while before I go back. The service is crap, the food is mediocre at best and it's expensive. For 3 adults and kid to eat, it cost about $50 without the "all you can eat". When it comes down to it, I just don't see this experience or food being worth that much!
A place you want to be good but it just isn't.  The nightmare begins when you sit down and receive the twenty minute introductory lesson on how to put meat into a bowl.  Then follows the tour of the 8 foot buffet line.  After making your first bowl and waiting another 20 minutes to have it cooked, expect to wait some more for your waitress to bring you your next bowl.  It's not a hard concept, yet they've mastered the art of FAILURE.
Great food..our server Jenn was awesome. It was our first time there and she explained everything. Good value!
Stir fry selection is great.  They have everything from steak to fish to scallops.  The only downfall is during dinner rush it can take a long time to have your food prepared.
I'm not sure why a couple people have been giving bad reviews, maybe they came in on an off day. Or jus not that into mongolian stir fry. Not sure but my experince was awesome i loved it here and definitely coming here again. Getting your own drinks i don't mind that i mean how many of us have been to a restaurant and waited several minutes for a refill? Thats why i prefer getting my own drink not to mention making up for own bowl. Yes this is a bit of wait time but you have to keep in mind that if ther are other people infront of you,your going to have to wait your turn. Other then that your getting it fresh off the grill. You have a vast varieties of meats veggies sauces spices so you can mix it up every one in awhile i see nothing wrong with that. This place is great i do recommend this place. Great food and at an awesome price too!
Used to like coming here. Every time i'm on this side of town i'd make plans to stop for lunch. Never had an issue. This current visit was sad. My husband and I each ordered rice for our starch and there was only HALF of what we were used to getting. The portion was so small that we left hungry. When we asked a server what was up with portion sizes she said people had been complaining that there was too much starch. Huh? Too much? Well now theres not enough to even fill up a normal person! 

I doubt we'll be back 

At this point i'd rather frequent green valleys buffet for Mongolian bbq.
Not your typical Mongolian Grill, this place is great, why? Because you make the menu! They have a wide array of items to put in your bowl. Well that sounds quite typical of a Mongolian Grill! I heard someone say. Ok so here is the not typical part: They have things not normally found at a Mongolian Grill such as Pepperoni! I should also mention the incredible selection of sauces. They also have a great loyalty club! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Hands down the best service we have had in Vegas in a long time. Food was delicious and the manager and wait staff were fantastic!
Good amount of ingredients, long wait, and small amount of food. This place is o-k, for 9$ I could get full anywhere else. But the tablet ordering device was really cool, and so was my server. Try it out !
Always solid.. However they didn't have all the sauces and didn't seem to want to replace them. Seems service is slacking as well since they got those touch screens.
I've tried this place twice and each time the anticipation was greater than the end result.  

The idea is so exciting because the possibilities seem endless.  You can pay for unlimited meals or just one, but either way it seems a little expensive for what you get.  They give you 2 bowls - one for your food and a smaller one for your sauce.  You build your meal by going through a buffet line and choosing your meat(s), veggies, seasoning, and sauce.  You can pile it high to the point of overflowing or you can keep it small.  Tip: the veggies really shrink when cooked so your bowl will look a lot emptier when it comes back to you.  Fill accordingly.  Then you choose your starch (rice, pasta, noodles, etc.) when you get up to the grill.  

The line is the real issue at this place.  If there's more than one person ahead of you, prepare to move through at a glacial pace.  As people mull over the options, or if they are out of something that someone wants and you need to wait for the employees to refill it, you WILL. NOT. MOVE.  It's horrible!  

I've tried a few of the sauces and the only one worth a damn to me is their 3G sauce - their basic one that they say goes with everything.  

I do like their soda machines (the type that you can choose any drink and add flavors).  They also have a full bar so you can grab cocktails with your meal.  

I guess it could be a good place if no one is there when you are and you find your favorite sauces/combos.  But to me, it's not cheap enough/good enough to deal with the line.  If I want mongolian grill and feel like waiting on a line, I'll pay less money and go to Green Valley's Feast Buffet.
I don't know why everyone is complaining.   The food is good for the price.  Especially when you do the unlimited for $4 more.  We had excellent service.   The wait staff was more than attentive then some other places we've been.  It's not fancy but food and service were above par.
I love Genghis Grill. I first tried it when I was in Texas. Unfortunately, there aren't any close to me, so we try to go to the one in Henderson when we're in Vegas. We went Sunday and once again, we weren't disappointed. Everything was delicious and the staff was friendly. I believe out server's name was Brett ( I apologize if that's wrong) he was very friendly and attentive. I love the fact that you can fill up your bowl with whatever YOU want. So for all the reviewers that complained about how the food tasted, you are the only one to blame. You get to pick everything in your meal all the way down to the sauce. And don't complain about not liking any of the sauces, they provide tasting spoons so u can try them before committing. Genghis Grill is great! Everyone should try it at least once!
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times the food was just fine and service was good, albeit a little slow during dinner. My only complaint is the last time we went (and perhaps it was just that time) there was no music, no volume on the TVs, nothing to help drown out your neighbors' annoying conversations. If it's crowded enough, I suppose this could slide since everybody would just drown out everyone else. However, when it's quiet it's  hard to ignore that really loud person three tables away who feels his/her life is so fascinating that the whole world must hear about it! Or, maybe they're deaf in one ear. In any case, if Ghenghis Grill turned on some music, talk show radio, ANYTHING I think it would help with the ambience, and the unintentional eavesdropping.  Otherwise, food is great, service is good, restaurant is clean, and I'd definitely return (with headphones, just in case).
So after years of memorizing the menu at Yummm........ my niece's favorite spot to catch up with her aunt, she suggested Genghis Grill.  *Blink, blink* really? the loyal to a T clucks & fries with speckled lemonade, grown up into specialty burgers or salad with a bar item girl cheating on 'our' favorite place?  Hmm.... interesting.

When I looked at the outside, I thought 'Oh, upscale Panda' chain and got ready to be disappointed but,  once inside and versed in the 'how to's'  I love the concept.  Their 'table gadget' was interesting.  My niece worked it like a pro. Each person gets to pick their bowl items, sauces, and spices and the waitress said if I didn't like the bowl created they'd let me restart (but I did say it was my first visit).  My bowl was great and I'm not known for my cooking.

I'm glad I was brought in to Genghis Grill before reading the Yelp reviews.  Dee S.'s review would have been enough to keep me away as cross contamination possibilities is a huge No for me.  I don't know if the manager/owner saw the review but when I went last night Genghis Grill was spotless, the service was great, the food was fresh.  I also don't think it's expensive for what I picked out but then I've been switching to organic and high end products for the 'home kitchen' so maybe I'm just past sticker shock for good quality products.  The complaint about the waiting time, ok I did have to wait behind quite a few people who took their time and I'm sorry for the patient person who waited behind me as I tried to decide but was it overly long?  I didn't think so.  It's Vegas.  I've waited in traffic.  I've waited at the grocery store. I've waited in the DMV line.  I've waited at (insert name of an average sit down with waitress restaurant here).  It's not Mcbox fast food and so I didn't feel the wait time was an issue.

I will definitely be going back with my niece, sorry Yumm.....
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The fact that you get to choose all your toppings, seasoning, sauce and starch, as someone else mentioned, if it's not good you can really only blame yourself. They even have little cards that show u what things to add to make a certain type of bowl. So if you wanted a teriyaki chicken bowl you would include chicken, broccoli, pineapple, teriyaki sauce and your choice of rice. The card has the calories on there as well so If you follow the recipe you can estimate about how many cals your taking in. I made a really tasty Thai chicken Bowl with their spicy peanut sauce and udon noodles and it was really good. My only gripe was there was not enough sauce so it was a little dry which was my own fault. The server was friendly and attentive and we left full. The only thing i can say negative was right by the bathrooms there was this rank smell coming from I guess the kitchen area. Makes you wonder what's really going on.
I like the fact that you can make and build your own meal but the older lady that runs the front seriously scares me. I dig this place for what it is. I love getting the pulled pork with spinach, egg, sprouts and fried rice. But to call this place "Mongolian" is kind of a joke.
I work in the food industry so I completely understand how much a bad review can hurt a business. I hate to contribute to it, but what happened on my last visit was completely unacceptable. 
I came in on Tuesday and went thru the line, packed my bowl full of food that I knew were with in my dietary restrictions. I have a severe gluten intolerance, and I knew that genghis was good about listing ingredients and giving out special tickets based on dietary restrictions, which is what got me excited about going to eat there.
when I got to the cooking station I told them about my intolerance and I got the special blue ticket making it know to the staff.
as I was eating my food, (my base of which was white steamed rice) I kept pulling wheat noodle after  wheat noodle out of my mouth. I was very very upset. I told the waitress, without trying to be to rude but still trying to get my point across, she was really nice and went and told a manager, but I heard nothing after that. The manager never came over to me, and nothing was done about my food. I still had to pay 12 dollars for a meal that made me sick afterwards.
Things like this can NOT happen if your goal is to make allergies a priority in the restaurant. I have no interest in coming back.
Went twice since opening. Both times ended up with bubble guts. The last trip (today) I couldn't even make it home. 

Will not be back. And I grew up loving and craving Mongolian BBQ, but I can't stomach this place. *pun intended*
Totally love their fun mongolian establishment! It is self serve, but they've got all the cool stuff, and an extensive selection of ingredients to choose from! So much you'd be so undecided on what to choose. So...after coming here a few times already, here's my advice:

1.) THE DREADED SILVER PLATE: They give you a silver plate which looks really small and depressing because halfway through filling your silver plate with stuff, you realize that the silver bowl is wwwaaaaayyyy too small, and you'll learn that really quick once you get your cooked food since they all shrink down to size after being cooked.
MY SUGGESTION: pile high. no joke. PILE HIGH. don't be shameful. don't second guess. Yess....this is your game of jenga or tetris with food. Pile as high as you can. If you have to smush with your hands do it (it's not a crime to pile high nor is it a crime to take your time, people can go around you...). 

2.) TASTE TEST YOUR FLAVORS! You can taste as much sauces as you'd like, and you can mix them. If you're not sure try them, and! The fun labels tell you EXACTLY what it pairs well with. 

3.) INDECISIVE? DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START? No worries, in the beginning of the line they have fun recipe cards you can use and to help you start so then if you're looking to put in your flavor...you can play around with it. Think of it as an inspiration card.

4.) CHOOSE YOUR STARCH: I usually go with the brown rice. I love that that they have brown rice and I'm sure you healthy eaters will too. Think it's not enough? You can request for double!

5.) SELF SERVE COKE MACHINE: High five selling coke products, but even more of a high five for having that cool new digital coke machine! Mix and match every flavor known to man! You'll be sure to be indecisive in a drink here too.

6.) SUPER COOL TOUCH PAD: Here, you can split your tap with your lunch date and fun touch pad games while waiting.

**I love that this brings an opportunity to just get creative. You can be really interactive with it. 
It does get busy during lunch, and the wait does take some time, so if you're in during your lunch break, expect that your meal won't come out in time for you to get back to the office.
I liked the idea of how you create your own bowl. Our waitress was very nice, it was our first time and she explained how it all works. Plenty of options... Little expensive for my taste. All in all, the food was great, and I will be back!
This used to be my favorite restaurant, we have gone there for years, starting in early 2000 in the Plano TX location, and through all the different changes they've tried it's still been my favorite. Today we went and it's the first time that I sincerely think we will never go back.  They changed their food service, they have 3 different sizes to choose from. Small, medium, large. The medium is the old style dish. We decided to try the large, it's barely larger then the medium bowl and it's $2 more. They no longer have all you can eat, we were told you can pay $5 to go back up. So now you pay more to eat less. I overheard the manager tell people these changes were for better customer service, to give ppl more options. No one but kids will eat the small, so who were the options for if you used to just be able to pay $2 extra for all you can eat? It's not for the customer experience, it's corporate greed at its finest.  Then they now give you paper cards to carry with you as you feel your bowl, to hand to the griller's. What am I supposed to do with the paper card while I'm trying to use both hands to hold my bowl and reach under sneeze guard for food to put in my bowl? Bad ideas, did anyone ever try these ideas out before implementation? Extremely disappointed that corporate greed to increase profits year over year is ruining this restaurant the same way it's ruined so many over the years.
Me and my bf went to try out their food just because it's close to home and we pleased. The service was excellent and the food was very good. 2 drinks, 2 medium dinners and an appetizer came to $40.00. We were told to pile our food high but  did realize just how how we needed to pile. We  both got Udon noodles as a starch and it somewhat overwhelmed our plate.So when they say "pile high", listen:-) They also have a computer type device on the table which was fun. I will definitely go back!
I really enjoyed this my family and I had been looking for a Mongolian BBQ place here in Vegas. I love the service straight from the door they greeted us well. The different choices of meat was great even pepperoni! Only one missing was shrimp. I like the full bar as well. They have different sauces to choose from be it teriyaki or spicy chili garlic. I really enjoyed the special three G's sauce and when you get to the cooks you goose if you want steamed,brown,fried rice pasta noodles or cabbage. They even asked if we had food allergies I respected that. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good meal that you can say you picked every ingredient including your seasoning! I'm definitely a regular now!!
I have given this place 3 or 4 chances and each time it has gotten worse.

My last visit the server was not very attentive. 

When we went to go get the ingredients, the area where they had the meats and veggies. Was so disgustingly dirty like food everywhere and all messy. Some things not fully refilled. So gross. But we still gave it another chance. The food was just ok pretty sure it made us kind of sick afterwards. 

Do not come here it's disgusting
I've read the bad reviews from people who have actually eaten there, but I was another "walk-out" before trying. I knew there would be a problem when the server tried to tell me how simple it was. "Just pick your protein" she said several times.  Next she admonished to pile on the vegetables because they "shrunk down to nothing!"  So, I was handed this tiny bowl that had to accommodate both!  What should I do? The last time I had so much pressure was a Vegas timeshare presentation!  I had an idea, go with one of the bowl suggestions on the board behind me.  So I said to the kitchen helper, "make me a Korean Bowl, please."   Her reply was "you do that, the description of ingredients is only a guide."  My wife said, "ok, where's the scallops?"  That was when she was told they only had them at night.  Genghis Khan was a barbarian and true to its name, this place was pretty barbaric. Fortunately, we escaped with our lives!
Best Mongolian grill I've had. If you go make sure to try the saracha chicken. Sooooo good!
I have been to many Mongolian BBQs and have never been to one that I would not re-visit......until now!  When I was greeted at the door (not knowing anything about this particular place) I asked if they cooked on the typical Mongolian BBQ flat grill and I was told no. Then an annoying waitress sat us and explained how it works and then took us to the food section and pointed out the "protein", "veggies", "sauces" and "starches". We selected our food from the buffet-style area. The food containers were under a hood but were so low and far back that it was really difficult to get your food. AND, almost 1/2 of the serving utensils were lying down in the food where they could spread germs etc etc.  from people handling them and putting them back. The dish, that my food was served in, had a chip in it the size of a dime. (did not notice right away cause it had food over it)
And last but not least.....I could not identify ANY taste that came with it. My mouth felt as though it was sticking together with glue. On each table was a mini-tablet that had video games and a few pages of ads for the food served within the restaurant. Not totally showing the whole spectrum of food but ....? The absolute best thing was that after your food is served, this little tablet called a "Presto" has your bill available to you and you can swipe your CC or Debit card at the table and get the hell out of there without any other dis-satisfactions. 

Pros: Had a GREAT bowel movement the next day!!
I love genghis grill!! My first time that I went I made a really small bowl but this time I piles it on!! They changed their system now. You pick a size bowl and then they give you a bowl to pile your stuff in according to your selection. PRICES went up people!! $9 for small $12 for medium and $16 for a large. 

Udon noodles are delicious and the honey teriyaki is the sauce to go with!! WARNING...if youchoose to put calamari in your bowl...once the food is cooked and all is said and done it is very chewy because it was over cooked on the grill. So make sure you don't use that as a main meat source.

I love the coke machine. I can try various selections that I have never had much less never even heard of. Raspberry coke, interesting but delicious.

They did ask if I wanted a to go  box and they gave my daughter a to go box. So maybe the price jack included the to go box because before you couldn't take anything home unless you purchased the bottomless bowl which was damn near $20.

All in all a great place with great food....but bring a jacket because it is always and I mean always freezing!!
Love this place!!! Choose your own meats, veggies and sauces.  Then have it grilled with noodles, rice or other type of starch. If you don't like it....you can only blame yourself. 3 sizes of bowls with a bottomless option. You won't walk out hungry!
I love this place & got a belated bday bowl. The food is great. Sometimes the service is hit or miss. Like of your explaining the new concept to someone at the bar area let people who are hungry & waiting behind who know how to go in front.
You build you're own bowl so if it tastes horrible you're to blame. The variety of ingredients is pretty decent but overall there really isn't anything special about this place. The quality is pretty average and their limited menu for appetizers is a little disappointing. 

Good if you really need a quick bite and don't want to give into the temptation of fast food.
They recently made some changes and it stinks. They have different and less options than last time. The sizes and prices of their bowls are kind of a joke. Not sure if I will return. The staff is overwhelming.
I really dont see where these one and 2 star reviews are coming from. I eat out a lot due to my lifestyle and having no time to cook. Due to working out and keeping in shape I eat at Teriyaki Madness, Greens and Proteins and my favorite Genghis Grill. I come here 4 days a week and have never had any problems. Great A+service, I'm always welcomed once I come in, staff is always helpful and the General Manager Reagan is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She goes above and beyond to make sure you have an enjoyable experience each time you visit. Its hard to find good healthy food on the go because this country has fast food places at every corner and the pricest are cheap. Normally trying to eat healthy cost you a lot of money. So instead of going to a fast food place and getting a fatting meal and a soda for $6-$7.00 why not come here a get a healthy meal and an unsweetned ice tea for a few dollars more. Where else in the valley can you go where you can put as much meat on your bowl as you can with no weight limit? I can get enough meat on one regular size bowl (there is a strategy to it) and I can get two feeling meals out of it.  There are plenty of meats to choose from, a lot of seasonings, vegetables are always fresh, plenty of sauces to choose from and at the end you can choose your starch.  It takes me about 4 minutes to complete my bowl and 15 minutes for them to cook it before I'm on my way to work. Teriyaki Madness is good but you can get burned out on it because its cooked the same way.  Teriyaki Madness used to be generous with their meet but as they expanded and are known there starting to get stingy. With Genghis Grill you control how your bowl is. If your on a low sodium diet you control the amount of seasoning you can put in it. If your tired of a sauce, there are plenty of others to try from so I never get burned out from eating there. I already have 10 free bowls. 80% of being fit is what your eating. You can work out all day but if your diet is wrong you wont see results. Life is fast paced nowadays and if you got kids at practice and your wife or husband works as well as you its hard to cook everyday. This is a great option if you live life on the go like me.
In all the food and the prices are really good the young lady who is the hostess is not very approachable and has a real smug attitude.   The grill coach is sloppy and did act like really cared about our food.  He wasn't careful and he drop items out our bowl before he put them on the grill.  Sloppy cook, needs to be retrained on how to handle people's food.    Our server at the table save the experience .   Boo to the hostess and the grill cook is a slob !   We will try again.
After seeing this place on the news last night  me and my wife decided to have lunch here today. When we arrived we were asked if this was our first time here and we informed the waitress it was she and the rest of the staff walked us thru on how to build our bowls and sauces. I don't really remember our waitress's name or the manager's name I was happy with our meals. We will definitely be back soon
I have been to Genghis Grill a few times already and I really like this place, I always tell my friends about it too. This place is good, but it should be great. The concept is easy.. You build your own bowl with your choice of protein, veggies, sauce/seasonings and starches. My bowls always taste really good so as far as that it's perfect. What I'm not 100% on is the service. The staff is always very nice, but I feel like I am being suffocated by them. When you are first seated you wait for your server to come and I feel like they just talk sooo much and explain what I already know, this bugs since they ask if you know how the build your own bowl works. I feel they need more choices for appetizers, specially since they have 120 drink choices. The food line always looks like a mess.. I understand it's self serve, but that's why it should be kept cleaner. There's plenty of ingredient choices so every time you go there you can make a totally different bowl. Once you complete your bowl it only takes a few minutes for it to be cooked. I like that they are done quick, I just don't like that the bowls are not brought out together. I hate eating before everyone has their food and I had to wait a couple of minutes before I could have a bite since we were missing one bowl. I do believe all the plates should be brought out together. On this last visit out service visited our table about 4 times.. I feel that's a bit much since she wasn't removing anything from our table or filling up drinks (self serve as well). I will keep recommending this place to everyone because the food really is great, you'll enjoy your creation. As far as everything else, there really will be flaws.
If I could zero stars I would!!! Half cooked rice, out if shrimp and the scallops were questionable.
Man, talk about an express rental of food, if you know what I mean.  I think this place is a little gimmicky and the food is just so so.
Big disappointment & an even bigger ripoff -  $68 for limp, overlooked edamame, 4 medium sized bowls & 4 drinks is ridiculous. Especially when the food you end up with isn't even that good. I've been to many good Mongolian BBQ places & unfortunately, this wasn't one. 
My hubby & youngest son had been there before & liked it, my oldest son & I had not. 
1st disappointment was that they were out of shrimp. I was trying to build a variation of their firecracker bowl which has shrimp, calamari & scallops in it so that was annoying. The guy just said they weren't carrying shrimp anymore. Really? Maybe they shouldn't have shrimp listed on their menu as an option then. 
Something else to note, not a disappointment, but def another annoyance.. It was extremely difficult to reach the food bins in the very back row bc the sneeze guards are so low. I'm not short nor do I have short arms.. 5'10" & I'm sure I looked ridiculous trying to reach the veggies that I wanted lol
Last but not least, I had to completely remake my bowl bc the 1st one was inedible. Well, actually my hubby remade it bc at that point, I was over the whole "experience" & just wanted to leave. The calamari rings were closer to rubber bands & the whole thing just tasted "off" Bad seafood-not good!
The food is alright... It seems like the food stations were unkept... They needed to add more items to the bowls
Drove out here from Cali for the weekend and noticed I had a microwave in my hotel room. I looked up big eatery spots locally rather than the strip because Vegas is known internationally for their food. Genghis Grill came highly recommended by the locals. I went in around lunchtime and got the large bowl. I love this semi-buffet-ness of picking out your own portions of proteins and veggies and then having them cooked up in your face Benihana style with your choice of starch.(If this place would had more protein choices, I would have gave this place 5 stars) You're responsible for your portions, sauces and seasoning so, if it doesn't taste good, you got nobody to blame but yourself. When getting your bowl cooked up by the chefs, give 'em at least of couple dollars so they cook your food more thorough with love. You even get to get your own drinks, so if you're thirsty....again blame yourself. Service was friendly and decent. You get up and do everything yourself so they're minimal anyways in your experience. For basically $20 I got to eat 2 meals in one day and had more money and time left to play the tables. Definitely have a good game plan when you come in here to maximize your bowl. I like to stack proteins then veggies on top of each other in that order. Good eats and experience.