First of all, I love noodle soups.  They are one of my favorite comfort foods.  So, needless to say I was very excited to discover that a ramen place had arrived in Tempe.  My husband and I went on their opening day.  It was a soft opening, so please keep this in mind.

Decor:  Minimalist and modern, which is nice.  There is a cafeteria/warehouse feel to it.  Definitely not cozy. 

Food: My husband ordered the Miso ramen with an egg added and edamame and I got the Republic ramen with an egg added and gyoza.  Both ramens were okay.  The Miso ramen soup had a ginger flavor that seemed to overpower the subtle taste of the miso and the Republic ramen soup was not as flavorful as I would have liked it (and it was NOT due to the lack of salt).  Also, I was a bit disappointed by the texture of the noodles, the temperature of the soup, and how the egg was served.  The noodles were a bit too al dente for both my husband and me; a bit on the stringy side.  The soup was served hot, but not hot enough such that it stayed hot.  My ramen went from hot to luke-warm in a matter of five minutes.  I like my soups piping hot.  The egg was served extremely hard boiled, sliced in half, and placed in the soup.  I prefer the egg to be served poached by cracking it raw into the piping hot soup.  My husband's edamame was fine, as expected.  Edamame is hard to mess up.  Finally, my gyoza was also okay, however, there were these small rubbery bits in the filling here and there and no dipping sauces to accompany them.  

Service:  It's not a full service sit-down restaurant.  You order your meal at the counter when you walk in.  They give you a number and bring your meal to your table.  They will clear your dishes for you as well, but the drinks are self serve.   All-in-all, for the style of service they were going for, it was not bad.  But, it wasn't clear what we were responsible for and what we were not.  There are utensils and napkins by the drinks, so my husband and I thought we would have to grab our own, but the waitress brought us some as well when she brought our meal to us.  Also, we had to ask if we were suppose to leave our dishes or clean up after ourselves.  We weren't sure because when the waitress brought our meal, she left us the tray she used to bring out our dishes.

Conclusion: The food and experience was okay.  However, again, it was their first day.  So, my husband and I plan on giving them another try in a few months.  I will update when we do.
Not quite as good as Tohzan, but a solid second choice.  Phx has really been lacking a decent ramen house and this fills the void in the Tempe area. 

I had the shoyu ramen which was excellent and reminded me of the more traditional style I'm used to, but my partner had the Republic ramen which was spicy, delicious and of Korean inffluence. We also had the gyoza which were OK, but I thought they would be better. Next time I would opt out of those and maybe try a different side. There were also kim-chi, fried rice and edamame as other options for sides as well as other toppings for the ramen.

I was very pleased with my first visit and can't wait to go again. I do hope they expand and branch out the menu to some other ramen styles and maybe so other sides. 

Excellent ramen and good work Republic!
I'm from Los Angeles, and I've had some incredible ramen in that area, and was really sad that there aren't really any ramen places around the Phoenix area.  When I first learned that there was a ramen place opening up, I thought to myself that there was the potential for a great experience.

The idea of this place is nice, but the execution is lacking.  I ordered the Republic Ramen + Gyoza combo, with the extremely spicy option, no additions, I wanted to try their base specialty.

The gyoza was alright, it was a little too greasy when I got it, but I much prefer fried gyoza to steamed, so that was a plus.  Unfortunately, this gyoza was mixed, meat and veggies, and I wasn't prepared for that.  Generally, I prefer pork gyoza, although I know some people who prefer veggie gyoza.  The combination didn't work too well because there wasn't quite enough meat, and the veggies were a little too rubbery for my taste.

Individually, components were good, I could tell the vegetables were fresh; the green onion had the taste of raw green onion, the bean sprouts were crisp, the spinach hadn't the time to wilt. and the naruto slice tasted of fish, and not of bland texture.

What I found lacking, however, was that the broth was overly salty and lacking it's own depth of flavor, it was also not hot enough, and the pork was very overcooked - I'm not just saying that, either, the pork was brown.  As a matter of taste, I would have preferred they use japanese spinach or nori in the ramen, and for the broth to have been piping hot, still bubbling even.

All in all, it was nothing spectacular, with lots of room to improve.  For the price, though, it was a decent meal.
I really liked this place!  Walking inside to this sleek and beautifully appointed fast/casual restaurant is a stark contrast to the lack-luster strip mall complex that it calls home.  Clean white walls surround the modern chairs and deep benches with dark wood accents.  I love the splash of blue mosaic tiles up front as well.  Whoever designed the interior has a sweet sense of style.

The menu here is really no nonsense.  There's about 4 different types of ramen, an assortment of sides, and then there are multiple variations of Boba in the room adjacent.  I chose the Shoyu Ramen.  The broth was rich and savoury and provided a nice contrast to the simple noodles.  There were a couple large slices of pork in the soup, but I would have preferred more small chunks instead.  I liked that there were lots of bean sprouts in my ramen and it added a satisfying crunch.

I would definitely come here again when I want some Fancy Cup of Noodles without all the preservatives :o)  Don't get confused though, I say Cup of Noodles in loving jest, because really, it's ramen, but this is really good quality stuff.  Give it a try!
Well, despite having (ugh) tapioca (ugh) that they stick in tea, the Republic is a pretty awesome place.  Now my wife tells me that this is different than Pho but I don't really see how.  It's a bowl of scalding hot soup full of noodles and meat.  Anyways, this stuff is really tasty.  Way better than the cup of noodles you lived off in college.

I tried the Republic which was apparently the spicy one.  It was decently spicy but I still added some of that magic red sauce.  It came with a side of edemame which had been steamed and lightly salted. The workers were all friendly and helpful.  The interior was very nice and made me feel quite welcome.

My only complaint was the price.  I feel like $8 for a bowl of noodles is asking a lot.  Especially in Tempe.
If you want a tastey noodle dish, possibly with boba tea to follow, this is a great new option for North Tempe. I've only been there once so far, but intend on making this place a frequent stop. They've upgraded a bit since some of the earlier reviews and you can now order cafe items from the main restaurant's register.

The service was fast and friendly, the noodles were excellent, the portions were generous (though the meat could be a little MORE generous, given the price of the dish), and the honeydew milk tea was refreshing.

During the meal the chef came out and chatted with our table a bit. Sounds like they'll be adding more types of noodle dishes to the menu shortly. If you're a fan of Asian noodles, this place is definitely worth stopping in at.
Just went to Republic Ramen a few weeks ago and again Saturday, everyone had been raving over the boba and ramen.  It was delicious. Since my friend told me they had added a vegetarian ramen, so  I was excited to go back and had to try it. 
Impressions; Loved the modern decor, felt very urban. The staff was also nice and helpful. Eager to share about the different flavors! 
The Ramen was wonderful. There was a nice amount of vegetables and a lot of tofu. The flavor of the broth was amazing. The noodles were cooked just the way I like them. The boba was fresh and I tried 2 different flavors. I had one with espresso that came recommended by the boba barista for the caffeine kick I needed, it was full of flavors as he said! I truly enjoyed it all and I will definitely be back soon.
I am happy to hear that a ramen noodle place opened in valley.  I love eating ramen noodles when I was in Cali.  At first driving into the plaza, it bring back the days when I attended ASU.  This location used to be billiard place. It was definitely a college hangout, still is.  The space of the restaurant is huge.  They divided portion of the restaurant with a Boba bar.  I thought it was pretty neat.  I didn't try the Boba drink, but my friend did.  I can't remember what she had, but the drink was too watery and too sweet, according to her.  The menu selection is small.  I had ordered their house ramen, Republic Ramen.  It was supposed to be mild, but of course it came out with a kick.  You get two or three charsiu porks, so call veggies (lot of scallions) lack of spinach, and sprouts.  I think they forgot to put in the sprouts.   The soup base was spicy.  That was it!  The soup was very bland.  Was it worth the $6.95 for a bowl of ramen?  Not really!  Would I go back? Yeah probably so, the restaurant can fit a large crowd; friendly staffs, and good mid location (Tempe).
firstly, they get 2 stars cause of the good effort and the sincere service of the wait staff, who are obviously anime fans and like all things Japanese :) but seriously, very attentive and good service, only reasoin why i give them 2 stars

overpriced and very average broth.  For like 7 bucks u get 3 thin slices of "char-shiu" , some sprouts, some golden mushroom and decent amt of noodles.  But realy, its 2 bucks to add 3 more slices of char shiu ?  and like 1 dollar to add sprouts ?  come on, thats a rip off.  

The only reason U go here is if u are too lazy to drive to somewhere better and really must have a hot bowl of ramen.  In this case I guess U can settle for this, but if U just want soup, go down to Khai Hoang on Apache and Mcclintock and U get much much better and more ingredients soupy broth noodles.

Dun go here for ramen if U can, go to like iKitchen or Sushi Ken, either one will top this place hands down.
I have yet to have the food here, however, their Boba Tea is great!! I have been looking for a new place to get Boba Tea and a friend took me here a few weeks ago and I have gone several times since! They make the tea several different ways (snow, slush, etc.) and have every flavor you could imagine. My favorite is the coconut milk tea (made with black tea)..yum!! Another great one is the snow taro tea made with soy milk and black tea. If you like Boba Tea, you will love this place. Also, pretty well priced. $3.25 for a small tea which is more like a medium.
I've gone twice - the weekend they opened and then the next weekend. I had to stop myself from going a third time because I could sense a snowball effect happening (both the fear I might start living there and the fear of becoming rounder and rounder in the mid section). 

Went to Japan last year and fell in love with kyushu/hakata ramen. Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe's is closer to what I had in Tokyo (though only half as good), but this was still very good. Got the Republic ramen which came as a nice big helping, piping hot. The noodles were done perfectly - not overdone. The pork the first time was super! I could taste the ginger and the pieces were large and lean. The second time I was disappointed in the pork - it was a smaller portion, fattier, and less taste. I did fear they pulled out the big guns for opening weekend and won't be the same from then on. Guess I'll have to go a third time to get a good average. 

I agree with others on here - skip the gyoza. I'm a huge fan of gyoza when done right, but these were greasy and thick with no dipping sauce if I'm remembering correctly. 

Oh - and yes, the look is modern but the benches have a bit of an unfinished edge. I thought I was going to get a splinter. Look out for this or opt for the high top seating.
Never thought much about Ramen noodles and how you can really make a meal of it.  Generally, it's one of those college foods you eat when you're dead broke and starving.  I can appreciate taking a simple dish and making it the main feature of the restaurant.  The noodles here is good and spicy I must say - if you need more spice; grab yourself a bottle of Siracha.  I can't handle my spice like I used to and it was just right for me.  Decor was simple Ikea like furniture - nothing wrong as long as it works.  Service was good with a friendly smile.  If I ever need another Ramen fix and feel lazy to make my own - I know where to go now.  There's a little boba shop connected to Republic so don't forget to grab some with your meal.  Enjoy!
Mmm, ramen!  The ramen here seems like a healthier fresher version of the stuff you can get in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles, CA!  I wonder if the owner is from California...

Anyways, the ramen here is quite delicious!  It has a chewy texture and the broth is full of flavor.  The variety of vegetables makes me feel like I ate something healthy versus eating something super heavy like pho can do at times.  I had the miso ramen with spam and gyoza combination and it was amazing.  The gyoza was a dumpling of flavor.

While there's still better ramen places out there, I'd still recommend this place to anyone!
I'm happy to see that something worthwhile has replaced the dismal hole that was Sparky's.  The atmosphere is light and calm, the service is friendly, and the staff seems to enjoy what they do.  When I went, they said they were still perfecting their recipes, which means it should only get even better.

You order at the counter, grab a table, and they bring your food when it's ready.  Soda is self-serve.  I had ramen and spam, and it was my first time with spam.  It was good for what it was, but just not to my taste.  The rest of the soup was pretty good though.  The squid salad ($6 for a decent amount of it) was very good and the squid didn't have that weird rubbery texture it gets when it isn't quite fresh.  I got a mango-almond snow boba and it was amaaziing.  Seriously, try this.  The guy who made it even tried some and was impressed.

Definitely will go back here.  Maybe even later today because it's sounding pretty good right now.
Recently went back to Ramen Republic since their soft opening.  They have added a few things to the menu and our ramen came out piping hot this time with properly cooked noodles.  

All things considered, definitely beats making Top Ramen at home and it hits the spot for a quick bowl of noodles in a tasty broth.
My meal here was just OK.  There were a few people in line in front of us, but we waited almost 15 minutes to place our order.  Not sure why it took so long.  At least our food was quickly brought to our table.

There's only one vegetarian option on the menu, which is not ideal.  It was OK, but it seemed like there were an awful lot of bean sprouts in it and not as many noodles as I would have liked.  I quickly finished the noodles and was left with a bowl full of broth and sprouts.  There were just a few small slices of tofu...disappointing for sure.

We also ordered a smoothie, and we waited about 25 minutes for it, longer than it took us to finish our meal.  We ended up taking it with us.  They said it took so long because it took a long time to make the boba, but we ordered ours without boba, and I guess it didn't occur to them to make ours first since they could do it right away.

The restaurant was clean and the food was pretty good, but overall not a satisfying experience.  I'll probably try it again when they've had longer to get their act together.
Loved it.  Light and tasty soup and chewy noodles and Spam(!),what's not to like?  Price is not bad.  In Japan ramen runs about $10 so count your blessings.
Heard raves from friends
checked it out 2pm ish with bf & bro
Ordered 3 different ramens:
Pork Tonkatsu, Beef Miso, Beef Spicy 

Very helpful, friendly counter guy
Nice chill soothing decor
Very yummy ramen with perfect doness/chewiness
Big bowl with lots of ramen but
I could definitely eat a bit more meat for $7+ bucks
Especially for all the growing/starving ASU kids nearby
(Tempe is not Japan where cost of living is higher
 and if they wanna thrive in a college area)

My fav was the tonkatsu soup base.
Not open Sundays, not sure why not..
Could see this as a late nite after bar hangout/eatery
If it stays open later like 11pm/midnite
Yeah Im a night owl

We all liked Republic Ramen and will be back!
Its kinda a hipster place for ramen.  I am Chinese and I seem to eat a lot of noodles nothing surprise me or wows me about noodles.  However I loved the idea of a noodle place.  I will go back and want to try some of the others types of ramen.
I've been now twice to Republic Ramen + Noodles for lunch and the first time was good but the second was much better! The first visit the friendly guy at the counter went thru the menu and I asked what his favorite was and it was the Tonkotsu and so I got that and had beef and chicken. The bowls are VERY large so I was shocked (even though they do have a bowl at the register to show you it looks very different full). Since it was so large he package the rest up for me to go. I also had a very yummy Boba on that visit as well.

The second visit I had the Republic Ramen which was spicy but VERY good. I opted not to get any meat in the noodles this trip as all bowls include Spinach, Sprouts, Scallions, Red Pepper and Carrots that was all I really wanted. This was so good I didn't have any left overs to take with me. 

I will for sure go back and try a few other dishes and more Boba drinks!

The decor is very simple and clean so that is another plus in my book!
My boyfriend & I decided to try this place... And we were not disappointed. It was delicious!! Cute place, clean, and everyone who worked there was super friendly. I had the Miso Ramen and the bf had the Shoyu Ramen, both were so good! I love Ramen Noodles, this place takes it to a whole new level :)
A foreword to this review- everyone PLEASE visit Republic Ramen for my own selfish purposes.  I've been waiting forever for quality boba somewhere near me and a legit ramen place.  This is it.  Support them :-)

MENU
Noodles:
The complaint from serious Ramen lovers here is that the menu might be a little limited.  However, it's Arizona, they're doing what they do right, and well, it's Arizona.  With the different varieties of add-ins and their spice/sauce selection, you can pretty much have any kind of delicious ramen you want.   They have 6 standard types of broth and 9 add-ins to mix it up.  They also have 3 combo options with edamame, gyoza, and curry rice.  
Boba: In case you haven't heard, the restaurant is split into a tea care and a noodle house.  The tea cafe has a great selection of boba flavors, tea varieties and a good solid tapica pearl (not overly sweet).  Props to the Taro- it's my favorite I've had so far which includes Chinatowns in New York, San Francisco and Seattle. They also have Snows (basically an awesome slushy) and regular teas.  

DRINKS:
See above for the boba.  The owner said they're trying to get a liquor license and he envisions an alcoholic boba menu in the future. Whaaaat?  Best idea ever.  But, as of now, no booze.  

VALUE: (hey, look! new cateogry to my reviews!)
The ramen is priced exactly how it should be, so long as you save the double helping for the next meal.  Don't throw it!  It's completely comparable to Ramen in bigger cities.  

CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITY
Brand new, spotless.  Great modern design and classy casual feel.  

SERVICE
They were a bit slow for what I ordered in the tea shop but the ramen comes out really quickly.  You can also order ahead for easy takeout.  I've only eaten in-house once so my service knowledge is limited.  Their takeout is 100% dependable, however.  

ATMOSPHERE
Urban casual without compromising atmosphere.  I would even take a date here- quick and funky, full of character, nice people, and definitely empty since this place is new and has trouble keeping a crowd (Again, please support- they're great!)
Good ramen is hard to come by in Phoenix. I heard about this place from one of my coworkers and thought I'd give it a try. I ordered the Republic Ramen, which was pretty decent. Spicy and plenty of stuff in it. The workers were super friendly and I'm excited to try something new next time. I recommend if you like ramen.
Republic is great. The service is fantastic and they truly bust their ass to bring the customer the highest quality ramen in this part of town. The prices are fantastic as you can get a huge bowl of delicious ramen for a mere $7 max. When I went I got the tonkotsu (awesome pork broth) with pork and naruto (I would also recommend, of course, an egg but they took all their eggs out of circulation because of a state?wide or countywide recall).

Really cool honesty and professional call on that as even though, as our waiter explained, that their eggs were organic and locally raised and completely unaffected it was better to be safe than sorry and save face if somebody were to ask questions concerning the eggs, BUT I digress. 

The ramen was made FAST and served beautifully. The fixings, condiments, and utensils were all abundant, varied, and self-serve and I found that so convenient and well thought-out. Drinks are cheap and self-served and their boba was great. 

I highly recommend the mango-almond snow and the taro-blueberry snow. My only con to the boba would have to be that it's a bit of a wait (between 10 and 20 minutes) but that's only because they have to boil the tapioca to order but at least you know you're getting a good product made fresh. Either way, it's a ramen joint and there aren't too many places around the Tempe ASU campus that sells boba, nonetheless fantastic tasting boba like this place. Best way to do it is to order your boba for dessert about halfway through your ramen so you can have sweet slushy finish to your salty, warm broth dinner. Drink water during your ramen as to not muddle and disrespect the ramen's flavor.

Service was great and really you can't ask for more than a friendly-face and enthusiastic service in a cheap high pace college ramen joint that is beautifully decorated and cranking out delicious soups minute after minute for the hordes of broke college kids and hungry twenty-somethings looking for something else than In-N-Out. 

Grab your girl or dude, order some ramen, get some boba, sit back, and enjoy.
Came in for an early dinner with my siblings and my boyfriend. It was a nice little restaurant, you order your food and they bring it to your table. The ramen was okay, I'll have to say I've had better with more options. 

But then I remember this is Arizona and we have pretty much nothing when it comes to food like this. 
The guy who took my order was really friendly and very enthusiastic when it came to answering our questions. The only thing missing was screaming "Irrashaimase!" when people walked in. Lol. I had ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and like others have said, the broth was pretty weaksauce when I compared it to Cherryblossom. It felt lacking, but it still had flavor. For some people it might be a little salty but I can see why there are lots of veggies in the soup, balances the flavor out.

My boyfriend had the Republic and he said it was pretty spicy, but his soup was a little lackluster for his tastes. 
My little brother and sister enjoyed their tonkatsu meals but didn't like the mass of vegetables in their way of noodle paradise. Haha.
All in all it was a nice experience. Quite a drive for some ramen though. We didn't wait too long for our boba drinks either. Probably because it wasn't that busy. 

I will be returning. :)
This is my new favorite place!  You will love their ramen. My favorite is the Republic Ramen which is spicy but addicting as well. The Miso Ramen is great  if you don't like spicy and the Tonkotsu Ramen is delicious if you like a more sweet milky flavored broth. You can add whatever vegetables and extras you want to. The gyoza is great but I prefer mine steamed and they are able to accommodate that if you request it. The staff couldn't be more friendly. The service is fast. Don't miss out on the Boba tea. I get the Thai milk tea with boba, it is perfect. I am so happy this place exists.
This place is fantastic! I walked in expecting to see stereotype Asian decor but I was blown away! It's modernized decor fit the food perfectly, they have free WiFi and these cool long tables and tall chairs that at first the tables just look long for decoration, but then I realized it has another use: catches your flicks of soup so it doesn't land on another person (LOL)!

Okay, I'm getting ahead of myself here; ordering was a bit intimidating, since it was my first time here. My friend was with me and walked me through it, it was a breeze! The guy who took our orders was nice and chatty, we sat, and our food came out fast - I was pretty impressed with the setup, really nice, modernized, and delicious.

The ramen is flavorful, the bean sprout crunchy, the carrots crunchy, the spinach delicious, and the noodles are al dente and then when they sit in the bowl at the bottom, it soaks up the broth and the flavors of whatever else you ordered as another topping! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
I haven't actually eaten my food here or eaten all of the dishes, but the ramen I have had here is extremely fucking tasty. The one problem I have is that there char siu is pretty thin. I've had ramen in a lot of countries and the standard for Japanese ramen is to cut the pork pretty thick (and throw an egg on top for bonus points). Granted I've only eaten here once but the pork was pretty thin....and I didnt hear anything about an egg. But i"m not ging to hold that against them. They have a great location, a clean shop, and a tasty menu. Will definitely be back as soon as I can convince my work lunch buddy to take me there :)
I have only had the tea here but it is pretty good and they are open late on the weekends! This is the only boba place open till 10 pm which is about the time I find myself craving a tea:) The staff is awesome! The place is clean and newly remodeled. They have a new expanded tea menu which is nice. The boba has never been "perfect" though, it is always a little too chewy and somewhat over cooked. A couple of times I have gotten teas where the boba was in a big solid lump at the bottom of my glass. Not optimal. BUT over all it is a good place with a great vibe.
always have really friendly staff, good food, very fast service, huge bowls of ramen/udon, and some good Thai iced tea (boba)

only wish they were closer so we could go more often!
Does the Republic Ramen cure the common cold? According to a friend endearingly known as Asian Bob it does.

After a short weekend in Seattle, I came back with the sniffles. Two weeks later and I'm not sure if it's a flu or allergies. Either way, my congested sinuses left me sounding a little like Elmer Fudd. Enter Asian Bob and his spicy remedy to clear out the last of this seasonal sickness.

I hadn't heard of Republic Ramen + Noodles located next to the Phoenix Rock Gym on Dorsey & University. I was surprised at the mod and clean layout - a far cry from the pizza place that used to be here. The staff knew exactly what I needed and soon a huge bowl of ramen was sitting in front of me.

I loved that it was full of spicy broth. It wasn't the hottest thing I've ever eaten, but over the next 12 hours it worked its magic. The next morning I woke up with a clear head and normal voice.

Thanks Republic Ramen!
Only true ramen joint in this cultureless barren wasteland known as Phoenix metropolitan area.  Enjoy it while you can, places like this doesn't have long life expectancy.
If you're like me, when you hear the word ramen you think about the packages of dried noodles with the flavor pack that you get at the grocery store five for a dollar. So walking into a restaurant that specializes in ramen, I didn't really know what to expect.

Luckily, the guy working behind the counter was nice enough to walk me through the various ramen options so I knew just what I was getting myself into.

This ramen is like the store bought stuff on steroids. First of all - they give you a ton! I couldn't even get through half of it. Secondly, it includes something the store stuff lacks - fresh ingredients. Mixed in with the noodles was spinach, carrots and I chose pork as my meat. The broth was flavorful and the noodles has a nice flavor and consistency. I would have liked more pork though. The meat to noodle ratio was a bit unbalanced.

I think this place is a good alternative to other asian restaurants and would make a great option for a quick and filling lunch.
This was pretty great. We came down from N. Phoenix just to check it out. The menu is pretty simple and great for the vegetarian in your family. I got the house, Republic Ramen, which was a little spicy but flavorful. The pork was thinly cut and I wish it was in a little smaller pieces. Star's vegetarian looked good. She got the tofu of course but only got 4 slices. The waiter made a point to mention that they were pan seared. She would have liked a few more slices after all the add tofu winds up being $.50 a slice. We walked away spending a little under $25 for two entrees an pp. of edamame and a 1 large Kirin. The broth makes a great second day soup with some buttered bread. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new experience at a reasonable price.
First and formost I will have you know I am an avid pho eater and Boba drinker. Coming from the Los Angeles area, I know what is good and what is not. This place is AWESOME! Service is fantastic. There is a server there named Tony who is extremely personable and makes delicious drinks-ask for him. The music is good and there is a nice vibe. The Shoyu is definitely my favorite bowl as well as the Thai Milk Tea! The boba is always soft. The restaurant is extremely clean and the workers take pride in their services there. They also have a wide variety of alcoholic beverages. This place is GREAT, I recommend it to all of my close friends. Also very reasonable prices.
Coming from Seattle with lots of good Japanese food, and moved to the desert, gives me a bit of pessimistic thoughts about this place. It is the only ramen place in Phoenix and just opened this March. We visited this place for lunch on Sunday. But after entering the door and feel the atmosphere, I had a good feeling already. The cashier was so passionate about his products and explained how the menu works in 3 minutes presentation, very impressive... I tried what he recommended , the tonkatsu noodle, the usual choice I make in Seattle. The price was cheap too for the huge portion they serve ($6.95/bowl). This is definitely a place to hang out if you want to not spend lots of money but still going home full. 
I love his recommendation! And we tried the shrimp tempura appertizer as well, and the garlic sweet sauce is just addictive! 
I recommend this place and definitely will come again!
Not much places you can find ramen in AZ. Republic Ramen or Tonkatsu is great, always get one of the two. The sides are small, too small and not worth getting in my opinion.
The noodles were good but the boba was my favorite! yummy :-)
Excellent and unique food, helpful and friendly employees and very reasonable prices.
Like many people, I grew up on cheap, 5/$1 Ramen noodles.  Everyone had their "special" way of making them in the hood and no two ways were the same.  However, until you have a real bowl of Ramen, you don't realize just how bad your version is!

Republic takes Ramen to another level.  The bowls are large, hot and stuffed with multiple fresh ingredients.  While the dine in experience is somewhat spartan, it is a perfect spot to sit and enjoy a nice lunch without the usual jammed packed scene that many University area restaurants enjoy.  The Boba menu is also a plus if you never had one - Try Green Apple.
ehhhhhh, i was really excited to have a ramen shop next to my house.. but honeslty i can't tell difference between their ramen and the frozen one. 
Broth is so-so, and noodles... i think they use frozen.
Their gyoza is not really worth it, neither is their fried rice. 

I guess its okay, if your craving a quick grab, but kind of expensive for not good quality ramen. 
Dose not taste ANYTHING like real ramen in Japan. 

Their boba is pretty good though =D and staff is very friendly.
I discovered this place driving around Arizona State trying to find a cheap place for lunch.  As a ramen lover, it's difficult to find a good ramen place in the valley.  So when I saw a ramen place, I thought I'd try this one out.  Walking in gave me a hip trendy vibe.  It's definitely college friendly.  A modern look.

The menu has everything you'd expect in a ramen shop: regular ramen, spicy ramen, seafood, and vegetarian.  But the star of the show is definitely the Tonkotsu ramen.  Even the cashiers would recommend this choice.  It's a milky pork stock soup.  I ordered it with chashu (Japanese soysauce marinated) pork and egg.  The ramen was cooked perfectly: bouncy and not soggy.  The thinly sliced pork had just enough fat to be tender and flavorful.  When they served it, it came with bean sprouts and spinach.  Everything came together with the help of the broth.  Adding a bit of the red pepper gives it a good kick, but it doesn't overpower the flavor of the soup.

I definitely recommend anyone with a passion for ramen and Japanese food to try this place.  For those who are indecisive or unsure what to order.  Repeat after me to the cashier: Tonkotsu ramen with chashu pork and egg please!

5 star only b/c of the Tonkotsu.
Before I had visited this restaurant, ramen to me was the small packages at the grocery store which aren't that great. But at Republic Ramen, I had an opportunity to try something more authentic than those cheap packages at the store. The service was good, and the employee who helped us was very fluent in ramen knowledge. Afterwards, other employees were really nice in providing a take-home container. 

Also, the atmosphere is nice and modern in style. I would recommend this place to anybody who would like to try restaurant-style ramen.
Nooodle Soup! Growing up, noodle soup was a staple in my family. From the 15 cent ramen packages, to the upgraded ramen/pho/vermicelli packages you would get at the Asian supermarket, to the real deal: Noodles made from scratch that my Nai Nai (grandma) would make.

Republic Ramen + Noodles really brought that soothing comfort food feel back, but without the guilt of prepackaged, processed, fried ramen. Nope these noodles are made fresh daily (or so the cashier told me with much enthusiasm when I asked him if the noodles were fried like the notorius 15 cent packages). Fresh ingredients of spinach, sprouts, and cute little petal shaped carrots to garnish your hot, steamy bowl. 

The steps are simple: choose your broth, choose your protein, choose your add ins like egg, kimchi, or tofu. This place to me was genius. Noodle soup heaven and healthy to boot.

My favorite was the Tonkotsu ramen. I also tried the Shiro as well, but it was a bit too salty for my taste.

This place was right next door to the condo I rented out for Ironman Arizona. I enjoyed it so much I visited 3 times. Twice for noodle soup and once for the bubble tea. The snow drinks were a fantastic post race reward drink ( I had been eyeing them the week leading to the race). They were as good as I had imagined if not better.

Thanks RR for fueling me up with noodle soup goodness pre and post race!
Very big portions, with flavorful, distinct broth options.  My favorite broth so far is the tonkatsu ramen.  There are a lot of different add-ons you can put in the soup, and I was happy to see that they had tea eggs on the menu!  They also have bubble tea, but the tapioca I had tasted old and soggy, and it was very flavorless (taro milk tea).  The tempura is also very good- very crispy with fresh vegetables.
This place is phenomenal. I had my first visit around Halloween and have been back weekly ever since. I'm a huge fan of Kim Chee and these folks have nailed it. The coffees and teas they have next door are extremely good as well. I usually will take some back to the office after lunch. 

Living in NYC, I used to love to hit St Mark's and enjoy some good ramen. I figured I had lost that opportunity upon moving here, but thanks to Republic, I"m back in business. Keep up the good food, I'll see you guys next week!
Ramen isn't like that foamy starch they serve in Styrofoam cups you get from the truck stop.  Ramen is a rich, thick broth with hearty noodles, delicious meat (or tofu), and some exotic add-ons to pull the whole experience together.  If you're a ramen fan, or just want to try something new and delicious in Tempe, visit Republic Ramen + Noodles.

This place serves dome fabulous ramen.  They also have a cafe that serves delicious milk tea.
I really enjoyed my experience here. Right when we walked in they guy at the counter was super helpful. He explained the menu to us, gave us his suggestions, and gave very detailed descriptions of everything they have. I had the tonkotsu ramen, spicy, and my dining companion had the republic ramen, spicy as well, both with pork. We grabbed our drinks (best iced tea ever!) and found a table. The place was modern, and most importantly very clean. Our orders arrived quickly in gigantic steaming bowls. While my fiances noodles were delicious, I defiantly out ordered him, my tonkotsu broth was heavenly. I loved all the veggies and the noodles were just right. And we both had enough for lunch the next day! 


By the way, Ive been twice now and Ty has been working the counter both times. I hope the rest of the employees are even half as friendly and knowledgeable as he is! Every time I have a question he gives a very informative answer and always seems to be pretty passionate about it too.
Authentic ramen with superb flavor! My fiance and I moved to Phoenix from West L.A. where we frequented a place called Kinchan's Ramen. 
We visited Republic Ramen and didn't expect it to measure up to our old neighborhood favorite, but it certainly surprised us! Great taste, great value, and knowledgeable, friendly counter help to boot. Staff is happy to help you customize your order. If it is your first time having ramen, don't be afraid to consult the staff for help understanding the various flavors and options- they are super helpful and know their ramen!
I was unsure to expect when i arrived here since it was my first time. The guy at the front was very helpful because i told him it was my first time and had no clue how to order.  I chose my broth which was the spicy one and added beef, corn etc.  It was huge and more than i was expecting.  It was really good.  We ordered Gyoza for our little one and edemame which was a great choice.  It is very nice and clutter free inside.  I ate everything in sight because it was so good. I will definitely be back before i move out of town. I hope to find a place like this in CA.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I ordered miso ramen and they gave me shoyu. I immediately knew that it wasn't miso because it lacked miso's distinct foggy hue and traces of fermented bean paste.  I have grown accustomed to the unique look of miso broth after having lived in Chiba/Tokyo for 3 years.

When I took my bowl to the service counter, the attending chef told me that because their miso has no MSG, it isn't as potent as "regular" miso. I have had MANY types of miso, and none of them taste like bland greasy salt water. Rather than own up to his mistake, the chef lied to my face. To make the situation worse, as I left the restaurant I saw a fellow customer enjoying genuine miso broth ramen.
A less-than-stellar attempt at something that should be in the realms of instant noodles rather than fresh ramen. Listen, I'm all for the underdog but to cut corners and inflate prices will do nothing but hurt business in the long run. On my particular visit, they were out of pork and chicken. Really? Out of pork at a ramen house? So we opt for the spam and beef. The beef I kid you not was 3 slices of deli roast beef. I AM DEAD SERIOUS! What kind of place are you running here? I mean I understand eclectic is good at times but roast beef in ramen? The noodles were Zeppelinly overcooked and then there's the heavily MSG fortified Tonkotsu and "Republic" soup that lacked any depth or long simmered flavor but sufficed in the dry soup packet flavor and an induction of food coma the makers of Ambien would show devout interest in. Overall, there's an aberrant discontinuity of flavors here at this establishment and I was unimpressed and unmotivated to come again. Either cut your prices (after all you're in college-town) or pack up your soup packets and take it elsewhere.
I was quite skeptical of Republic Ramen at first--not because of how it looked, smelled, or what I had heard but because why would there be a restaurant charging 8 dollars for what I can make for .14 cents?

Man was I wrong. My friends invited me and when I showed up I was happily surprised by the very clean restaurant. Couples sat in the back eating and drinking sake. The lady at the counter was very friendly and when I asked for an explanation of the menu she was very helpful. 

The menu works something like this: pick your broth (they have 5 or 6), then pick the meat. The vegetables are standard but they do have some extras including kimchi!

And the kimchi was amazing, the perfect amount of spice. And it tasted great when put into the ramen. 

The goyza and tempura were amazing and after finishing them I only wanted more. I got their standard ramen with chicken and while the chicken was a tad dry (overcooked) the taste of the broth and the freshness of the vegetables more then made up for it.

Though I've only been once I plan on going again, to try some of their other broths.
This place is so failsauce compared to that of real ramen.  The noodles were reminiscent of instant noodles more so than actual ramen.  The broth served was barely lukewarm.  It seemed as if they just melted a few bouillon cubes rather than it being cooked from actual ingredients.  I went there all excited that Arizona had a place dedicated to ramen and left so disappointed.   I really wanted to love the place. 

The seaweed salad and kimchi were quite good however but again for a place that is titled Republic Ramen, one would think the focus would be on the actual ramen.  If you go to Ranch Market you can buy the Asian instant noodles and have a better tasting experience.  

Although Toh San isn't great by any means - it was MUCH better than Republic Ramen.   If you get a chance to visit NYC - please visit Ippudo.  It'll introduce you to real ramen.
Coming from O.C./ Irvine area, I've been craving good beef noodle. Looked this place up and saw the great reviews, I thought I had to try it! 

To my disappointment it was nothing like I had expected. I mean the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything really.... I asked for super spciy... and it wasn't really spicy at all... it was really just kind of plain.

A lot of broth, not enough noodles... that's all I have left to say about this place.
Republic Ramen is amazing! I love all the broth flavors, and the variety of add-ins. And their cafe is great too! Excellent boba, and coffee as well
Republic Ramen + Noodle gave me hope.  Why?  Well, when I left the SF Bay area a while back, the thing I dreaded leaving most was all the amazing privately-owned restaurants and hidden ma-n-pa joints that serve up delicious, authentic food.  Republic Ramen soothed my fear a lil though, since they dish out a pretty tasty bowl of ramen.  In fact, their Shoya ramen is just as good as my regular order back in Cali - butter corn ramen.  (I did have to add corn to it though and would love to see a butter corn option on the Republic menu one day.)    

The restaurant is clean, freshly decorated and service was efficient (order and pay at front counter, they bring your food).  Those facts, combined with the fact that the ramen was so good (and they have kimchi sides), give Republic 5 stars!

See ya there!
Ordered the republic ramen with tofu and it tasted bland.  My husband got the republic ramen with spam and it tasted much better than mine.  His had a nice sweet flavor, which is what I would recommend.
I really have become a fan of this place. I have tried a couple different soups (although like a few others when ordering miso got somethings else once), the gyoza, boba and coffee.

Everything is very tasty I just love the beef Republic ramen with a bit of sesame chili oil added. For the price it is a good filling meal and when you add the $1 off coupon from the campus discount books its perfect. The gyoza are great crisp but not too crisp and the flavor and the flavor of the sauce is great and at 3 for $2 not a bad little side dish with the soup.

They also make a pretty good mocha which I tried the other day and the boba's are fun but I have only had the thai tea version.

The staff here is very good too they are super helpful if you aren't sure what you want, get things out quickly, if its not packed check in on you (rare for a counter order place) and they are just good all around.
We're lucky to have Republic R+N in the Valley, let alone Tempe. It's an amazing ramen cafe - with six different broths and a dozen different add-ins from which to choose. Plus they just expanded the menu to include other classic fast Japanese favorites - curry, udon combos, etc. The space is beautiful, and the employees - every last one of them - are so friendly and helpful and accommodating. This is such a five star place!!!!

Minor quibbles - extra spicy broth is almost indistinguishable from normal broth, and the curry is not traditional Japanese curry. It's OK, but not what you'd expect. Major quibble - what they charge for protein is simply outrageous. A few sprinklings of chicken, a few slices of pork or beef, a few cubes of tofu = two dollars added on??? An already pricey $7 bowl becomes a $10 bowl including tax because a (very) little protein is added? Unless this is Kobe beef, this is outrageous. Penny wise and pound foolish guys - triple the protein you serve or cut its price in half. The current pricing is crazy.

C'mon guys - you're so five stars, just fix the protein problem! In the meantime, dear reader, this is still a place to relish at any price.
I had seen this place for months, and me and my friends finally stopped in for a try. It was pretty good!
When you first walk in the doors it looks very modern. The menu is right behind the register in big print, you order, then sit down and wait to be served. The portions they give are fair to their prices (although the add-ons for the ramen are a little expensive) and you definitely feel full once you're done with your bowl. I tried the miso ramen and I enjoyed it.
A couple things I didn't like; The boba tea. It's alright. I had gotten almond milk tea, and at first taste, it was weird. I could only taste the almonds and milk, hardly the tea, and the boba was very, very chewy. Eventually the drink grew on me a little more, but I have doubts on trying a milk tea again off their boba menu.
Another thing, and this was just me personally- I had gotten miso ramen with tofu, but the tofu wasn't really satisfying. I was expecting the tofu to have warmed up and absorbed more of the miso flavor, however it was lukewarm, and just tasted like tofu. But thinking about this later, I realize that it's not miso soup with tofu already in it, they only put the tofu in when requested. But that was something I found a little disappointing.
One final thing: I wasn't sure if I should tip or not. they bring out your food and take your plates away, but I hadn't seen anyone else in the restaurant tip, nor anyone at my table. I had tipped anyway, but I completely lost on whether I should have or not.
This was actually very close to only getting 3 stars, but I'm giving it 4 with the benefit of the doubt that I'll try it again and like it even better next time.
The portions are okay.  I didn't think the gyoza were great.  tasted a bit freezer burned (dry) and they looked deep fried which was weird.  Lots of people come in, a testament to their popularity.  A good mix of locals, college students, hipsters and whatnot all congregate to get a bowl of steaming noodles.  The ramen is what you want, the udon and soba are only okay.  (i.e. you can make those items yourselves).  They come pretty plain and you pay for additional toppings and accoutraments.  The tempura is good, just greasy enough but only comes with a meager three pieces.  the service is spotty, the hostess/receptionist has a tendency to mix up orders, having her read back your order is a must.  Its not the super cheap meal that you would expect for ramen, but it is pretty tasty.  the place is trendy, bright with piped in techno style music.  I didn't feel like I was in the middle of tempe despite having just stepped in from the stripmall location in the nondescript side of Tempe.
It took a few visits to find the ramen I liked best, but they are all good. Very sizable portions, and quick service. Employees are very friendly and I enjoy making regular trips.
Well at least they don't use crappy cup o' noodles right?

I got my ramen to go, i don't know if that affected my quality? Anyways lets get down to business... I got the Republic Ramen, its named after the place it has to be good.... well it's nothing to rave about really. The broth was pretty good though, nice spice but not over powering. I think i would most likely try some of their other stuff because that one either just wasn't me, nor did i think it was that "four star" amazing which people are raving. 

The toppings are really skimpy and cheap for a ramen place that charges as much as they do. Don't bother getting a side it is way too expensive for just 2-3 pieces. 

Don't get me wrong i'd go back.. but i don't think i will be going back because i crave them...not good enough to have me crave it. and the price, get a drink and a side and your tab jumps up...stay with just the ramen and drink water, there is enough sodium in there anyways.

Um drinks are really expensive here too, thought it would be cheaper since its right next to one of the biggest universities. guess they are trying to draw in a different crowd. The ASU flag hanging was really tacky btw. the store decor was nice besides that, had some nice flat screens to watch some game while you take your "boo" or "shorty" out somewhere besides that pub.
Tried the spicy ramen with egg and beef.  I lived in Tokyo and I have tried many different types of ramen.  I didn't have high expectations but I thought it was good.  I will definitely go there again.
I give this place a four star, just because it give pretty ok ramen, at the location, Tempe. You can't really find real Japanese food around Tempe,  It was interesting how we can chose our meat from, pork,beef, tofu, spam, and chicken. normally pork would be the best choice (chashu) but it's an idea to have little different taste for ramen. Definitely coming back, when I visit Tempe
In the grand scheme of Phoenix area noodle shops, this place is average.  I ordered the spicy tonkatsu soup with chicken for lunch one day this week - it came out piping hot and in a huge bowl.  The spice was subtle but definitely present, and the cloudy pork broth had pretty good flavor.  The noodles were what was most mediocre in my mind - they were a little chewy and definitely weren't as good as Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe's.  Toppings were light (compared to the picture next to the menu board) but adequate.

I may come back, but for a noodle lunch near work I definitely prefer Khai Hoan.
This place is AWESOME!  I could there everyday no problem.  It's super inexpensive and they bring you a huge bowl, enough to feed 2, but you'll find that you continually keep eating no matter how full you are because it's so good.  The ramen has so much flavor and it's delicious with all the fresh veggies.  AND they offer Boba tea which is another bonus.  Check this place out if you're looking for something tasty and cheap.
I encountered this place when I went to the Phoenix Rock Gym and was excited to try it! I moved here from California not too long ago and was missing the delicious ramen places back home. I got the Republic Ramen and a black milk tea with boba. The people who work there are excellent! Great service, quick, and really friendly. The style is kinda modern with a cool hang out vibe. (not sure if that is a thing but I'm making it one :))

The republic ramen was tasty. It is a little spicy. Comes with 5 or 6 slices of the meat of your choice, fresh spinach, and fresh bean sprouts. I thought the flavor was decent but missing a little something savory about it, but still overall good. I might be a little skewed because I haven't had ramen for a while and was craving it. But, I would definitely go back.

The boba was the highlight for me. The tapioca balls were a perfect balance of chew not old and hard like most of the places around here. The milk tea was a perfect amount of sweet unlike other bobas that make me feel like one sip and I'll go into instant diabetic shock. 

Overall I love this place!
We went here for a team dinner with a group from UCLA. Our group loves ramen, that's one of our things. This place is very nice and spacious, lots of room and has a modern-esque look to it. I ordered the Ramen Republic and had a taste of the Tonkatsu Ramen.

The Ramen Republic was "spicy" but honestly, if you're a person who loves spicy food, you're going to have to dump some of their spicy seasoning in there. Overall, I thought the taste and flavor wasn't so bad; the tonkatsu was very brothy and had a good pork flavor, the ramen republic had good flavor but wasn't spicy. I wasn't a big fan of their noodles, too hard in my opinion. Also, there are only 2 slices of pork (or any other meat)... which is simply not enough if you want to enjoy something hearty and delicious like ramen. Great thing is that they have a good portion for their ramen noodles. You can add more but it'll cost you a dollar or two! However, the taste and noodles are just not up to par with some of the LA ramen places.

The staff was extremely friendly and great to us. There was one guy who had just started that day that I wouldn't have known if he never told me. Really great service especially with a group as large as ours (~30 people).  Had a good time there though!
I would take Republic Ramen for what it is- fast food ramen priced inexpensively, located in the heart of a college town. 

There is, unfortunately, a huge dearth of good ramen places here in Phoenix. When my girlfriend told me about this, I was keen on checking it out. I love Cherry Blossom, but it gets a bit boring to have that be the only joint in town I enjoy ramen at! Also, nothing helps clear blocked allergies like hot ramen and a steaming cup of green tea! 

I got the tonkatsu ramen, whilst the boyfriend got the miso ramen. I had no complaints about mine. It wasn't rocking my proverbial world, but it was good decent food. It tasted like tonkatsu broth, and I liked the fresh spinach, bean sprouts and the egg I paid extra for. 

His miso ramen, however, was very disappointing. A friend had warned me that this was 'white people ramen', and his ramen lived up to that warning. It tasted like bland, straight up soy sauce broth. No trace of miso at all. I actually forgot he had miso stock and not the soy sauce before he reminded me about it. 

The gyoza were also nicely edible, but nothing to go home talking about. 

As I said, take it for what it is. Fast food ramen in a college town. It's good to satisfy your cravings, but not something that will rock your world. Not everything can be 5 stars. My suspicion is that you'll find just such mediocre ramen places even in Japan.
I can't believe a Japanese person could eat an entire bowl of this ramen but the waitperson insisted it is authentic. I have to give it to them -- it's the best ramen I've ever had!

When you walk in, there's a certain way of ordering. You pick a base soup and then add ingredients. If you are having any trouble figuring it out, the helpful staff, with names like Shiloh and Moonbeam will be glad to help you out.

The huge bowls are reasonably priced and extremely filling, so if you order a side dish, you can forget about finishing. Probably better to go in knowing you'll come out with half of it left over for dinner.
I have never had REAL ramen until I came here. I had been raised thinking ramen was just noodles in a package that you boil for 3 minutes and add the contents of a silver packet (predominately made of sodium), and voil! 

This place is fantastic delicious offering ramen, udon and rice dishes with fresh ingredients for about 6.50 an item. The servings are absolutely huge, but fantastic.  

My boyfriend and I tried this place out on a Saturday night a few weeks ago. It was quiet inside, but the cashier explained they just finished with their dinner rush.

I ordered the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the curry rice with a side order of goyoza. There were three goyoza to an order, and to be honest, they were small for the price.  The miso ramen and the curry rice were both very good. 

We went there a week later (due to a hankering of mine) and decided to share a bowl of the republic ramen along with edamame and veggie tempura. All of it was delish. 

The only downside to the restaurant is that it smells like a grease fryer.  When we left, our clothes stank like grease.   

Other than the smell of grease, the place is fantastic.
Arizona? Japanese food? Ramen? 

Ramen in...Arizona?

That is correct, boys and girls, ramen exists in Tempe, Arizona.

And it's actually not to far from the likes of the famous ramen joints in CA. I had a taste of the tonkatsu and miso ramen, and they were both pretty flavorful, with an O-kay broth. The noodles, like Angela Y. says, aren't too amazing. They're hard and the consistency is too instant-rameny for my liking. I had the curry and let me just say... the portions are humongous! Split 50/50 between curry (potatos, curry sauce, and carrots) and white rice, this thing will fill you up like no other. However, the curry's nothing more than the stuff you can make out of instant packets and microwavable meals. 

The restaurant is large and accommodated our group of 30+ people very well. Service was spot on, though the register took some time due to credit card processing waits. Our servers brought our bowls out consistently and quickly, and everything came out freshly cooked. 

GOOD: Portions, price, service
Not too great: Ramen noodles
Grew up on instant ramen, had ramen in New York at some hole in the wall Japanese place where we literally got seated in a closet, found out there was a ramen place south of me in Tempe.

The staff is nice and service is quick. I had a big get together here with around 15 people and everyone got served fairly quickly. As for the food itself, it's a step up from the cups of instant noodles, but nothing special.
Soooooo goooood!!!!!!!!!!! My fiance and I went here for the first time a couple weeks ago. The girl at the counter was extremely helpful in explaining their options, and you get soooooo much soup for the price! I have to admit, i liked my fiance's better, so i'm definitely going to try it next time. I had the house broth, and it was very good, a little spicy. He had the broth that was a little more milky and it was very good, especially after adding a little sriracha. I highly recommend them if you're in the mood for some delicious comfort food.
The food was decent. The service was fairly good, and the friendly staff helped explain the menu. But really - I can make this at home. What makes it so special?
Good ramen, the noodles are okay, but the broth is always delicious. Lots of add ins, and lots of choices. I get something a little different every time I go. Staff is very nice and helpful, and the prices aren't too bad. Only wish it were closer to me in Phoenix, but when I go to Tempe, I always make a stop here.
I have been on the look out for a solid ramen house in the Phoenix metro area. This isn't it.

It's not bad. It's just okay. The noodles were the best part, and the staff who took our order said they special order the fresh ramen noodles from LA. The broth (I had the Spicy Republic) was also pretty good, if not a tiny bit over salted. However, I'm used to real ramen, where the bowl is rich with vegetables, herbs, bean sprouts, meat, tofu, etc.  Here, you get noodles and broth and just a few small pieces of carrot, a handful of bean sprouts, a handful of spinach, and whatever protein you choose. THEN, you can add on for $0.50 an item what is typically already in the bowl at a traditional ramen house. 

We also ordered the Japanese curry - also just okay. There isn't anything bad to say about it, but there wasn't anything to rave about either.

Cleanliness and customer-friendly service here were 5 stars - greeted when we came in, the server/cashier explained everything he knew about the menu and made pleasant suggestions. I saw him and the other server do the same thing with all of the other people waited on, so they are also consistent with their excellent service. 

I'd definitely go back, but I know what to expect now. It's a good bowl of noodle soup, but it wasn't the ramen I was craving.
I'm a big noodle and ramen fan.  This is a terrific place so far.  I've only tried a couple of their dishes but have not been disappointed yet.  Their default republic ramen dish is pretty solid and has good flavor.  I'd like to get back and try some of the others.  It would be nice if they possibly offered some of their dishes with a choice of noodles but being a ramen house they specialize in that type.  Very friendly staff and great portions for the price.  It would probably be best to add extra addins but then the price does tend to go up.

All in all it's a solid place for some good ramen.
Great food and an awesome atmosphere, staff is extremely friendly and the prices are reasonable.
Love love love this place.  It is fresh, clean, and affordable.  The portions are so a friend and I can share an entree (we always get the Tonkatsu and spice it up with the Sriracha sauce) and the service is always great or exceptional.  Boba is always tasty, and I hear the special summer menu is coming...can't wait!
I came here on Friday with a dire craving for Soba Noodles. I have never had Soba Noodles, before and I have been yearning it since watching a rerun of Iron Chef Japan the other night. Upon glancing over the menu I decided to order Shrimp Tempura Soba, $6.95 a Squid Salad $3 and bought a soda. All of which came to $15 bucks with tip. Not a bad deal at all IMO. 
I began with the Squid Salad. A more than generous portion of Squid I thought for the price. It was cooked and marinated quite nicely. Next up, the main dish. The Tempura came on the side as 2 Shrimp Tempura and a piece of Carrot Tempura. The Tempura batter was actually quite nice, no complaints there. Now for the Soba. It came in a huge piping hot bowl. The broth was very clean, fresh, and enjoyable. The Soba Noodles tasted good I thought. I can't give a comparison to other Soba Noodles though, so I don't know if they were great of terrible as far as Soba is concerned, but I had no complaints. This is one of those things where I have to try numerous Soba Noodles to make a valid argument. But as far as I'm concerned it didn't disappoint. The one odd thing I thought though was that I did not see one Japanese employee in there. Kind of quirky, but oh well. This is a solid meal at a good value.
I'm Chinese, and I have traveled to Japan many times...this is some of the best ramen in America I have ever had! I had to move away, but while I was living there I was literally at Republic Ramen every single day. Their boba is fresh and flavorful, their edamame is perfectly prepared, and each of their ramen dishes is absolutely wonderful. My personal favorite was the miso ramen with naruto, pork, and the usual toppings with a black milk tea. Everyone who works there is super nice and chill, always friendly and courteous. 

It just doesn't get better than this!
Great food, great people, great atmosphere.... i could go on! My daughter loves boba snow and Tony makes it the best. They have tons of teas too! The RAMEN IS VERY YUMMY! Plenty to share with someone!
I'm a big foodie, and I love noodles, my single favorite dish in the world is Pho. Ever since learning about real ramen, I've been dying to try it. I chose to get the Shoyu Ramen with pork and egg topping. It was actually really good. A little heavy on the sprouts and spinach, but overall really good. Paired it with a Fire Rock beer (probably should have got boba). I can't compare it to anything else, since this was my first time, but I would have it again, trying miso or shio. However, the ramen here doesn't hold a candle in the wind to a hot bowl of Pho. On a side note, if you're really into ramen, watch Anthony Bourdain's episode about it, Ramen Girl with the late Brittany Murphy, and read David Chang's first issue of Lucky Peach magazine.
Um... Yum! This place was surprisingly good. I have had ramen (real ramen) one other time in Seattle, and I thought it was alright, but this was really good! I got the shio broth, which was good, kind of a standard clear broth, and I added garlic and got chicken in it. The guy at the counter was super helpful, and he helped me pick out what to put in the soup... he didn't even seem (that) annoyed by all of my questions either, so that was nice. I really liked the way they garnished the soup, it had spinach, carrot, sprouts, and green onions. It looked really colorful and added some dimension to the soup. I added some of their spicy seasoning stuff and it was good. The noodles were really tasty, they were just the right texture for ramen, a little chewy. Gotta like that! Also, the chicken surprised me in how good it was! It looked not so great in the bowl, but when I tried it, it was so tender... like infused with the broth and melting in my mouth.... so good. The portion size is huge, I couldn't finish it. I will definitely come back here... if it was good in the summer, I can only imagine it will be great in the winter!
I am a HUGE ramen fan...came to Phoenix for a quick 1 day visit and had to try the ramen in AZ.  Following the reviews on yelp, i decided to give this place a try.  Big mistake.  Ok, it's not horrible - but ramen is hard to mess up on.  I have had really really good ramen and this is nothing even close to it.
I enjoyed my food and will likely go back.  It is a good/simple thing to feed to the kids as well.  For $6.95 you get a huge bowl of ramen.  I got the vegetarian one with tofu.  They also have rice (gluten free) noodles.  Add a bit of the sarrachi sauce and it was tasty.  I couldn't finish the whole bowl.  Perhaps that has something to do with the $2 happy hour plate of vegetable tempura I ate... or the chocolate strawberry snow with boba that I had.  The boba is not as good as the one from The Boba House in Chandler.... a tiny bit dry in the middle.  Also, I had ordered a coconut strawberry drink and they accidentally made chocolate strawberry.  I didn't mind and drank it anyway.  Kinda wished I had the coconut instead but it was still good.
Great ramen. Spent a year in Japan and this reminded me of being there. Will be going back.
I'm not super into ramen, but I've been eyeballing this place for months every time I pass it. Today, it was time to finally give it a try.

I got the republic ramen with pork. The menu says that every ramen dish comes with spinach, sprouts, scallions and carrots. My order came with most of this, except the carrots. Instead, I got carrot. 1 tiny piece of a carrot. Haha.. that's a bit of a shame considering I love carrots. I wasn't expecting  a lot, but it was literally just a tiny nickel-sized piece of carrot. The broth was not terribly flavorful. The portion size was generous enough that I can get two meals out of it, which is nice for the price.

I also got the veggie tempura side, which is usually 3 dollars, but was only 2 because I came during happy hour. It was pretty good- highlight of my lunch/dinner.

The boba I got was definitely the best part. It might not be the greatest boba ever, but I'm not exactly a connoisseur so it seemed pretty damn good to me. I got the Thai milk tea, and it was super delicious with a generous portion of boba. Very refreshing on a hot summer day.

The staff was very friendly.

All in all.. I think I might try some other dishes here, but I probably won't come back for the ramen. Will definitely return for tea.
DISSAPPOINTED!!
I ordered the TONKOTSU ramen with chyashu pork of course, but they ran out of pork!!! So I supplemented with egg and chicken. 
Soup was thin and flavorless, egg over cooked, chicken bland, the bean sprouts, and spinach was not helpful or wanted!
I make better instant ramen at home! Having had unforgettable ramen from Japan and very good ramen in Hawaii and irresistable ramen in Vegas even.... I'm sad AZ ramen is embarrassing.
Pretty good and inexpensive, especially if you're willing to share a bowl (they're more than big enough for two people).

The chicken gets VERY overcooked because of the heat of the soup. I'd suggest a different meat. I also love to add corn and an egg.
this place is no where close to anything you can get in la or oc. It taste liked it came out of the bag. plain and simple
I am not going to share my giant noodle soup bowl with anyone.
Nor am I going to share my Boba with anyone.  
 
Soup:  nice presentation, not too salty.  Not too hot, nor cold;  just right to dig in right away.  Pick your broth;  I'm a salt o holic, and even then, I added more salt and spice to my broth, so sue me and pass me the hypertensive pill.
 
Gyoza:  could eat more;  please give more.  
 
Boba pearls:  nice chewy consistency;  not overdone or underdone.  No aspiration pnemonia here;  could be a bit colder in temp, but that's probably because I waited to drink it after I ate the bowl of ramen.  
 
Beggars can't be choosers;  the Ramen here is decent.  It's better than the 49 cent kind (inflation you know) and far worse than the noodle houses in Japan--what do you expect, it's the DESERT for heaven's sake.  
 
For college kids:  what a great intro to far east staple food.
It was good. Very clean place, with decent service and okay prices. I had the signature Republic Ramen. It was good, but I added some spice to it. My wife and stepson enjoyed theres more than I did mine. Portions are a good size. 

I don't know, I thought it was good, but not great. There is nothing wrong with the place, but I doubt I will come here very often. Give it a try, by all means, but don't expect something spectacular.
It was our first time so I asked the blonde at the counter what was good.  She said she didn't know since she doesn't eat the food. Um. Ok.  

I ended up ordering the miso ramen, which a huge mistake.  It was so salty and just had a really weird taste to it.  I couldn't even finish it.

The husband tried the tonkotsu ramen with beef which he enjoyed. Our friend came late and ordered the same thing but the blonde said, "we're out of beef."  So then my friend said, "is the chicken or charsiu better then?"  Her answer, "That's all we have...is chicken or charsiu left."  Um. ok. 

Though my food experience was not the best, my husband enjoyed his, and I'd like to  come back if we're ever on that side of town again to try the tonkotsu or the udon.  I'm willing to give it another try.

But they need a better hostess at the front because she was absolutely clueless.
Pretty good! Had the basic udon. Reasonably priced, tasty food and the resturant is pretty cool. 4 stars because it didn't blow my socks off
Grew up on Ramen, Udon & Soba.  So, saw the ad for this place; really wanted to try.  Ramen was very good; the broth was very flavorful.  Wish the Char chiu was more authentic to my JA taste.  My roommate tried the Soba; it was excellent.  Will be back to try the udon or the soba.  They need to have oshinko or tsukemeno as a side dish.  Maybe I'll bring my own next time...LOL
I'd been eating here for over a year, but recently something has changed.  I still like it, but it isn't the meal that has drawn me to eat there as often as I had been before.
4th star goes for all the boba you get!! Being a boba milk tea fan, I was delighted when I discovered they added more amount in this place.

This is like having pho, but Japanese style. Fast service, good portions and tasty.
Used to be so good! We loved this place. We ate there weekly at least once, but frequently more than that. We were regulars. Only place we found that was better was on the beach in Hawaii and that was half because of the view. But they recently their kitchen staff walked out and they haven't recovered. The broth is now too onion-y and the meat is really dry. I mean REALLY DRY! It had been sooo good but just not any more. Management really needs to think about how they are handling things.
You order with a grouch blonde college girl using an ipad2 but they cant afford to actually put toppings on your ramen. 
Bull. 
I will go until someone recommends better ramen places in Phoenix. I'm from San Francisco (Can make that bold?) don't give me this oily tonkatsu with 2 measly pieces of thinly sliced cold  tough pork. 
In all fairness, its not bad ramen, but this isn't how it is supposed to be done.  
The product should match the photos on the website at the least... It does not.
This place was good. The Republic Ramen dish was good and spicy. Straight to the point menu. Everyone said the Boba is good but I didn't get a chance to try it.  The smell in there kind of put me off but my Husband didn't think anything of it.  If you look close at things inside...things look really thrown together. Lots of cover ups and patches on the walls. I suppose that doesn't affect the food.  Id go back... the noodles were awesome...
Finally I tried their noodle soups, and the taste of broth is good, the amount of noodles overwhelming and more veggies than a pho. HOWEVER, I was able to count the pieces of meat...TWO! 

No wonder why students go here, I guess they don't realize the difference. The boba thing...It seems that first time I was just lucky!.
Found my BOBA spot!

They have Snow, Slush & Tea options. The are generous with the tapioca balls inside.

The staff is very knowledgeable too about Boba flavors and combinations.

Average price around $3.50.
Where to start...

I used to like this place a lot and I came here often. Not sure if they changed management, but the place no longer has coupons anywhere so it's extremely overpriced. Don't be fooled by the $2 gyoza dumplings; they're the size of a quarter and there's only 3. Also, if the girl asks you if you want garlic, say no because she doesn't tell you that it's 50 cents extra and you'll never taste the difference. 

The flavor of the broth is good, decent portion sizes. It's better to order without meat, because I've tried all their meats and they're all pretty terrible, dry, and tough. Their chicken is actually kind of gross. Even though ramen is supposed to have a lot of toppings, only order toppings if you want to spend over 10 dollars for a bowl of noodles because each one is about $1, and they're not very good and in small portions.

Their tempura is pretty good and the best deal on the menu is the udon with tempura. Their boba is pretty good for Arizona.

However, I have some issues with their customer service, the last two times I've been they've over charged me by adding things like eggs that I didn't want and then would not take it off my charge. Their staff is pretty rude in general, so I probably won't go back because I seriously value an overall experience.

A little disappointing because it is in a great location and there aren't many ramen places around.
For Arizona- 4 stars, 3 stars if compared to L.A.

My b.f.f., seriously I've known her since I was 5, wanted to show me this place. She knows I love ramen and warned me ahead of time that it wasn't L.A. standards. We walked in for lunch right when they opened. She ordered me a tonkatsu ramen with spam.

One of her two friends that had joined us said, "really, spam?" "Um.... yeah, you know, the canned meat? There's even spam rolls in Hawaii, musubi. Did I just blow your mind?

The boys were talking about chess and I mentioned I was in a chess club in elementary school. They both looked up startled and Jenni started laughing and said, "Yeah, she's a big nerd and I used to balance her out, but I lost control over this when she moved to LA". Now she does things like book clubs and Yelp. 

I endured what seemed like endless questioning on all things Yelp. "What do you do on Yelp? Will you be reviewing our house later? Can we find you on Yelp and leave comments?" 
Ah.... Arizona...... need I say more?

So back to my ramen, definitely not traditional, average noodles, and broth lacked depth. They did get the saltiness right and overall the taste was decent. I liked their space- clean, high ceilings, big windows, and modern decor. Worth a revisit when I'm in the desert and have 400+ miles between me and LA ramen.
The shoyu broth ramen was fantastic. This totally hit the spot. I'll definitely be going back frequently in the near future.
New favorite lunch spot. An unbelievable amount of food at a reasonable price. I have lived in Japan and I can honestly say this is the real deal. It is delicious and authentic. You don't really need to know any more. Just go.
What an abomination! For soup noodles its pretty decent but please don't advertise it as ramen. Its more like instant ramen that you can get for 75 cents with tiny bits of meat that you end up paying 8 dollars for. If I can make it better at home then we have a problem...
Add instant ramen, add a slice of beef, commercialize it as hip, sell for 8 dollars = Satanism. No Thank You Republic Ramen, No Thank You and Never Again.
This place is the only thing I can eat if I am hungover or a cold.  Wish there were more places like it
After getting a massage (and propositioned by two naked Asian "massage therapists")

(Oh no I din't!!!)

~just massage my feet please~

I headed over here to try the veggie Ramen, and I have to say it was very tasty.

Almost as tasty as the intoxicating blonde who took my order.

Too bad she wasn't on the dessert menu.

All in all, a happy ending for sure.
I thought that I could only get some good noodles here on the East Coast but boy was I wrong! I cant stop thinking about how good it was. Next time I am in town, Im heading straight there!
I am an avid ramen noodle lover. The options were fantastic. I ordered the Chili Pepper Ramen "traditional style" and added an egg and off the menu spicy. Very few restaurants are willing to really make a dish spicy. I typically order this way at Thai restaurants and only 1 out of 5 of my favorite places has produced a dish that needed no extra spice. Republic ramen came through in the spice department. The tofu was not too squishy or soggy - just right and the veggies were not over cooked.  My bf had the Shoyu Ramen - original style - great flavor - no extra spice. We also had the seaweed salad which was also one of the best we've had. The seaweed flavor was not too strong. Finally, we had boba tea's - traditional black tea flavor. They were good, the flavor/consistency was not the best we've had - seemed a bit watered down, but would probably still stop by and grab one if we were in the area.
I'm not a fair judge of Republic Ramen. 

I have had amazing ramen too many times now and when I go to a shop specializing in ramen, if it's not pretty great, then I can't help but hate it. They have "tonkotsu ramen" on the menu too so that alone sets expectations.

I ordered the "tonkotsu ramen" and hated it. Broth was weak with no depth of flavor. Noodles had no chew. As much as I hoped to love it, I was completely let down.

To be fair, I don't believe there is any decent tonkotsu ramen in Arizona. 

I just don't see why this shouldn't be a concept that can be executed adequately here. For me, with the ramen I've had and love, it definitely wasn't.

Again, I'm not a fair judge of ramen. I'm mean and nasty about it. It's like sushi or uni. Once you elevate your expectations by having the stellar stuff, the mediocre doesn't cut it anymore. 

And where I can eat American style sushi when I adjust my expectations (happy for crunch rolls and California rolls), can't do it for ramen.

If you're not passionate about ramen though, it's fine to ignore me. If you don't have amazing authentic ramen to hold it up to, it's probably fine.
The noodles were the best and ginger honey green tea nice a sweetened to perfection. A great place to go on those nights you don't feel like cooking and a good healthy serving filled w fresh veggies. A kid friendly place too
Who knew Ramen could be so much fun? I came here for the first time last night with John C, and I absolutely loved it!  Both of us had not been feeling well lately, and he suggested we come here to self medicate and that the food was awesome.  I loved it!  

I really like how this place is decorated.  It feels comfortable, with benches and chairs, plenty of seating and a fair amount of room to move in.  No blasting music, very relaxing, but it feels clean and nice.

Anyways, I have never been here before, so in between my friend and the girl behind the counter, I was able to figure out what it was I wanted.  They have a ton of options, from meatless dishes, to stuff with chicken, pork, and even alcohol options to drink as well.   I went with a vegetable clear broth with chicken chunks, and my friend ordered a vegatarian thing since he doesn't eat meat.  They answered all my questions and gave me a lot of options to choose from.  Staff here is patient, and seems to not only know their menu, but take the time to answer questions to make sure your happy with what you order.

The food came out in a HUGE bowl.  It's like eating a hearty bowl of soup, with tons of good stuff in it.  I got through about half, and was STUFFED.  my friend ate about three quarters, and was stuffed as well.  We both have leftovers!  Total bill with drinks was about $20.  love it! I can eat a hearty meal, with left overs and not break the bank!

Will be back in the future, weather its just for dinner, or drinks as well.  Go here and try this place!
While the different soup bases are somewhat tasty, the ramen at the Republic as a whole did not impress. First it is not authentic at all in taste or ingredients. It seemed like they were serving us Pho, with uncooked pork thrown into this hot bath of broth left to cook. If serving pork, definitely should cook it first before throwing it into a bowl of broth to serve. It is not pork belly like most ramen places serve, its thinly cut pork with lots of fat on it. Not at all appealing to eat, very much to look at. Serving portions are large, but mainly just noodles. Vegetables that were added seemed like an after thought. 

It is unfortunate that Republic missed the mark. With so few quality asian places in the Valley, was hoping for them to step up. If you have never had ramen it may be a nice change of pace for the taste buds. But if you ever had a decent bowl of ramen, then it is unlikely you will return.
Republic Ramen (or as I tend to say - Ramen Republic) is a great little place if you're looking for a huge serving of fantastic food for decently cheap. The staff is very friendly, and your food is prepared to exactly how you want. They've got a pretty great variety of soups and add ins, and lots of neat drinks too. I frequently come here with a large group of my friends, and they're always happy to serve us, which is a nice change of pace from restaurants that groan at large groups. 
Overall, great little place with a fun, relaxed atmosphere. A definite visit is needed if you're in the area.
Awesome if you like ramen...even awesomer if you like boba tea!!!
I like Republic Ramen. It's a pretty good bwl of soup. I didn't say great, but it's pretty good. The noodles seem a little on the chewy side, but in general I enjoy it. Lot's of broth - not too much of the other ingredients.
  The facility is pretty good - comfortable and not cramped.
Only ate here once; got the lightest ramen (chicken base?) with chicken cubes.  So tasty!  OK, so the noodles aren't homemade (hence the lack of 5th star) but was impressed with the takeout packaging.  The broth was kept separate from the noodles/veg/meat so I could combine them at home.  Huge portion, had enough for leftovers the next day.  The Bobo wasn't sweet enough for my liking, but I can ask for sugar next time.  I was also glad to find another Bobo joint.  I'm so going to be back!
First I will admit to not being a very impartial critic here-I absolutely adore a good bowl of ramen.  Although I've not been to Japan I've been fortunate enough to visit some outstanding ramen houses in Seattle, Honolulu, Los Angeles, Chicago, and San Jose.
While I think this is probably some of the better ramen I've had in Arizona, unfortunately that's not really saying much.  It was okay, not great.
I ordered the miso ramen with chashu hoping against hope that I'd have a reasonable facsimilie to Santouka's spicy miso available in the Mitsuwa stores around the country-drool.....  The noodles were decent, though I wish there was more of them.  The broth was not very miso-y and lacked the depth that really makes the ramen bowl.  The chashu was really the weak point, sliced thin pork with no real discernable chashu quality.  The accompanying vegetables were fine although I wouldn't say it's what I'm used to/looking for.
In short I'd say this is Americanized ramen-and no, not the cheap junk from the package but suited more for an American palate instead of leaning toward authenticity.  No fish cake or bamboo shoots, none of the cloudy unctuous broth, no pork belly chashu.
The place looks great and the staff is great, I wouldn't dismiss it but Republic doesn't get a fervent recommendation either.
I knew this place had the best ramen in AZ, but yesterday I tried their curry with chicken. It's a killer! Great curry, big chunks of chicken all resting on a volcano of rice. Enough for 3 meals and the best I've had. Serving in a huge black stoneware bowl makes this scrumptious dish look like a volcanic island in a sea of mild Japanese curry.
Perhaps I expected too much of "real" ramen. Perhaps this place does not have said "real" ramen. Or perhaps I just got the wrong flavor, or I'm uncultured in the field of Japanese noodles. Maybe one of these reasons, but from what I tried, I am not a fan.

I either got Shoyu or Shio Ramen, traditional style.
"Meh. I've experience better." fits my rating of this place perfectly.
I set my bar at instant noodles. Granted not all instant noodles are ramen, I put the bar there.
I had high hopes for this place. I went with some friends and and was sadly disappointed. We ordered a variety of bowls and I had the chance to taste a few of the bowls.
This place is very inconsistent from the reviews I read. Some people say they were bland but I found the soups to be too salty and the high dosage of MSG didn't help with my thirst. When I say high dosage, I'm sure the person who added the MSG doesn't realize that it causes thirst and can make a person's tongue numb. I was drinking cups of water for the rest of the night and couldn't get enough.
The menu is pretty interesting as well. Not too many traditional items.
The atmosphere was nice and clean and the service was polite and helpful.

Over all the restaurant is pleasant but the food is simply not that great.
I had:
- Tonkatsu Ramen
- Shoyu Ramen
- Sapporo Ramen.
Quick Note:
If you are looking for a upscale "instant noodle", then this is the place. I should add the ramen served is not really instant noodle, but closely resembles one. If you are looking for a true ramen place, this is not it and if you are a purist-who-complains-a-LOT, stay away! I recommend it to most otherwise.

The Food:
Fortunately, the range of additional toppings is pretty good, but every little bit adds up. The total for my order of Spicy Ramen +Egg +Chashu +Vege Paste +Garlic Paste +Chili Paste and a regular drink adds up to $17.27!!!

The soup is what resembles instant noodle the most. It taste like plenty of MSG in it, but is so delicious, I finished it anyways. 

The Place:
The place looks even more spacious due to it's open design. Definitely a hipster vs foodie place. There is a bar/restaurant combo on one side and a regular restaurant on the other side.

Da Service:
This place is pretty much self-service except when they bring the food to you. You order it at the counter. They give you a placard on a holder with a number for delivery to table. Condiments and utensils are near the soda machine.

Ultimately: 
Not too bad. Not excellent. A good place for students, which seems like the bulk of their customers anyways. Unless you are overly critical over ramen, add this place to the list of backup restaurants especially on a cold day (but this is AZland!).
NOT A FAN- FOOD WAS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT. 

you are better off making ramen at home and saving money.. 
 the happy hour is they thing that made us stay and eat but even so, never again.
I'm not a ramen connoisseur or anything, so maybe I'm not the best person to judge the quality of what these guys are serving. What I can say though is that it's pretty darn good, the price is right, and the portions are huge. I'm also a big fan of the service here. If you're not picky and just want something good and different, it's definitely worth the trip.
Outside of Japan, this is some amazing ramen. The price isn't too bad either. The portions are huge. I can't ever finish an entire bowl. Also in the same building is a nice little tea and boba (spelling?) bar. It's all really yummy! You won't be dissapointed!
I visited Republic Ramen after getting a coupon at the Phoenix Comic Con. I was floored by the how many choices they offered in Ramen, most shops just have 3-4 options and absolutely nothing other than pork for the protein. I had the vegetarian Ramen with tofu and it was good- lots of delicious and fresh veggies- purple cabbage, chopped scallions, carrots, bean sprouts, and spinach. They have a tupperware of those wonderful red spices (I'm really not sure what they are but I love adding them to my Ramen) by the soda machine in the main dining area. Adding that to the Ramen you're able to control how much spice and how hot you want your noodles.

I am also very impressed by the beverage selection. They carry both Ashai and Ashai Black, a harder to find dark beer by Ashai, a Japanese brewery. Also they have OB a nice light Korean beer (technically a pale ale). I also sampled a boba tea for desert, their Taro is not the best I have had but it was still pretty darn good. All in all this was a solidly 4-star experience.
I would give less stars if I could. Came here several times and seemed okay, but in the last two trips I have found hair and a sharp piece of metal (I was told was from a cleaning bristle - yuck!) in my ramen. Totally grossed out and terrified of how much it would hurt to ingest metal like that. Never returning and advise that they are seriously looked into by the health department. Even more aggravating, the lady just said "sorry guys" to the last problem with our order - no refund. Horrible place.
In reality more like a 3.5 stars. I've been by this place many times and I was finally able to give it a go. Rather than ramble on about ambiance, the service, the location I'll cut right to what matters: the food. I'm a vegetarian and as such I accept that my dining options are not as vast as those with unrestricted diets. However, Asian cuisine is generally very veg friendly and as such I dine at Asian restaurants probably more than any other type of restaurant. Unfortunately, Republic Ramen falls a touch short of what I'd call "Veg Friendly". The only option you'll have is the Vegetarian Ramen, which is OK because that is what I came in there for. And while the ramen was good (very rich, salty and tons of toppings) one dining option is not enough to make me a regular. It would be nice to try, say some udon noodles or an appetizer that isn't edamame.

Again, the ramen is good. And the price is fair. But would it really be so bad to leave the fish sauce out of a dish or two? Or to try using a vegetarian dashi instead of a fish-based dashi?
Made the trek from Glendale to Tempe to try this place with friends after seeing the booth at Phoenix Comic Con. This just cemented my feeling that all of the cool and interesting restaurants are in the East Valley.

I ordered the tunkatsu ramen (sorry about the spelling) with beef and hubby ordered the spicy ramen with beef. I liked that there were lots of choices for broths and two different options for vegetables. The bowls of soup were HUGE- everyone ended up with enough left over for another meal. The broths were rich and salty, and definitely tasted like they had been simmered all day. The veggies were abundant and fresh and I felt like there were plenty of noodles although our friend disagreed. I would really have preferred that they cut up the pork in my soup- it was literally in large slices and was awkward to eat. Our friend had his soup with chicken and said it was diced, which makes much more sense. 

Friends ordered the shrimp tempura and were pretty disappointed to find out that for $4 they got three pieces of shrimp and one onion ring, especially since the soups were so generous. They did say it tasted good, but that's still a pretty skimpy tempura for $4.

Prices were fair for the amount of food, at least for the soups. I wouldn't order the tempura again at that price. Part of me wants to say that since ramen is supposed to be cheap street food they could cut the price of everything by a dollar or so but then again, we all took home enough for another meal.

Oh, and although you order your food and pay at the counter, they bring it to you at your table and clear plates when you are finished. We tipped thinking that the restaurant wasn't full service and then felt bad afterwards. There is a cash tip jar at the counter if you make the same mistake though.
My husband and I saw this place about a year ago and wanted to try it but since we live in the North Valley its not often we are in the east valley together. We went with some friends and it was ..ok. It wasn't fantastic, the portions on soup were generous, but the Shrimp tempura was 3 pieces for 4.00. It was good though. Maybe I expected too much? For advertising that it was a real ramen place I expected to leave that think to myself I have to go back there!

Good service though. The girl behind the counter was knowledgeable, and the food came out fast and hot.

Certainly better then your pre-packaged 50cent Ramen you get from the store but I am not sure I would decide to spend my money here again when there are so many different places that are yummier.
We passed this place years ago and have been saying we've wanted to try it for so long but being so far away from us it has been difficult. But after getting a coupon at Phoenix Comic Con we bit the bullet and made the drive.

I have been wanting to try authentic Ramen for a very long time. And I will say the food was impressive, it tasted great, although I wish it were a little heavier on the noodles. 

What I wasn't impressed with though was the price. A bowl of Ramen in Japan is like getting a hotdog from a street vendor in New York, it is supposed to be quick and inexpensive, and while I understand that it is a niche kind of dish here, I don't think $10+ for a bowl of soup and a drink is a very good value. We ordered an appetizer of Tempura shrimp too, $4 gets you three shrimp and a single onion ring. That actually kind of pissed me off.

The staff was friendly and the service was good and quick. I am happy for the experience, but I probably won't be back anytime soon unless I'm with someone that is really jonesing for some real-deal Ramen.
First, a public service announcement...

TONKOTSU = Pork bone. Broth that is used as a ramen soup base.
TONKATSU = Pork cutlet (breaded in panko). Something you eat over rice.

Thank you. We now return to our regular opinionated review... 

  So you just saw Tanpopo or Ramen Girl and wanted to try some
ramen from a place that specializes in ramen to see what all the
fuss was really about. You come into this place, order a bowl of
miso ramen and patiently await your meal. When the girl brings
your ramen you close your eyes and imagine yourself in some quaint
ramen shop somewhere in Japan - bullet train in the distance, 
enka playing from the shop's speakers. You put the ramen broth
to your lips and....

PPPPPPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!

almost spit it all back into the bowl. Instantly you're back in Tempe
- light rail in the distance, alternative rock blasting from the
speakers. The broth has not a molecule of miso flavor that your
tongue can detect. Hell, Maruchan and Top Ramen have more flavor
in their "flavor packets" than this sorry excuse for a broth.

  Anyway, that's sorta what happened to me more or less. Came in 
with rather high expectations and had them shattered the moment
I tasted the broth. Umm... did I order the Shoyu Ramen by accident
I wondered? If so, MISO SILLY! If I did, though, there should be 
a stronger shoyu flavor. The noodles themselves tasted ok. There 
were some slices of char siu and they were passable - meaning they 
actually had a flavor that resembles char siu. But still, this  
place wouldn't even cut it as a hospital cafe in a bad part of Tokyo.
Reading some of the other reviews, however, I guess it can cut it 
in a strip mall in Tempe on the south side of East University Drive. 
  
  I'd actually been here once before a while back and don't even
remember what I ordered - it was that good. So I came back a second
time just to make sure.

Fool Me Once, Shame On You.
Fool Me Twice, MISO STUPID!

  So I'm still hoping for a real ramen place to open up in the valley
someday. Yeah, sure, some Japanese restaurants have ramen on their menu. 
I mean an actual ramen shop that just serves ramen. Maybe yakisoba and 
udon as well but primarily ramen. One can dream, right?
I can't get enough of this place. My boyfriend and I used to happily make the trek all the way from North Phoenix on a regular basis and have never been let down!

Whenever I go out to eat in Tempe, specifically close to ASU, I expect half-ass service. I expect there to be hungover waitresses and hostesses texting when I walk up because in the past that's what I've come across. Though there are college students working at Republic Ramen, they have always been extremely helpful and have given us fantastic customer service despite the fact sometimes there's only one cashier/server at a time (usually during work hours on weekdays).

What do I love most about the food at Repulic Ramen? The variety. There are several broth choices and they are happy to switch meat out for tofu. And the bowls are packed with tons of fresh veggies. I've seen a couple of complaints on here about the broth being bland - but I've never personally had that issue. Then again, I had a sh*t ton of Sriracha because it makes already phenomenal food taste THAT much better. Anyway, the bowls are huge. My boyfriend and I share one every time. And just in case we're hungrier than we thought, we always order a side of edamame or veggie tempura (if you go during happy hour it's like $1).

But my favorite FAVORITE part of RR is their boba. On the other side of the dining room is a little cafe where they serve boba, sake, coffee, etc. I've lived in North Phoenix and now I live near Central Phoenix and boba is pretty hard to come by in those parts. I'd have to drive to Chandler or the West Valley and that just won't ever happen. I almost always order thai tea milk tea w/ boba but sometimes venture out and get a peanut butter & chocolate snow (creamy slushy) and my boyfriend likes to mix fruity flavors - they have a lot of options and you can mix any of them. Their boba pearls are always soft and they are generous with the amount they put in. I don't know about you, but I hate when I eat all the boba before I'm finished with the liquid. In this case, sometimes I find myself just eating boba pearls because I've already drank all the tea.

All in all, this is probably my favorite restaurant. Does it feel like you're sitting down somewhere in Japan? No. It's definitely Tempe. It's very open and modern. But who cares because it's delicious. Fantastic food, friendly staff, clean bathrooms/tables/everything, lots of seating, and of course, boba!
Best hangover meal I can think of is a streaming bowl of spicy ramen from Republic.
I've been here once and thought it was so-so. I'm not sure how often I would be running back to eat here but I did leave with leftovers because this place gives you an ENORMOUS bowl of food! I also tried the thai boba tea, which I didn't love. If I'm in the area, I'd much rather check out four peaks (which is a block away) rather than this place, just sayin.
This 5 star rating is mostly for their boba! They are cool about how many flavors I put into my boba (usually about 4!) unlike other boba shops that only allow like 2

Their ramen is pretty good and decently priced. However, I don't like coming to this place much ONLY because I don't like coming out smelling like an Asian restaurant.
If you're trying to decide on a place for ramen, and you've ever dined at Ippudo, Naruto, Minca, or Totto in NYC and thought they had good to fantastic ramen, you will NOT like Republic. 

I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen with pork (you get a choice of meat) and an egg, and a lychee green tea with boba. The ramen was not complex at all, and really just tasted like salt. And the noodles looked and felt and tasted packaged, sooo not worth the calories tasty at all! The pork was tough and chewy and not tender at all, and there were so many fatty bits that were inedible that I wish I had opted for tofu. I liked the spinach, which was out of place but flavorful.

The bubble tea was AWFUL for the first few sips, which alternated between bitter and chemical-sweet, but after I let it sit for 15 minutes it was better. The boba were a little too hard/dry on the inside, but it was towards the end of the day so maybe they were just sitting around for a while? Considering how hard it is to find boba around this town, I'm not complaining-I would go back and try another flavor, but I wouldn't have high expectations.

Look, if you want soup with noodles, this place will do. But if you want RAMEN, with rich, complex broth that isn't overly salty, with tender pork and handmade noodles, I would skip this place. With enough hot sauce, it was definitely edible, but it wasn't what I was craving (since I was craving ramen)...and so I am disappointed.
Too bland no flavor. They need to work on there soup base, because thats what makes the ramen. Just too bland, and I ordered the miso ramen, which tasted like water and shoyu. First and last time coming here.
I love this place! They have Boba and Pho style noodle soup! It's low calorie, filling and tastes so good! The staff is all super friendly and it's very chic and modern. I used to live down the street and pop in when I was feeling hungry. Theres a tanning center and a tattoo shop right next door too! It's on University near McClintock and if you know that area it's pretty good. Over all, wonderful!
This place is hands down the best place I have been to in AZ for ramen. I used to go to Hawaii quite a bit and I loved the Ramen Houses there. I will definitely be back!
If you really want flavorless, salty broth with flavorless vegetables and meats, this is the place for you. For some reason, everyone I know and their mother loves this place. I honestly do not understand the appeal. If you have ever been to a place like Wagamama, you know there is a right way and a wrong way to do a noodle soup restaurant. This is the wrong way. First, every single soup I have ordered there (and I've been more than 3 times) tasted the same. I could not remember what I had the times before I went, they were that unmemorable. The misconception that this place is healthy also is kind humorous to me. I'm sure I'm getting my weekly value of sodium every time I go there. 

I do have to mention, however, how great their squid salad, kimchee, and other small plates are. Whether they are from a jar or pre-prepared is another story, but regardless, they are good. The boba tea seems to be the thing to get here if you're not into ramen or just passing through. I'm not a connoisseur of boba teas so I will not pretend I know what I'm talking about with that, albeit I'm sure it's good.
PROS: Cashier was helpful and friendly, service was good, decent boba selection.
CONS: Place is dirty, both ramen & udon taste packaged with some fresh green onions and spinach thrown in for color, green tea tasted like potpourri.  

Will be on the lookout for a more authentic ramen house with better tasting soup for your money.
Not too pricey way to get a huge meal. I had the tonkotsu noodles and it was a little too salty, but otherwise, the meat was generous and the toppings fresh. One bowl could have easily fed two people, so I definitely had some leftovers!
This is a fun place.  It is a great place for a fast, cheap meal.  Is it truly authentic?  It is probably closer to being authentic to many places around the country. Wagamama-like?  Perhaps.  If you know how to order you will do okay here.  A great addition to restaurants in Tempe!
Man, if you live on campus and havent been to this place yet you are missing out. Very reasonable prices, especially considering how much you get for them.

I oredered the Shoyu ramen (traditional) for takeout. The actual restaurant looks very modern. Very clean, large, good for groups. The service was fast, and the staff was great. I got my food and was on my way. Unfortunately, there was some kind of leak in the container that my broth was in so it leaked all over my seat in my car. And when I got home and picked up the bag, the entire bottom fell out and there went my broth- everywhere. I was so sad! Until I took a chance and called Republic. I explained to them what happened and they had more broth ready for me when I got there, free of charge. So awesome.

As for the actual food, I wasnt so much a fan of the traditional ingredients. The broth and actual ramen were very good though.

Ill definitly be back, but Ill be ordering the "Original" ingredients.
This place has improved tremendously, the quality and flavor is much better than it had been, it tastes like when they first opened. The menu had also been expanded. For anyone who hasn't been I recommend you give it a try and anyone who had been put off by a prior visit, I suggest you give Republic another chance.. Maybe try something different this time. The tonkotsu was great with te addition of corn and an egg, and the Sopporo was pretty good too. To even out the review I will say I'm not sure why they decided they needed to shower the kimchi with scallions or why the seaweed salad was so sweet, not in a bad way, just different. they need to perfect their noodles a bit, but it won't stop me from coming back.  :)
The first time I went, they were horribly understaffed. No spoons, dirty tables all over the place, took at least 10+ minutes for the order, the experience was a mess. If I hadn't come back, it'd be a one-star easy.

Gave it another shot as it was the only place open at the time. Tried the miso ramen this time, but if it wasn't for the miso floating in the soup, I'd think it was normal shoyu broth. They did try to be creative with different veggies, but the baby spinach is not a great idea as it broke down quickly in the hot broth, which was still hot after a while, so a plus there. Maybe I've been spoiled by other ramen shops on the west coast, but I find this place forgettable. Well, the only thing I won't forget is not wanting to come back.
I give it four stars just cause I can't find any other place in the valley that specializes in ramen. I think it's worth the money, I'm usually filled to the brim by the time I'm done eating. Most ramen can be customized, you can choose what meat to add, you can also add fishcake, eggs, and extra vegetables. The basic ramen is loaded with vegetables anyway, so you don't have to drink a V8 later. 

The atmosphere is a little awkward though, the usual music being played is pretty obnoxious. Otherwise a fine establishment, nice staff, clean floors, tables, utensils, etc.
Great, fast service and a nice clean atmosphere for some pretty cheap prices. I generally get their (fancy and tasty!) iced tea and add the garlic and soy-soaked egg to my soups, which makes things closer to 10 bucks a head.

Not all of the broths are for everyone; I like the tonkatsu broth the most and don't really get the chili-oriented broths, but my wife's reasonably fond of those. The sapporo corn broth is really fun. There are lots of condiments for the soup: the togarashi chili powder's generally enough for me, but if you'd like your soup saltier/sesame-er, go for it.

The curry rice is surprisingly excellent, too! It's really hard to justify gettin' that when you're at a ramen house, though.

There's better ramen in the valley, but not with this price or the fun amount of options. The veggies are unique and fresh, and everyone's super friendly. It's a great place to warm your bones when it's cold or rainy outside.

Pro tip: eat most of the spinach before it cooks in your soup if you don't want it to alter your noodles' flavor.
For Asian that's a place for American, cause the menu is design for them.... But the food still taste good n the place is clean. If u r looking for American style Asian food try here!
It was a great bowl of noodles, and huge, too (the Republic Bowl or whatever it was called).  Odd that they cut the chicken into tiny cubes... try that with chopsticks!  But the meat was tender and the broth quite flavorful, and loaded with vegetables.  As some reviewers say, 'eh' -- this is not Tokyo, this is Tempe, Arizona.  Pleasant place to hang out although why does every place seem to think they need to suffuse every spare moment with soft rock music?  Good place to bring a group of friends for lunch, or sit by yourself and have a good nutritious feed.
Ramen was tasty and the sake flight (4 sake) was inexpensive. However, theAlmond Milk Tea with boba was horrid.
Let me just start by saying this place is really affordable, but unfortunately you really get what you pay for. The noodles are okay but all of the food including the udon and ramen are way too salty. The decor makes a nice attempt at being a hip modern spot but their fans are covered in dust and the seating is extremely uncomfortable. I was stoked when I saw the prices, but overall my experience was not great. I wouldn't return for the food or the ambiance.
I had to eat here at least once, and would eat here more often if it were in a more convenient location for me.  Have you ever wanted to try real ramen?  News flash -- the 99 cent packages of "ramen" at the grocery store is just about one of the worst things you can stick into you body and can hardly be called food at all.  If you feel insulted by this sentence, then I would not recommend Republic Ramen + Noodles, but if you were intrigued by my question, look up the address immediately.  Besides, and I haven't done extensive research on this, but I believe that instant ramen in Japan comes with the broth, which leads me to believe that they don't even have what we call "ramen" in Japan.  For those who are neither insulted nor intrigued, just keep in mind that you are ordering soup for your meal.  If that won't fill you up, consider an appetizer.  There are a variety of styles and ingredients that you must select from.  Naturally, I ordered naruto with my ramen.  The reason for this will be left unpublished.  All that is missing is counter side dining with privacy drapes.
After reading the reviews, I should have known better than to expect good ramen but I was still hopeful.  Sadly, I was disappointed.

I ordered the tonkotsu pork belly with an egg traditional style, as well as edamame and gyozas to share.  The appetizers were cooked well and the best part of the meal.  When the huge bowls were ready, I realized that they gave me the modern version of ramen instead of what I ordered.  The sulky girl behind the counter who took my order originally was not what I wanted to deal with again so I went with it.  There was no depth to the broth and the noodles were not ramen noodles as they were soft and kind of slimy.  The store bought packaged kind is better.  Where was the milky broth made rich and unctuous by hours upon hours of slowly simmered pork bones?  This was a poor introduction to ramen for my friend who never had it before.

I couldn't even eat half of it because it was not good and bland.  When we went to get to go containers since I hate to waste food, the same unhelpful girl asked why we needed two...really?
The ramen here is absolutely horrible. I still come here because of 2 things. My friends like it here and it's really the only ramen place in the Tempe.

Bottom line, this place is for people that had never experienced excellent ramen other than the package ramen at the store. This place just puts a lot of sodium in your broth and then gives you hot sauce too to cover up the bland taste. 

I have eaten ramen in Japan and California, and this place can't compare. But if YOU have never eaten authentic ramen bowls in Asia or California, then YOU may like this ramen. Oh... this place isn't even run by anyone that is Japanese. Contrary to what their shirts say, THEY DON"T KNOW RAMEN.

And the prices at actually kind of high for it's mediocre quality. If you are in AZ and want some authentic ramen, try Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe. They are not a ramen restaurant but they do serve a couple of different ramen bowls. You'll notice the drastic difference.
It's OKAY. The ramen noodles are the right blend of chewy and slurpee, but the broth and toppings leave much to be desired. The char siu is bland and fatty, the garlic seems like it came out of a jar, the naruto is too thin and flavorless, and the broth tastes like hot soy sauce water. Seriously, hot water with lots of soy sauce. The people who work here are nice enough but they always look like they'd rather be shaving with rusty disposable razors. The food came out way too slow and I felt the prices were too high for being what it is - peasant noodle soups. With that said, they have boba milk tea (YAY!) with chewy yum boba, and a great array of flavors. The got mega bonus points just for having kimchee. I'll probably be back, mostly because California is too far to travel for one bowl of Santouka. It's not terrible; I've just had better.
I love this place!! Every time I come back to Arizona I try to make sure and eat here at least once! Great ramen, the coconut boba is to die for and I love that you can go with traditional or more American style toppings on your ramen. Mmm I want it right now!
It's a weird thing:  The food here isn't good and since it's a ramen place, you get soooo much of it.  I hate wasting food, so I eat it all, and I'm forcing myself to eat this shit that's super bland and I'm like, "Man.... this sucks."  And it's hot so I'm sweating from that and just shoveling food I don't particularly enjoy into my mouth--not that it's gross, but because someone served it and went, "Shit!  I forgot to add anything to it to make it taste like stuff!  Oh, well.... too late now."
This is a neat little place really close to the ASU Tempe Campus. They have several types of modern style ramen. For those who are confused, this is not a place where they serve you instant ramen! This is homemade ramen noodles, good broths, and vegetables, meats, or eggs etc.

That being said, this place offers a variety of ramen broths as well as other dishes such as Japanese cury and udon. They also offer several appetizers you can find at many other places like gyoza and edamame. As a plus, this place also serves good quality boba and several different Japanese beers and sakes!

If you are from Japan, this is not the greatest ramen you will ever eat, more an American twist on Japanese ramen. But, for being so close to campus and being so reasonably priced, it's not bad. I find this is more of a comfort food kind of place.

The environment is casual, definitely geared towards the college students. There are some TVs that usually showcase some sporting event, and the music is upbeat. I go here with my friends all the time and the wait time to receive your food is pretty short, I would estimate ten minutes or less. Overall, I recommend it, it's pretty cheap, about $7 or $8, and I come back often.
I was surprised to find that this is a rather trendy and expensive ramen shop, rather than your classic hole in the wall ramen soup joint. There was a huge line and wait while we were there. The meals are ordered and paid for at the register and then a staff member will bring it to your table afterwards. Unfortunately, while this place is pretty and pricey, the cheap hole in the wall ramen that I've had was much better. The food here was pretty good, but between the line, wait, and price, I don't think I'll be coming back.
I've always been a fan of this place because it's just about the only place to get ramen in the valley, and their ramen is pretty tasty. But the last time I went there I ordered my standard republic broth with tofu, add hard boiled egg, and extra noodle, but also got a side of food poisoning. I know it was this place because other than here I had only had a small breakfast of toast and laughing cow cheese at home (which I eat every morning) that day. The following morning I woke up with all the symptoms of food poisoning, I still give them 3 stars because I have been eating here for years. I don't know what changed but I won't be going back anytime soon.
anything but ramen...
Get extra bowls or a to-go container you wil need them. 

HUGE portions which scores points for me always. The food is great too. No, it's not authentic, but if you're just looking for some feel-good food come here. Portions are huge which is why it costs a bit (up to nine bucks after tax) but their best item is actuallt their cheapest the plain udon at under seven bucks after tax. 

Their udon noodles are super thick you won't miss the meat. I have very Americanized tase buds I'll admit, but to me the broth is super tasty. I put in a cup of chili oil and it's bliss in a bowl. 

Also gets points for atmosphere very clean, for just a few dollarsmore than fast food it's actually a place you can enjoy sitting in and spending time.
Dear reviewers reading,
This place is too cute. Very trendy and laid back like as if you stepped into Scott Pilgrim movie very hipster. Sells a limit number of ramen noodles and soups, along with boba teas. With the price they charge you get a ton of anything, never a small portion, I was worried that I was going to get something little or not worth it but was I wrong. The bowls are HUGE HUGE HUGE and comes with a lot. Very delicious and fills one up easy. Really good service they always check on the people to make sure everything is going good in fact my friend accidentally raised her hand barely up and someone came running over to see if she needed anything. 

Down sides would be a tad bit pricey but you get a ton, limited seating if it's a full house it might go bad, little selection of boba teas.
I was passing by Tempe, AZ on my way back to California, and I was in the mood for some Ramen.  I searched in Yelp and the only one I could find is this place.  The place look clean and high tech, it looks impressive.  However, you can't judge a book by its cover.  I don't why they call their soup ramen apart from the noodle that they used.  It's so bland; well, if they were honest they should just call it noodles, and vegetables with soy sauce, but definitely don't call it Ramen because it is not.  If you ever tasted Ramen from Asia or if you visited Southern California, and had some Ramen, I would highly recommend that you stay away from this place.
Excellent hangout, feel like an ASU student again. Very authentic Japanese foods and the bobas and second to none!
Average ramen but is already enough for a near school ramen restaurant. The spicy oil and power are very good. I prefer the traditional style
Their Ramen was delicious!! An awesome thing for a rainy day!
They are a bit pricey but i really like the location and interior. They have good food and very friendly staff. I don't frequent too often but it's worth going to.
Wow!  So good.  I came here with Sarah A (aka Dr Sarah) to give it a try before it got too hot out eat soup and I loved it.  I got a simple traditional ramen bowl with tofu and ate up every last drop.  I understand its not authentic ramen but that's fine by me because it still tastes great.  After all, Taco Bell isn't authentic Mexican food and I like them too.  

I'm looking forward to fall just so I can come here and enjoy some more ramen.
Republic Ramen looks and sounds like a promising restaurant; unfortunately, my first bite told me otherwise.  While the food is not inedible, it definitely does NOT resemble traditional Japanese ramen.  I ordered an original milk tea boba & a bowl of tonkotsu ramen with pork.  The pork is nothing like the pork that comes with authentic ramen.  Instead, it was pale, tough, and flavorless.  The noodles and soup are fine but way less flavorful than I am used to from a restaurant advertising themselves as a ramen restaurant and not just a plain noodle house.  And the boba I ordered was VERY flavorless and watered down.  However, on the bright side, the boba pearls were the perfect texture and level of chewiness!
Perhaps I'm being harsh on literally the only ramen joint for maybe tens of miles, but this place is alright. The ramen is decent given the price. Given the taste, it's good but it's not great.

The tonkotsu broth has the characteristic richness and savory flavors, but it tasted a bit watery to me. The pork was excellent but the cuts were somewhat lean, missing the rich fattiness I had come to associate with meat in ramen. The veggies were solid and the noodles, most likely store bought, worked well in the dish. I'm a big fan of egg so I got the extra add on, but unfortunately it was cold and hard boiled, not sure if I would do it again.

If you're craving some Asian soup and want a change of pace from pho, Republic Ramen is good for that. It's a decent joint, but since I'm from an area saturated with ramen joints, I'm not sure if I'd come here alone. Would definitely recommend for parties trying something new.
I'll admit it, I don't know much about the kind of Ramen that doesn't come in a small dehydrated square with a silver seasoning packet, but I really, really liked my food here! 

The price seems a smidge high for what you are ordering, but we did get a crap-load of food for our money!  I ordered the traditional pork ramen and my husband got the spicier version with tofu and we both really liked our food.  Our daughter snacked on a bowl of soybeans and a strawberry icee boba drink and the occasional noodle she swiped from our bowls.  

The place is cute with a slight hipster, college kids vibe, which means my husband and I were wildly out of place with our messy haired toddler and our frazzled thirty-something parent look.  


(Okay, okay...forty-something.  You caught me.)

And being a crotchety old fart, I will also mention the only thing my husband and I didn't care for was the music blaring overhead, but that's okay since I don't suspect we are their primary demographic target, and our 1970's punk music probably won't go over too well with the hipster college set...amiright?  ;-)
One of my favorite restaurants in Tempe.  I have tried a couple of the ramens, but the Republic and chili pepper are my go-to favorites.  I usually order the ramen with traditional toppings, but both selections of toppings are great.  I also enjoy the good selection of bobas.  The prices are also pretty reasonable and if you are looking for ramen this is the place to try.
it makes me sad that pho is such a huge deal in az while there's barely any ramen shops at all. don't get me wrong-pho is awesome, but i LOVE ramen. so what's the deal, arizona? let's get some more ramen shops going! 

so that brings me to republic. if you've had ramen in japan and constantly crave it like i do, don't come here expecting any of that deliciousness-you will be sorely disappointed.  republic's ramen is totally mediocre, yet i keep coming back because it's the closest thing that i can get.  sad. 

it doesn't really matter what you order, all of the soups taste practically identical so i'd recommend going with the chili pepper ramen-it at least gives the super bland broth some zip. 

other than that, the place is cute, the employees are friendly, and they do have a good selection of drinks/boba.
Yeah... No! This place is seriously horrible. The whole set up is strange and the ramen is even stranger. I would rate this as the worst ramen shop I've ever been to. I've had ramen all over California and Japan... Why even call it ramen...
Truly, I've experienced better.

As other Yelpers have noted, I am sure this place has improved quite a bit since it first opened. What I found most off-putting from my first couple of visits, though, was the service! I sincerely value good service, and good service wasn't what my friends and I received at Republic Ramen.

To play devil's advocate, I usually do go to Republic Ramen with rather large groups of friends. I can see how this can get to be overwhelming, with 15+ hungry adults placing orders and demanding food right away. I just felt like some of the staff could have been nicer/less rude/more attentive?

The food was also...okay. I didn't think they were particularly memorable dishes in any way. Same goes for the boba tea shop next door (which is part of the same restaurant, I believe).

I might give Republic Ramen another shot--this is one of the closer ramen shops in my area, so I definitely want to give it anther go. I do hope the experience is more enjoyable this time around.
I absolutely love the food here. I've never tasted anything I don't 100% love. The Tokyo ramen with beef is my go to, but the Shoyu and Tonkotsu ramens are delicious as well. The location is great, and the hours aren't bad. I do kind of wish they were open a bit later, I think they'd do well with all the college kids in town!  My only downside to this place is the service. For the most part, you encounter rude, blank staring college kids who are counting down the minutes until their shifts are over. I've never had the pleasure of being greeted by someone friendly! I return for the food, but the service needs a serious improvement.
Great 1st time experience! Got the tempura shrimp soba noodle (added zucchini) w/ a side of kimchi. Delicious. Fast. Clean atmosphere. We'll def be back for more
Place was clean and had a modern look. Ordered the tonkatsu ramen with pork.  The ramen came in a large bowl with all the fixins (bean sprouts, green onions, carrots, and spinach) which I really did not care for. The broth was flavorful, the pork was tasty and plentiful, and the noodles were very good. Overall, very satisfied as I was craving ramen.  I would definitely come back.
About the only thing I can say about it is it's ramen. Got the chili pepper ramer, which adds a glop of Thai chili paste to their soy based broth. The chicken was quite bland, and diced very small which made picking up pieces with the chopsticks quite impossible. The result leaves you with spoonfuls of bland chicken in the end, not the best ending at all to a meh meal. I suppose peddling this to college students, who haven't developed keen taste buds yet but have the disposable cash to not have to suffice on a traditional student based ramen diet, this place works. The staff was friendly and the meals were delivered quickly, even for a well packed house and close to closing time.
I was seriously craving ramen so I found this place on Yelp and drove here after school. (Why aren't there any ramen places here?) I ordered the Republic Ramen and the food came out pretty quickly. It was around $8-9.
The place is cute, it was clean and bigger than I expected.

As soon as I tasted the broth, only one word popped up in my mind: bland. So I got up and got a bunch of sriracha, chili oil, and the chili pepper and poured them in, as I have done before with bland ramen. 

It wasn't as bad as some that I have tried, but definitely not as good as ramen you'd get in LA. I liked the spinach (I love spinach), but I wish they put more sprouts. The beef was not that great, it was kind of tough. The soup needed way more flavor and waay more spiciness. I got the Republic Ramen cause I thought it'd be kind of spicy (it says it has spicy exotic peppers in the description). The bowl was huge though and I couldn't finish it by myself, next time I'll make sure to share with a friend. Because I was starving and ramen was the only thing I was going to eat that day, I ate quite a bit of it. But if it was a normal day and I was in a normal mood, I honestly probably would have boxed it and given it to my brother or something lol.

I've honestly made better ramen at home (not the typical stuff in a bag, but decent ramen). Thankfully it's fall break and I can run to LA to get my ramen fix.
I didn't think I would like this place, because I had the idea in my head that paying for ramen at a restaurant was a waste of money. I mean, you can buy a packet of ramen for $0.25 and make it yourself at home and add your own fixings!  BUT I was wrong. it was totally worth it to pay for the ramen here. I loved their "traditional" toppings choice, very different than other noodle soups I've tried.  and they give you a LOT of food in one bowl - could easily take home  half for leftovers.

plus, the boba is good and tastes like it was made fresh that day, not hard and old like at some other places.  I'd come here again!
I'm not being harsh but this is not real ramen. The soup looks boring. Ajisen Ramen is average in California but if compares to this place, it would become gourmet ramen. ASU students could use this place for late night dinner instead of fast food or instant noodles though.
I've always enjoyed coming here because ramen is sooooo good
It is not the .10 cent bags you can make on your own... 
I must say that these are huge bowls and I recommend one bowl to two people. They are huge! My favorite is the Tonkotsu Ramen which is a pork flavored broth and I add pork meat. Ramen would be the perfect "sickness" meal or the perfect "hangover" meal. I love that they have chili powder and Sriracha that you can add into your bowl. I must say that I do not like the small water cups though, they are tiny. Other than that everything is wonderful and I hope you enjoy your bowl of ramen :)
this place isn't amazing but you get a huge bowl of ramen and it's decent. I got the republic ramen and it was kinda bland and loaded with green onions and spinach. I had to flavor my broth using the chili oil and spices. My boyfriend got the chili pepper ramen and his broth was pretty flavorful already and then adding the spices and chili oil just made it better. their boba was decent and we would probably come back but I would think pho would be my first pick before this.
I was craving for ramen before we fly back to Los Angeles. My husband found Republic Ramen through Yelp. I ordered the Republic Ramen with traditional toppings and tofu, my husband ordered the Tokyo Ramen with original toppings and beef. It was very good!!! Generous portions for the price and in big soup bowls. We come to AZ for fun and business several times a year so Republic is on our "must eat" list.
On the East side of ASU's sprawling csmpus, Republic Ramen + Noodles is the perfect spot to cure your Mill Ave. hang over. Or stop by any time for a taste of authentic ramen bowls.

Definitely a favorite of mine to bring out of towners to. They think they are headed to an authentic taco shack and end up in a trendy little ramen spot.
Love the miso ramen. Get the traditional toppings though. This place is pretty legit.
Another ramen joint trying to capitalize on the uber popular ramen craze. This place screams, "We're in the business to make money, not food!" The interior looks like a cobbled up mess, at least the boba serving side did. Speaking of which, why is this place attached to a boba store? 

The ramen here is mediocre at best. I have had much better ramen both in the East Coast (Ippudo, Totto, etc.) and the West Coast (Daikokuya, etc.) within the same price range. The tonkotsu ramen, which apparently is there best seller, did not have any depth in the broth. The noodles were bloated/somewhat soggy and there additional sides were just awful (ex. What should have been menma (fermented bamboo shoots) was just plain hard bamboo cut up). Lets not forget the char siu, which I guess to them is non-roasted thinly sliced pork similarly used in Korean bbq. 

In summary, yes this place is better than your $.10-$.25 bag of ramen, but $7-$8? I don't think so. I only came here since I frequent AZ for business and it was a chilly day which in turn made me crave something soupy. As a Japanese American, I searched for the perfect Japanese comfort food to fulfill my soup craving. Unfortunately, all I found was a mediocre noodle joint which falsely represented the traditional Japanese noodle soup dish.
We went with high expectations, but were disappointed in the flavor of the vegetarian bowl. The meal was presented nicely and the food looked fresh, but the broth had zero flavor even with the added garlic paste. The noodles were cooked properly as well, but flavor is critical.
I came here once before to grab a bowl of warm ramen for a sick friend, and only had their thai milk tea boba (which is really great). I came back last night with a group of friends and had their vegetarian broth ramen with zucchini and a boiled egg. For a (HUGE) bowl of ramen and a boba tea, the total was only $12. I had plenty of leftovers for today. Their broth selection is expansive (even if they only have one vegetarian option) and their add-on's aren't pricey. I'm no ramen expert, and just recently was introduced to it. I've tried ramen at one other local restaurant and I have to say that Republic Ramen is pretty great for the price.
I had to update this review and the reason I lowered the rating of it isn't due to the food, quality of food or anything like that. They lose 2 stars on the simple fact that for the past 5 times I've been there they f*** my order up. And what the f*** up isn't even a huge deal so I just can't wrap my head around why it keeps happening. 

I always order the Sapporo ramen. It's SUPPOSED TO come with butter and corn in it already. And then I just add all the extras to it. It's there, on the menu, clear as day that the Sapporo ramen SPECIFICALLY comes with butter and corn. So when I place my order I ask for the Sapporo ramen, add egg and naruto. EACH AND EVERY time I get my order and all the extras I asked for are in there...but no butter or corn. Who the hell is working back there in the kitchen to get it wrong EVERY...SINGLE...TIME?!?! Not every now and again...but EVERY SINGLE TIME...

I can bet you $50 right now...that I'll walk in there, order it...and it will be wrong. I can 1000% guarantee it will be wrong.

I know what a lot of people are saying..."What's the big deal? Just ask for butter and corn..." Which, yeah sure...I would (actually I have to anyway since they won't give it to me to begin with)...
But why should I HAVE to ask for something to be added to a soup that THEY put on the menu saying should already be in there?!?!? What ever happened to quality control??? Or can I safely assume that no one just gives a f***?

Here's an idea...just take it off the menu. You can't seem to get it right away...so save me the trouble of having to get angry about it later and just remove it off the menu.
Order at the counter, and they bring it to you.  Service is pretty fast.  They also sell a selection of Hawaiian and Japanese beers.

We really like the food here.  I recommend the Curry Rice, ask for a little extra curry.  Edamame is a great appetizer here.  The ramen also tends to be pretty good too.

There are always some seats available, and they have some patio seating too if the weather is nice.  

Great for a quick lunch or dinner!
Coming in from out of state and I was craving good ol' tonkotsu ramen.  Found this place on yelp.  I am going to try to be as constructive as possible.  So here goes it: I ordered a tonkotsu ramen and it did not hit the spot. Their broth needs flavor other than just salty. Where was the pork flavor?  The charsui pork needs to be simmered more to make it tender. Perhaps they can use some mushrooms, non-intrusive veggies and aromatics to wake up the flavor to make it a true charsui. Also work on a finishing sauce to add to the bowls of ramen shortly before serving. There's a good market out there for them.  I hope they can significantly improve on their products. Republic - that word sets high expectations.
Tried this place for the first time last night and it was Really good! Of course not as good as you get in Japan or like even Ippudo in NYC but it is the best I have found in AZ and defiantly fulfilled my ramen craving! Not sure why they got so many bad reviews? Maybe they have improved since first opening? Anyways I had the tonkatsu with traditional toppings and an egg. Pros- rich yummy porky broth, perfectly chewy noodles, bomb bamboo shoots and naruto! ( the little swirls make me so happy ) cons- pork could be more tender and the egg was NOT a proper ramen egg. It should have a soft medium yolk not a dry crumbly yolk. Overall though I was so happy with my big bowl of ramen! Very delicious! Costumer service was fine not wow but not bad. We will defiantly be going back!
When the weather here in AZ dipped, I thought something warm would be nice. Naturally ramen sounded like it would do the trick, so i gave this place a chance. 

I ordered the Sapporo Ramen (Sweet Butter corn in miso flavored broth) with original toppings & beef. The veggies were all good except for the carrots which were past their prime. While the soup was warm and flavor was so so, i just wasn't blown away by anything. The staff was not very pleasant and seemed annoyed by all my questions with their menu. 

This place is just okay, nothing really special or unique about it.
Oh hello, delicious!  

Craving a big ol' bowl of yummy ramen? Look no further than Republic Ramen + Noodles. 

Dude and I really enjoyed this place. Judging by the outside, you wouldn't expect to find this Tempe gem. 

You walk in, and order at the counter and someone brings your ramen out to you. Both fountain and alcoholic beverages available, and know there's a Boba shop in here as well. 

Clean, comfortable, open atmosphere with minimalist design with wooden benches and tables. 

I had the Chili Ramen with Beef, Traditional Toppings, 8/10 spiciness, and Dude had the Republic Ramen with Beef, also with Traditional Toppings. 

These bowls are HUGE and we could have easily shared one, but hey, lunch leftovers for work the next day. 

Plenty of kick from that spice, and the beef was not fatty at all. Thinly sliced and tender. The noodles were just right, not overcooked. 

I'm no ramen expert, but damn, this was yummy. 

So mad we overlooked this joint for so long. Will definitely be back, and dragging my ASU brother along for a nice free meal on the big sis!
This place is great for your ramen fix.  Nothing spectacular but the taste is right.  I recommend the fatty pork ramen, aka tonkatsu ramen.  The miso and Sapporo ramen were a bit saltier.
When I want a big bowl of comfort food and am in the east valley this is one of our favorites. The soups are great. And I don't have to do any work (I'm the cook in our house). Sometimes I just want a hearty bowl of pho or another Asian soup. And this place can kill that craving. And the prices are high but the portions are huge. I do think that some of the side dishes are a bit expensive for the portion size but the soups are great.
The best bowl of Ramen I've come across in the valley. I had Republic Ramen with Spam. I know, I know; Spam isn't exactly haute cuisine, but any restaurant willing to take a chance on it has earned my interest. I was not disappointed! It was excellent with Sriracha and their blended mix of peppery spices. I'd love to take some of the spice mix home to use in the kitchen! Top it off with the best Thai boba tea I've ever had, and you have a great late lunch/early dinner that leaves you wanting more. Can't wait to come back.
After hearing my friends talk about this place all the time I finally decided to give it a try a couple night ago, bad idea because it was pretty crowded! I checked the menu online and was unsure if I would even like it (Only ever had .10 ramen) I don't ever leave reviews but I was slightly surprised this place didn't have more positive feedback. I ordered the tonkatsu ramen which the cashier recommended it was pretty good  but the noodles were slightly overlooked. Loved the portions size tho! I do think they should put less broth, the noodle to broth ratio is off. Like the other reviewer wrote, I too thought it was weird there was a tip option for the workers BUT while waiting for my food I realized just how much the cashier does! They were all over the place doing so many things it was hard to even get a container for the rest of my ramen. I probably noticed all this since I've mostly worked in restaurants most my life and know how hectic it can be. Anyways, pretty good ramen! Will definitely be back again.
The girl and I first came here when we are feeling a case of the sniffles and were wanting to nip it in the bud without cooking a hot soup ourselves. we came here again a few weeks ago with a friend because we enjoyed it so much.

The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere with tables for parties of any size. The food itself comes in huge portions so come hungry or share it with someone. First time I got Republic Ramen with beef and traditional toppings. Word of warning if you're not a fan of seaweed ask them to remove it or stick to original toppings. Had a good spice to it and the toppings went very well with it. Seaweed was a bit strong but that's to be expected. Downside to the traditional toppings is that if you do have seaweed with it and end up taking any home, the seaweed tends to overpower the soup to the point I couldn't eat it. So take a lesson from me and share the traditional style one in house with someone.

The second time I came here I got the Republic Ramen with chicken and original toppings. The original toppings has a lot of tasty veggies and no seaweed so would have been fine to take home if I hadn't finished it off. Only disappointment was the cubes of chicken that was in it does not absorb any of the broth and doesn't appear to have been preseasoned so the chicken itself was a little bland. Otherwise it was a great combo as well. Would just recommend sticking with beef.

The bottom line: Great food, great prices, and great atmosphere. So next time you want some great soup or are a little under the weather and want a quick fix, definitely give Republic Ramen a try.
I wonder if they use ocean water as broth or salt is on sale. I ordered the miso ramen and the broth was so awfully salty that I couldn't finish. I added 2 pack of sugars and a cup of water but didn't help. They do give a large portion and their beef is pretty decent. Their honeydew boba is good too and the reason I give 2 stars.
Not with it
Delicious soup with lots of options at a great price, in a cute little shop.  

Super nice service - they split our soup into two bowls (the portions are huge, and we were going somewhere afterwards so we couldn't take home leftovers).  

My husband and I split a bowl of the vegetarian soup with additional corn (a really good add), and it was yummy, especially with some soy sauce and spice from their fixins area (they also have sesame oil, yum!).  We also had a little portion of edamame ($1 at Happy Hour).
Eh. The food is kind of bland and the staff wasn't very attentive. The only good thing there is boba tea which is probably the only reason I'll go back.
The ramen isn't amazing by any means, but it's pretty decent. Good fix to satisfy your ramen cravings!
Secretly I have been wanting to try Republic Ramen for many months, but the fact that I am not a soup person keep me from it, but after a little adventure with Ramen not too long ago, it left me craving for some more! So I thought what a perfect time to try Republic Ramen & Noodles, and I made my way there.

It was around 4:45 on a cool wed evening the place wasn't too busy, what I didn't realize was this was sort of a fast food type of place, as soon as you walk in you see the menu to order off of. After checking it out, I went with Chili Pepper Ramen, soy sauce based infused with Thai Chili pepper, bell pepper & roasted garlic and it comes with spinach, sprouts, scallions, carrots & your choice of pork, tofu, spam, chicken or beef. I went with beef, I placed my order then took my seat to wait for it! You can add other items to your ramen at a low price, but since this was my 1st time I just went with the items already included 

The soup came out, and I have to say it smelt soo good, and the flavor of the broth was good, but not spicy enough for me, but I added some sriracha and we were in business! I like that they use locally grown veggies and you can tell they are fresh, the spinach was perfect! Next time I will add more veggies to my ramen. The only thing that I didn't care for in the ramen was the beef itself, it was a thick slices of beef that was tough, like a tough roast, I didn't care for it, maybe next time I will just skip adding any type of meat at all, if I go back but it's a big bowl of ramen, and the broth was delish
Love the soup here, when I have a craving for Ramen I always come to this place and the boba tea is soooo good!
I have heard many great things about this place and of course, I went to tempe just to try it. The place itself is very nice and very close to ASU. However, I was very disappointed. I ordered the republic ramen- traditional topping and oh boy! It was not as good as I expected! The ramen size was excellent; however, the taste, the flavor was okay- I would say passable. Simply disappointing. 

I was also excited to try their boba drink and let me tell you, it was one of the worst I have tasted! I have tried many, many boba milk tea from different locations and restaurants and this one was one of the worst! Honestly, the only good thing that I had was the seaweed salad which was very good, but again, you can just go buy a seaweed salad done exactly the same way at the Asian supermarkets. Overall, not very impressed... at all! Probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
Awesome ramen! Flavorful broths and toppings. Noodles are great too. Love this place.
The customer service was terrible. When ordering, I told the cashier that this was my first time here and I knew of the restaurant from a flyer I read at work. I proceeded to ask the cashier what he would recommend. The cashier spoke in an extremely quiet voice , could barely hear him and he could not answer my question. As this was going on, I had noticed dirty tables all over the restaurant. Dirty dishes everywhere. I still continued with my order because the menu looked so delicious and I had planned on eating there for lunch and the place was busy. I ate outside because of all the empty dirty tables. It took 15 minutes , maybe a lil longer to be served my order. I wasn't even served , I actually had to go back to cashier and ask for my order. Honestly, the food was not worth all the poor customer service. I gave the restaurant a chance and I feel it was a waste of my time and money. I will never go back.
I love this place! Reminds me of my trip to Japan. I recommend the tonkatsu traditional style. If you haven't been and like Japanese food the definitely go!
The food wasn't bad...just not that good. 

Service was a little bad, I took my buddy here for ramen after his recent move back from Japan....and after having to ask a few times for stuff, and then them making some juice(?) close to wear we were sitting, in the bar, it was so loud we had to continuously stop our conversation until they stopped- we both decided never to come back. 

Such a shame...
Food=awesome
Ambiance=regular
Service=hit and miss (most employees are normal, but this time, cool guy taking order was as inviting as a rape van).
My stop here was at the request of my Son. Geeze the bowl I had was very bland and warm at best. The chicken was very tough and it tasted like they just threw it all together with tap water. I see why it might be popular for the students...inexpensive for the amount of food. But guys, there was no taste to it. My Sons also was bland. Now wonder there is so much Sriracha & dry spices around. But, it all needs to be cooked together in my opinion for flavor.
5 stars for the boba alone. I love their Thai milk tea! Lots of other flavors, but this is my favorite.
HEY YALL....boy oh boy am I glad against my best judgement of not feeling well am i glad that I left this hotel to come to this place Republic Ramen Noodles SWEET BABY JESUS...I ordered Tonkotsu Ramen added sweet corn and an order of tempura shrimp. I was very very tastee...The pork I added was not memorable,  but that was my focus either my main concern was the noodles( plentiful) and broth( hot & yummy )....When I go back later this week I will be ordering this again, but without meat nothing personal but when are we going up we ate Ramen all the time without meat it was just a bonus. Oh yea I had them to removed the bean sprouts and next time NO SPINACH. This is a must try anytime you come to Tempe, Arizona.
The ramen noodles are always soft and soggy.  If you know how to cook ramen, then you know this is a no-no.  The pork slices are top rate.  Excellent meat.  The fresh ingredients on the noodles are awesome as well.  3 star rating is because the broth sucked and the noodles suck.  I will try something other than ramen noodles here and hopefully it will be much better.
This time, I only ordered a boba milk tea, and I was completely underwhelmed. The tea itself tasted like my first attempt making my own milk tea when I was in middle school; I had to concentrate extremely hard to discern the faint tea flavor.

However, the boba's texture was definitely on point.
I ordered the Shio Ramen and it was delicious! Although it was a tad salty for my taste. But it's a great price for the amount you get of soup. Definitely a unique place!
Visited a boy at ASU, and he recommended this place. I wasn't disappointing, this place was awesome! I tried the Vegetarian Ramen, and it was meatless, and wonderful. Much like me after my cleanse. 

I would totally go there again.. I guess it depends on if I see this boy again. :)
Great food!!! And the service was pretty good to. We were shocked at how good the broth was. We will for sure be going back.
Not a very good experience.  Wanted to like this place but it was very disappointing.   Long line and understaffed.   Ordered Ice tea, was very watery and tasted like tap water , plus  had no ice in the machine. Had to ask twice for them to refill the ice.    Overall poorly managed restaurant. Ramen was mediocre.  If you have a choice,  go to Umami, it is a night and day difference in quality and service.
I had the Republic Ramen with original toppings and tofu. The broth was my favorite part because it had just the right amount of heat. I really enjoyed the ramen just beware that the portions are huge! I also got the mango snow boba. It was a little too sweet for my taste but still very delicious. The food came really fast, went here at around 7 pm.
I have visited Republic of Ramen a second time, I was told by a friend that there was a change in management and that the overall food quality has improved. However, she is greatly mistaken.

The last time I visited, I found my tongue to be numb after the experience, I thought it was excessive use of MSG. This time, I realized, that might not have been the only case. The broth is so salty I couldn't taste the nuances of the dashi stock, if that's the stock they use. I tried adding two cups of water into the broth to dilute it out to figure out what was in the broth, but it was still too salty.

I ordered:
Shoyu Ramen (traditional) chicken with extra egg, noodles, extra chicken and extra pork
Shio Ramen (traditional) beef
Tip: 15% 
Bill: $19.47 + tip = $22.39


To say that this place is salty would be incorrect. This place uses a 'dangerous' amount of salt in my opinion. Some people say that ramen should be slurped. Well I didn't slurp the ramen, but my lips felt like a layer had been removed/dried and cured after the meal. I thought I was the only one, my companion agreed with me as well, and she uses a shoot load of salt in her cooking.

All in all, there isn't much to comment about this place, it's 'Asian Hip' in ambiance, it had a friendly sort of staff, the sake is from a box and the ramen is salty as hell (I never use hell but it deserves it here). Oh did I add, we both got food poisoning even though they received a mark of A on cleanliness?
This place is awesome! Really tasty! The republic ramen is the best! I used to live in Japan and this is the closest thing to real Japanese ramen I have been able to get to the real thing since returning to the states.
OK so let me start off by saying this place is called Republic RAMEN+NOODLES. Their soups are out of this world, I have yet to have every single one, but coming close. They are good for what they are known for their FOOD. Me and my boyfriend keep on going back because they are so good.

Now Milk Teas: The place is not called anything close to resembling milk teas. They are not the best that I have tasted, but that's not why I'm going there for. I'm there for the FOOD :)
I love this place great ramen my favorite is the republic it's a little spicy but that's what I like about it. It's not to hot or spicy just right. The other ramen are pretty good too!
The environment is really relaxing not to loud or crowded.
I always crave this place and always coming back
The other half and I eat here fairly regularly and we love it. He's veg and I eat meat and we can both customize our meals the way we like them. Having spent time in Japan, my other half vouches for the food and approximated authenticity here. I don't know authentic Japanese cuisine per se, but I can tell you that a heaping bowl of tonkotsu, the size of my head and then some, definitely fills this big boy's belly every time. I've had the curry bowl as well as the noodles and all are excellent. The shrimp & veggie tempura are great as well and the sweet, dark dipping sauce that accompanies the fried delights also ends up in my soup, to boot. Color me addicted. The staff is young and knowledgeable, and have accommodated some very tricky dietary demands from friends of ours with very specific food allergies.  Best of all, it doesn't cost us an arm & a leg for a hugely satisfying meal. Highly recommended gem of an Asian restaurant in Tempe AZ.
I LOVE Republic Ramen. I have been holding my birthday and friends' surprise birthday parties here now for a couple of years, because the food is delicious and inexpensive, the staff are very nice, and among my friends and I, we all just love ramen. My typical order is a tonkotsu ramen (very rich, creamy pork broth) and a thai iced tea boba! It is absolutely delicious, and even while writing this review, I am now craving some ramen from here. I have tried to recreate their tonkotsu broth at my home with no such luck! It is simply the best from here!

Also, for me personally, Cherry Blossum cafe was not nearly as good as Republic Ramen, it was just not as satisfying in the broth. I know everyone is different, but that is just my two cents! I will continue recommend Republic Ramen to all of my friends!
I love this place ! It's a regular stop when I'm in that part of town. A solid selection of ramen bowls that has something to offer for everyone. I usually start with some edamame and shrimp or vegy tempura. The wife and kids like it before we head over to the climbing walls next door. Nothing fancy, just good.
Coming from LA, I always crave good ramen. Knowing I can't place the same high standards as back home places, I didn't think this place was that bad. I was actually pretty surprised. I'd been to cherry blossom and didn't like theirs.  
I had the Tokyo ramen which they say is a light and spicy tonkotsu ramen with the original toppings. It is lighter than a normal tonkotsu broth but certainly was not spicy at all. But flavor was pretty decent. I liked that the original toppings came with spinach and carrots.  For the price (I think it was $7.50) you got a really good sized bowl. 
Bf had the republic ramen which was a pretty spicy one.  He did say that the spiciness builds up.  I didn't think his broth was as flavorful as mine but he still liked it lots. Interestingly my bf didn't eat all his noodles so I got to eat part of his too and his noodles tasted differently.  And it's not bc of the broths so not sure if the noodles are dif. 
Place is clean and staff was pretty good. For all those times you can't go to Cali for ramen and having a craving, this is a pretty decent sub.
Everytime I come to the Phoenix area I make a stop in here for a bowl of tonkotsu ramen with traditional toppings and some gyoza. Some of the better ramen I've had since leaving Las Vegas. If you see the sign and think cup ramen you are dead wrong. After this you will never go back to instant.
The freshly made broth is amazing!  I've had 3 different ones so far and they are all great!  I personally love the thick udon noodles too.  The Thai Tea boba could have been better.  One order of soup really feeds 2 people or a 2nd serving at home.
My girl and I popped in after our Friday movie at 8:30. We wait at the front counter for 5 minutes waiting to place our order but nobody came but not for lack of people. There was a girl mopping a spilled drink right by the counter and she never acknowledged us. There was a guy with a mustache that came out from the back and walked the length of counter twice he looked at us but just put his head like we weren't there. Needless to say we're eating Thai food now. Would've loved to try this place but apparently they didn't want our business. Good luck with that business model.
I love ramen, and I am not talking about the cheap garbage you buy from the grocery store.  I love the good stuff, and Republic Ramen does it right.

I ordered the extra spicy Republic Ramen with chicken, and it was great.  I enjoyed it so much.  Every drop of the soup was a symphony of sensation on my taste buds.  I was in heaven, but I am getting ahead of myself.

We started the dinner with an order of Shrimp Purses and Gyoza.  The price was four and three dollars respectively, and they came out in a hurry.  They were fresh, and they were great.  They were gone in a flash.

The main course was in a gigantic bowl, and that was way more than I could eat in a sitting.  I mostly ate the excellent broth, and I took the rest home to eat that night.  Man, I loved that place so much.  I will definitely go there again.

A+++ in my book!
Sooo I had been wanting to try this place for awhile and I wasn't impressed as much as everyone says in their reviews. I had the republic and although spicy which I love the broth itself was bland. They do give you a huge amount for the price the pork gyoza was good wish they could have steamed them or offered that instead of frying. The restaurant itself was clean employees were nice but they need to work on their broth .
Solid spot!  Generous servings, and flavorful broths to satisfy your cravings.  I had the Tokyo ramen with pork and added an egg, corn and garlic puree.  The broth was light with just enough kick from the spice and the vegetables were very fresh.  We also had an order of gyoza and the shrimp purse.  Both were good but the ramen was clearly the star.  Next time I'm in the area I will have to make a point of stopping back in.
I finally had a chance to come to place again with my cousin. Everyone I know thinks this place is not all that great, but I have a difference in opinion. Let's see, I always end up ordering the chili pepper ramen with beef and egg. Can't go wrong. I think the ingredients they use are fresh and tasty. The broth is really good with a little dose of their special spicy powder they have. Customer service was good and it just has a chill, laid back vibe to it in which I can't complain about.
I love their Ramen soup! I always order their miso soup with spam, it's delicious! I've taken a few people here and they also like it. 

My only complaint is that in the summer it feels like it's 80 degrees in there. After eating the soup, you come out sweating! Seriously you're selling soup in 105+ weather! The restaurant should be at least a chilly 75...don't be cheap and crank that AC!
The ramaen was ok, The Tonkatsu lacked depth, but it is the only place I know in Arizona that I can get Tonkatsu any day, for that alone it earned 4 stars.
They ran out of boba last time I came here. :-( and it was 2.5 hours before they closed.
There's an authentic ramen place in Las Vegas! I was really impressed with Monta Noodle House. Their menu is very simple and short. I tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and it was delicious! All this pork fatty goodness in the broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked not too soggy not too hard. You can add an egg, pork, corn, more noodles or green onions for a couple more bucks. It's a small place which only fits about 26 people max, but it definitely is the best place for ramen. The broth is not from a package and I think this is what makes it oh so delicious. We added eggs to ours, but I wasn't that huge of a fan. The egg was too "raw" for me, but the bf loved it.  The bf also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl, which is rice with cod roe. I didn't try it, but he liked it and the eggs are a lil more fishy than masago. Definitely coming back for more and be prepared to be a lil sweaty when you eat!
Hakata style Ramen originates in northern Kyushu.  It is in my opinion the best ramen you can get, with maybe Kurume being at the same level.
Start with a thick pork broth made with boiled pork bones to release the collagen into the soup.  Next, add some of the best noodles I've ever tasted.  throw on some basic toppings like roast pork, green onions, mushrooms and bamboo, and that's your standard bowl.  They also have one with miso.
The menu here is very simple.  There are the two bowls of Ramen, and additional toppings, then there are a few small rice dishes (mostly fried rice with some topping), and pot stickers.
Everything is amazing, be it service, staff, taste, decor.  There is not a good enough rating to describe this place.
Come on in today, and look for them next to Raku, and say hello to your new favorite restaurant.
Dropped by today after Googling ramen in Las Vegas and eventually found this new ramen-ya on Spring Mountain (it is in the same plaza as Raku).  Read the raving positive reviews posted on Google and also by Rod M., and I decided that I will resume my thus far unsuccessful search for a decent or better ramen place in Las Vegas.

After driving in the still very warm heat to the restaurant, I saw about 6 Asians standing or sitting outside the restaurant.  I was thinking, damn word sure got out fast for these Vegas Yelpers, but it turns out that they weren't waiting for this particular eatery.

Anyway, I went in and immediately saw that it is a very cozy and nicely decorated (I would describe it as very modern Japanese minimalist) restaurant with seating for 18 at the tables, and another 10 at the bar.  There is a small board hanging on the wall, on the right as you enter the restaurant, listing a few specials items not on their very simple menu (see the photo that I have uploaded).

I decided to order their Tonkotsu "pork bone" Ramen and add a side of Nitamago (hard boiled egg seasoned with soyu).  The ramen was prepared in a very clean and small kitchen, which you can clearly see if you are seated at the bar.  The ramen was served in an average size bowl, not small but definitely not large and probably just right for most people.  The broth was piping hot, the noodle cooked just right, and garnished with a small mound of green onions and two thin slices of their melt in your mouth chashu. I first tried the broth, which has a good depth of pork flavor and not too salty or greasy or water down like at some of the other local ramen places that I have tried on the East side of town.  The noodle was the thin variety, which is not my preference, but it was cooked just right.  Overall, it was a good bowl of ramen and definitely the best I have had in Las Vegas. But to Jeff and my other ramen connoisseur friends, it is not as good as the really awesome and highly regarded ramen served at Santouka Ramen (Torrance, California) or Santa Ramen (San Mateo, CA), but still worth a try when you guys are in town.

I also ordered a Mini Mentaiko Bowl, which was served with a decent amount of rice.  Mentaiko rice bowl is nothing special, and not difficult to prepared, but it was delicious because it was made with fresh and quality ingredients.

The staff were very friendly and the waitress, Megumi, was very attentive.  It wasn't busy at the time of my visit (just one other customer who was already there before I arrived), but I can see that this place starts to get more crowded as word spread of their good quality soupy goodness for a reasonable price.

Tonkotsu Ramen $6.95
+ Nitamago           $1.50
Mini Mentaiko Bowl  $2.95

To the owner(s):  I recommend that you consider adding chicken karaage to the menu or as a special.
I went here on a recommendation from a work friend.  I am blown away by this place.  It is like the holy grail from Tanpopo.  This movie is amazing and it's about foodie ramen culture in Japan.  They are as authentic as it comes.  Just like the movie, the ramen is cooked al dente, the pork slices are placed carefully, the soup is hot and the broth is flavorful.  All the toppings are there and we were so excited we replicated a part of Tanpopo when the zen ramen master mindfully eats his ramen.  

I knew this place was it when I ate everything and drank the broth to the bottom of the bowl.  The soft boiled eggs are a must.

This place is amazing and the menu is simple and they just added the shoyu ramen which is by far my favorite.

the shoyu ramen is light broth not overly salty, the tonkatsu is very meaty and flavorful and they use a different noodle.  I prefer the ramen noodles that come with the miso ramen though.  The miso ramen is delicious but, a little to salty (but, authentic for japanese taste)

I wouldn't get their gyoza again.  pretty generic and expensive.

the ramen is cheap coming in at under $7 for the tonkatsu and $8 for the miso.

This place is damn good.  I went their for dinner and was so impressed I went back for lunch again the next day driving all the way from Henderson.  

Monta is pretty authentic looking and I hope it does well because I love little hole in the wall gems.
The Skinny: pretty good Hakata styled ramen (2.75), efficient service (3), value - really good... only $6.95 for a good ramen pick-me-up (4).

Tried this place because my hubby needed a big bowl of warm Japanese love after working all day and because of the Yelp reviews. We were super excited to see that this place specializes in Hakata-style pork broth ramen.

Hmmm... well... so far, it's one of the best bowl of ramen we've had in Vegas (but that doesn't necessarily say much). There is certainly a good amount of porky flavour in the broth... but not enough to make it really stand up  on its own (ie, make me want to drink the whole bowl and wonder if I can ask for more).  Also, there is a hint of the distinctive earthy shitake mushroom which does take away from the flavour of the pork.

The noodles are classic tonkotsu ramen noodles but they lacked the nice chew of others we've tried. The chashu was okay - a little on the fatty side, mildly tough but great flavour.

Overall, it's not bad, it's closer than LA (which has some really great ramen establishments), and pretty good value for your money.
Finally.  A shop in Las Vegas specializing in Japanese Ramen and Monta does it quite well.  

Great space, simple and clean with a counter overlooking the kitchen.

The menu is straightforward.. two types of ramen, TONKOTSU Ramen and MISO Ramen.  Then there are a few extra topping options such as a flavored soft boiled egg, and cha-shu.  In addition, they have a few rice dishes like the pork belly bowl, chashu bowl and a mentaiko bowl. 

The TONKOTSU RAMEN is really good.  The pork broth/soup has great flavor... dense, rich , almost creamy.  "Umai" would be the Japanese expression to describe this taste.  The "men"  (noodles) were thin, typical of this style of ramen.. but I would've liked them to be a bit more hard or al dente as the italians would call it.  The cha-shu was good too.  

Hope everyone is excited to welcome this great new ramen shop to this city as much as I am..
Who reins supreme in ramen in Vegas?  Monta Ramen!  I've been dreaming about a fantastic ramen-ya in Vegas for years ever since trying greats like Daikokuya in LA.  Finally, the time has come and we can have a legit ramen-ya in Las Vegas.

The place is in a small suite that is simply and tastefully decorated, and I think that is reflected in its menu where it is also simple.  They only concentrate on a ramen and a few side dishes.  To me, I think that is a sign of a great restaurant.

Breaking it down =)
1.  Tonkotsu Ramen - True to its description, the soup was hearty, full flavored porky fatty goodness!  The chashu was not for the fatty-faint of heart.  These fatty bad boys had a flavorful full fat ring around the slice.  I also think the takenoko (bamboo shoots) and kikurage (black fungus) added a nice contrast of crunch and earthy flavors.  I agree with other yelpers that the noodle is good, but I would prefer a more al dente touch.  Regardless, I slurped up the entire bowl of noodles like a professional Japanese business man.  The. Entire. Bowl.  Slurp!
2.  Gyoza - Nothing too fantastic.  I think half of them lacked the critical yummy juice factor because the skin had popped when frying them.

Conclusion:  Bomb-tastic hole in the wall ramen-ya in Vegas.  Just based on ramen alone = 5 stars!
This place was sooo hard to find because they had no sign.  If my friend didn't tell me it was right next to Raku I wouldn't have found it.  It was worth it though.  Much like In-n-Out there is a very small menu but the quality and simplicity made up for it.  I am a fan!
The noodles were definitely decent in Vegas. We tried the tonkatsu and miso ramen.
Miso ramen was too salty for me. Miso is such a strong taste that you should not have that first before you tried the tonkatsu one. The noodles they used for this was perfect(it was the ramen noodles)! 
Tonkatsu ramen was really tasty. The pork melted in your mouth. So good! The fungus gave the ramen a crunchy/texture to it! You always want to have some sort of bamboo in your ramen, which they did! The only thing I thought was missing was the noodles. They served mines with the thin noodles. I preferred to have my ramen with ramen noodles! I don't know if they are out of those ramen noodles or that's what they served but I'll have to request that next time. Yes, there will be a next time! :) Overall, it was pretty delish!
Oh yay! I still love Monta! I've been back three times since my first review. Tonight was the first time I tried the Miso Ramen. Let me tell you, it was delicious! The noodles were actually ramen and the soup was a lil sweet. It was definitely not a disappointment at all. I can't wait for the winter, when its ramen eating weather! However, there was a weird smell inside but other than that the food was still awesome.
I'm new to the world of authentic ramen. Ever since my cousin suggested I watch a silly little film called Ramen Girl, I've been wanting to give it a try. I thought I would have to go to NYC or LA to get my Ramen fix, so I was completely stoked when I heard about this place through a friend.

From the existing reviews, it sounded like I needed to try the Tonkotsu Ramen. I'm glad I did because it was absolutely delicious. The broth is amazing and all the ingredients worked together to provide a satisfying ramen experience. Of course, I had to add egg because that's just my thing.

My cousin also ordered a Mini Pork Belly Bowl. The pieces of meat looked like bacon, but they were soft and tender. It's a delicious side dish that complemented the hot bowl of soup. I will definitely return.
Yummy mcyummsters!!
Thank you fellow Yelper"s for helping me find my new favorite ramen restaurant in Las Vegas Monta Noodle House. 

The place is a hole in the wall place and has only been in business for a month now, but don't let that hold ya back! The place is clean with awesome service. 

I went with the Tonkotsu Ramen that's the BOMB! The soup is so tasty and pork is perfectly cooked. 

The ramen is as good if not better then some of the ramen joints in So Cal. I'll definitely be returning here in the future.
I went asap after reading Mike C's review!  This is by far the best ramen I've had in Vegas but this would maybe only be a 3 star place if it were located in Japan. Its certainly a 4+ star place in LV.  

We both got the tonkotsu ramen which was pretty good although more miso-y than I expected.  I got the extra chashu which was great and pretty different than other chashu I've had as it had more of a roasted taste.  The gyoza was just ok.  My wife (Japanese) was disappointed w/ the quality of the noodles but we'll take what we can get outside of Japan.  

This certainly beats the hell out of the prices of Yokohama Kaigenro and I am psyched its so close to my place.  

I'm more of a shoyu ramen guy which is what I'll get next time.
A 3 star elsewhere but for LV a solid 4.  

Worthy comfort food and a change from the other 5 star dining over a weekend of debauchery over the 4th of July.
Still going here every week if not more often.
They finally have a sign up so they're a bit easier to spot.
Anyway, I'm glad everyone else is liking this place.  I don't know why the bad reviews on the gyoza, because it's right up my alley.  And yes, they do use different noodles for the Tonkotsu ramen versus the others.  The tonkotsu ramen is Hakata style, and is known for the very thin, very delicious noodles.  They cook theirs a little more here than they do in Hakata, but it's still great.
Anyway, having tried the miso ramen, I'd say give this one a shot too.  It's their tonkotsu soup with miso added to give it a rich nutty flavor that really sticks to your ribs.
I also have to recommend the chahan (fried rice), it is super peppery and delicious.  Just the way I remember it from my highschool days in Japan.
A second note.  Anything you don't like on your ramen, let them know.  I keep going with picky eaters (1 vegan, others just picky), and they've made a vegan kimchi chahan, as well as bowls of ramen with extra this, no that, whatever you ask for.
As always, they're eager to please, and definitely worth seeing, so help Monta stay busy, and maybe even expand.  I would love to see more of these guys.
Having lived in OKinawa AND in mainland Japan, in Yokosuka... i'd like to think that I know a thing or two when in comes to Japanese Ramen. 

Before there was Monta, there were only two real places to get Ramen here in Vegas. One was Togoshi (which sadly had closed) and Kaigenro (which still has some pretty excellent ramen, BTW). Enter Monta...a fresh new take on a small niche market here in sin city. 

And let me tell you, after that first sip of the soup and the first snap of the fresh noodles, I was instantly transported back to Japan. Even for just a fleeting moment, I forgot all about the hustle and bustle of day to day life here and was "home" for the duration of a bowl or ramen. 

Their chashu is out of this world!  the menu is kept simple with three main variations of ramen: shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu...all of which are absolute trips back in time, like being back in Japan. 

Now only if they served beer...........
"Got Ramen?"

My life has never been the same ever since I became lactose-intolerant. I've tried to substitute with soy milk to no avail. Now thanks to Monta, I can drink Tonkatsu broth all-day to get my nutrients! Yes, Tonkatsu broth, rich, creamy pork marrow. Served with slow roasted pork in pork fat. Topped with green onions. I wish I drank this growing up, I would have been 6 foot-tall and playing in the NBA. Instead, I'm short and pull people's teeth for a living. 

My one complaint, turn up the AC yo! It is HOT! I was sweating more than the pig I just ate. I was sweating like a hooker in church. Like junkie in withdrawal. Like Clinton next to an intern. Like a blonde reading a math book. Seriously Chuck Norris would complain that it's hot in there..
Before everyone gets carried away this started off as a strong 4 star review because I was stoked that we finally had decent ramen in Vegas. That other place Togoshi that closed down was not even remotely worth mentioning. I apologize but you people are really reaching. I'm not going to name drop, but there are GREAT ramen-ya in California and New York as well as some not so good ones in the mix. 

Monta....I was willing to over look a few things. Like the fact that it's 103 degrees outside at night and you have no working A/C. Also the faint smell of sewage doesn't really get your appetite going as you walk through the door. Let's serve a steaming hot bowl of ramen in the middle of the Las Vegas summer with no adequate ventilation except for some ceiling fans. 

Let's pretend I'm part Asian even part Japanese and I know something about food. Yes the food is decent and the ramen, pork belly and boiled egg, noodles are decent. Not the greatest but good enough that I would have returned. Prices are reasonable until you start getting extras. Our bill was $44.00 for the 2 of us. Pretty respectable check average for a small establishment. 

This is where I am not understanding how you could overlook simple customer service. I have reasonable expectations of decent food and decent service.... 

Whoever the arrogant F**K is that owns Monta: 

1. This is not Japan 

2. We live in the year 2010. 

3. There are not enough Japanese here in Las Vegas a town dominated by the Chinese, Koreans, Vietnamese and every other nationality that you can afford to lose business. 

4. Treat your customers better. 

5. You might as well save some money and switch to walk-up counter service because that's about how useful your waitress was. 

It was not so much a lack of experience or lack of training issue, but more an arrogant I don't care it's not my job mentality and attitude. What? You don't think I saw this in Japanese restaurants 20 years ago? Even the Chinese have changed Mr. Bakatari and deliver with much more friendly and caring service. Is it that hard?? 

I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with tamago, extra pork and extra noodles. They serve the extra noodles on the side in a bowl and later I find out why. YES YES YES I know broth is costly, labor intensive and time consuming to make. But if you order XTRA noodles then the ration of broth to noodles should be proportional. It was not even close. I asked the waitress, Miss Personality very politely if I could have a little extra broth as I had a ton of extra noodles and no broth left. I'm not complaining, there wasn't that much broth to start with just enough for the regular order of noodles I was served. Answer was "no". No big deal I will pay for extra broth just a tiny bit, whatever you guys want to charge....fat sumo kitchen lackey is like f'****n way and again "no" then a half ass sorry as she is walking away. 

Honestly this is such a joke I've been to restaurants in LA and again NY that have the name and ability to be arrogant and pretentious yet the service is warm and hospitable. 

You can go to Naked Fish, owned and operated by Japanese, yet the service is outstanding.
Nice place!  They are always eager to please their customers.  The food is tasty.  I love the hiyashi chuka, kimchee fried rice, and an iced green tea.  

I feel like such a fatty after walking away each time, but it's damn good food.  Will visit again and again.
After stumbling through various Japanese restaurants that serve decent bowls of ramen, I've finally found a place that specializes at it. In fact, it's pretty much all they serve. Their menu reminded me of an In-N-Out menu: You either order a tonkotsu ramen or a miso ramen. If you don't want ramen, there's fried rice and some basic Japanese apps. Not much in terms of variety. But, if this is what you're in the mood for, they do it great.

I started off with an order of gyoza for an app. Simple stuff and what you'd expect. Nothing to write home about. Then, came the steamy bowl of tonkotsu ramen. The broth was a real winner here. A lot of places that I have tried never really got the broth quite right. This was one place where the flavor really hit the spot. Even though it's a scorching 100+ degrees outside, a routine stop for a bowl of ramen here is worth having. Next time I drop by, I will probably give their fried rice a shot.

Monta is a tiny, quaint little place, though not very crowded when I went. It started out empty when we walked in, but started filling up as we were slurping up our noodles. I wouldn't expect a wait for a table, but I could see it happening if this place picks up in popularity.
One Saturday afternoon, I finally had a chance to try Ramen @Monta Noodle House. Right after I entered the noodle shop, all the employees were shouting loudly in Japanese usual expression in turn: Irasshaimase, Irasshaimase! I felt so welcomed :p 

So, I decided to try the 'Tonkotsu' with boiled egg since it was one of their special dishes & highly recommended by the server. She brought some of the minced garlic and pickled ginger with it.  Without hesitation, I put a little bit of garlic in the soup just because I love garlic so much :)  I could totally taste of very rich and milky pork bone broth in my mouth. The noodle was very thin and straight. One of the toppings that really stands out was the sliced pork, the 'Chashu'. It was very tender and soft. 
Overall, I was happy with the Tonkotsu Ramen but, I liked the Miso Ramen with lots of bean sprouts @Shuseki little better. If someone wants to try richness of the broth & the amount of oil they want, the Tonkotsu Ramen is the one... 
Next time, I still want to try their Kimchi Fried Rice & Cold(chilled) Noodle(Hiyashi-chuka). 

On my way out, I heard, " Arigatoh Gozaimashita!" Once again, they were thanking customers and I was pleased with the service @Monta!!!
After reading about Monta here on Yelp, I was in the general area on Sunday, 7/18/10, after learning another resto was closed on Sundays.

THIS PLACE IS SMALL. It seats 26 people. So, depending on your group size, it may be a bit difficult to get everyone in. 

I got there at 2:15pm, and it was 114 degrees outside in the wonderful Las Vegas heat. Monya has -no- air conditioning, except for a single box fan near the front door. Which, by the way..does nothing but blow the freaking scorching air outside INSIDE. That really really sucks.

How was the ramen, you wonder? It was good.  The rich tonkotsu broth was addictive, but the chashu was waay too thinly sliced for my liking. (but was very tasty) AWESOME marinated soft-boiled egg that will haunt my dreams for days to come.

I was the only whitey there that afternoon, and my service was excellent. I sat at the counter, watched the chefs do their thang, and the shitty heat aside, I enjoyed my lunch there.

It totally did remind me of the little ramen-ya's i've eaten at in Japan, tho. it was so small on the inside. The place was packed to full capacity (all 26 of us idiots eating boiling hot ramen on a boiling hot day in Vegas.)


I will take my husband here, as I know he'll like the ramen. But, he'll hate the lack of air-conditioning, and the fairly limited menu items. Going across the street to Shuseki gives you so many more Japanese food choices that are great, plus the place is big and comfy inside.

Kaigenro makes an awesome mabo ramen that beats all Vegas ramen.

Good, but not the best ever.
On my first visit to the Monta (Ellis) Noodle House I had an inclination that it was worthy of four sexy stars. After eating here, I'm quite certain of that.

Your not going to drive past it on Spring Mountain in case you think you missed it because it's all the way in the back of the plaza.  

If your a Rameniac like myself.  This place is the new kid on the block and a must-try.  We know Las Vegas isn't exactly a hot-bed for ramen but Monta meets my needs.

The Miso Ramen was delicious, it's probably one of the best in town. we waited 15 minutes, but definitely worth the wait. although many have first timers have said it wasn't worth.  Monta wouldn't stand a chance vs. some ramen spots I frequent in the Bay Area. But all of my friends and they were all asian said it couldn't be better.  The kikurage was yummy as well.  But stay away from the specials like the Kim-Chi Fried Rice.  But who the hell goes to a ramen house for fried rice?  Duh!
Hello, my name is Anthony, and I'm a ramen newbie.  Outside of the thirty cent packages you make at home, I've never had ramen at a proper restaurant until I went to Monta.  Boy, have I been missing out...

The three main soups they offer are the tonkatsu, miso and shoyu broths.  I've had both the tonkatsu and miso soups and have enjoyed both, but don't understand why they have different noodles.  The miso has what I thought to be "traditional" ramen noodles, while the tonkatsu had a plain looking light colored noodle.  I like the tonkatsu broth, and the miso noodles; according to other Yelpers you can have them make your soup with that broth/noodle combination.  Just one more reason for me to go back!

The pork that is served with the soup is like no other pork I've had before.  For the longest time the only time I would eat pork is if I were at a Vietnamese restaurant; now Monta joins that exclusive club.  The pork is very soft and I felt that the texture goes great with soup; however at my last visit another person in our group said that it should be more firm.  Like I said, I'm a ramen newbie, but for now I sure do love my Monta.
After all the hype that I've been hearing about monta, i finally got to try it.  This place is probably the best ramen house in vegas.  The noodles are very different and definitely not like any ramen you make at home.  The broth is my favorite and the best part to me.  I got the tonkatsu and you can really taste the pork flavoring in the soup.  

They only give you 2 pieces of pork which was not enough for me since they were so tasty.  You can add an additonal 4 peices for 2.50 i believe, but if you do so, the whole thing will come out to around 10-11 bucks.  Which was a little pricey for what its worth.  Service was friendly but the restaurant didn't have AC and their fan didn't cut it with this 110 weather.

I'll probably revisit this place in the winter 12039023 times but as for now, its WAAAY to hot to eat ramen.  It was hard debating between giving it a 3 or a 4.  If i could, id definitely rank it a 3.5, mainly because of the fact that its just ramen and it didn't make me wanting to come back for more.
Allright, I went back for lunch today to Monta. It was 3:45 in the afternoon, and it wasen't busy like last Sunday. Therefore, it wasen't as ungodly hot and stifling inside as it was last time.

I ate the whole bowl of ramen AGAIN. I have begun to really grasp just WHAT makes the tonkotsu ramen so good. It's savory and not overly salty. In fact, it's UN-ramen-like in that regard. (OK, i'll admit to normally eating a shoyu-based one many many times) The broth is actually a bit creamy (VERY addictive) and the stuff inside the bowl is tops.

Can I tell you how much IN LOVE with the marinated boiled/almost soft egg in it, AKA nitamago? It's so damn great! If you like hardboiled or softboiled egg, you'll love it I guarantee.

I have to try the fried rice and their gyoza. They smell very very good, but I have to have more people with me to get it all eaten! When the weather cools down, i'm going to be here LOTS!

BTW, they have a VERY funky restroom!
I read about this restaurant on Yelp and was very excited to find a good ramen place. 

As all the other Yelpers mentioned, it is VERY warm in the restaurant so be prepared! The whole restaurant only fits about 26 people but we were lucky we were the only customers.

I went with my boyfriend and I ordered the tonkatsu ramen w/ egg and he had the miso w/ corn, egg & extra chashu. Even in the heat I definitely enjoyed the ramen. The broth was very savory and delicious. The chashu was very soft and also very flavorful. I would definitely order the extra chashu next time we go there. I've never had corn in my ramen before (except for the american cuponoodles) but it added a nice crunch to the dish and sweetness.

The service was good but just be careful with your bill there. This was the first time we went there and they rang up 3 cokes instead of 2. After the transaction was completed she had corrected it by giving us cash back for the misrung item. After leaving the restaurant and being a day later, we came to realized the server charged his debit card TWICE for the meal as well. So not only did they rang up extra items on our tab but they charged the transaction TWICE.

Keep in mind that we were the only people in the restaurant as well so it wasn't like it was very busy. 

Overall I was happy with the meal, just will keep in mind to pay cash and triple check the tab from now on.
What a great place. The Tonkotsu was delicious and that boiled egg made it all work together. How they get the broth to have so much body and soul is beyond me but it make for so really delicious Ramen. Go at night as its not so hot AC seems to be broke but go because its delicious.
This noodle-house is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. (Yeah, like LV is not hot enough!)

But the thing is, "I'm definitely not a Ramen-guy!" 

Because I'm not contented with just noodles, flavored broth, diced meat and/or vegetables in a bowl. 

It's been a LONG while since I've had a bowl of Ramen....even before 9/11 to be exact (yeah, that long).  

I met up with a bunch of friends in Las Vegas and each of us ordered one of the restaurant's tasty Ramen Noodle. I ordered the Chashu and Tonkatsu Ramen Noodle Bowl. For $6.95, it's not a bad price and had slices of Chashu and noodles in a flavorful Miso soup. The soup/meal was actually pretty good and comforting. This bowl of soup would definitely warm me up in a cold winter night in San Francisco. 

I got my ramen soup very fast and the service was also good.

Friends used credit cards for their meals. But I paid my meal in cash.
I'm happy to finally see a decent Ramen place in Las Vegas.

I honestly did not miss the closure of Togoshi as it seemed to have gone down hill over the years.

It appears that all of the negative reviews have resulted form misguidance and/or ignorance of some reviewers in terms of their experience or knowledge on what a "Ramen-ya" and thier customs are supposed to be.

I would like to see Monta try not to expand their soup varieties as most Ramen-yas in Japan are supposed to stick with one type of broth, and feel that their tonkotsu ramen is very well done especially with thin noodles.  Their miso is good, but not my favorite type and would like to see it evove to thicker/denser/full-bodied miso toward more of a sapporo style. 

all in all, a great additon to Vegas authentic Japanese food scene.  those who can appreciate authentic Japanese food with its somewhat peculiar cultures would love it, for the noobies it may be too difficult to appreciate.
Still tasty!  They now have 3 types of ramen broth - creamy miso, fattylicious shoyu and bombastic tonkotsu.  If you're a fan of the thicker ramen noodles, do request it specifically if you are planning on ordering the tonkotsu version.

and yes!  I think they got the AC "working".  It's still gets pretty hot in there, but hey, just suck it up.  Be a man.  Do the right thing and Enjoy the good food!
Yummy.  The extra meat and boiled egg sides are a must.  I tried the pork ramen bowl.  Order the extra noodles if you're not full off the bowl.

Friendly staff.

Good portions.

Affordable.
I've been waiting for a good ramen joint for a long time.  I love that they have 3  different soup base with different noodle combinations.  Portions are small. Having a hot bowl of ramen during summer is not pleasant but at least they got lots of fans blowing.
So apparently I was being a bit stingy with my stars so says a friend of mine which i guess makes sense.  Being that Monta is probably the best ramen place in town I decided to add a star.

Anyways, came back over the weekend for a second try and ordered the Miso ramen with extra pork. It was mm mm good and the extra pork definitely hit the g-spot.  I did regret not adding the egg and corn, im sure it would've made it perfect.

Still pretty hot inside even with the AC fixed but i guess it's tolerable after the use of 10 napkins to wipe off my sweat.
The miso ramen broth was delicious.....yeah it was 110 degrees outside and the AC in the restaurant was not working, so as I'm eating my soup I was getting pretty sweaty, but despite of that the service was good and the soup was delicious...so I will be going back..!
Forget Pho - Ramen is Chinatown's best hangover cure (particularly perfect for the day after an Elite Event). This is a place that really does live up to the hype. 

My coworker tried the gyoza and a pork belly bowl and was very pleased with both. I stuck with the tonkatsu ramen ($6.95) with extra pork added ($2.50). The broth was silky, creamy, and perfect! Pho broth seems so blah after eating this. The 6 slices of pork in my bowl were just fatty enough and so delicious! 

A pleasant surprise was canned, cold oolong tea for $1.75. It was delicious and really hit the spot. When you're eating soup in 105 degree weather, a cold drink seems more appropriate than hot tea. 

Service was friendly and accomodating and the broth can't be beat ! I'll be back - but next time I'll be going noodle-less. The noodles are a waste of space ! More yummy broth and meat please.
After coming home from a trip to Tokyo the first thing I craved was Tonkotsu Ramen.  I have been searching in Las Vegas ever since. The only thing that came close was in LA, until now... The soup is amazing and fills my craving for something I have been unable to find in Vegas!!   A must for everyone even the vibe is cool like Tokyo!!!
I found this place in the Vegas Weekly Magazine and knew i had to try it out after seeing great Yelp reviews.

Were my expectations met? YES! As soon as you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a very cute Japanese girl worker and are seated right away. The restaurant is small, but very cozy. We ordered the tonkotsu ramen with a boiled egg on the side and were very impressed at how delicious the bowl of soup was. Although the bowl only comes with two thin slices of pork, the pork itself is very tender and is soaked in that delicious broth making you savor each bite! The broth is cloudy like it should be and wasn't too salty or too bland for my taste. What really impressed me was the poached egg. The article talked about how perfectly poached the eggs were there and boy was he right! The egg was not too runny nor too cooked. The combination of the runny yolk and broth tasted like heaven in my mouth! 

Overall, the food and service were excellent. It was also a very authentic experience for me since the worker's demeanor reminded me of my time in Japan. Very perky, always smiling and had a cute high pitched voice! Come here to enjoy a delicious bowl of ramen and experience a little taste of Japan!
Went here last night for dinner and had a tasty, satisfying meal.   The restaurant is small and casual.  We ordered some gyoza, a tonkatsu ramen and a shoyu ramen with egg and kimchi and some cold green tea.  I loved that they offered kimchi as a side (I can't have ramen without it!) even though it was 'kimuchi' on the menu.  We tried to get the extra pork but they were out.  The gyoza was too greasy but tasted good.  The tonkatsu ramen was delish!  The broth was white, cloudy, flavorful and less greasy than the shoyu and the noodles were thinner.  
The shoyu would be perfect for a  hangover.  The broth was darker, clearer, greasier, and saltier than the tonkatsu.  The ramens come with some green onions, and two pieces of tender pork. 
The one thing that will keep me from going back is the temperature.  It is too hot in there, uncomfortably hot to really enjoy your meal especially if its a bowl of hot noodle soup.
Ramen, not the most popular thing in Las Vegas, mostly due to whatever ramen we have is usually too salty, bland, or expensive. I almost gave up on finding a decent ramen place... until I met Monta Noodle house :). 

Monta Noodle House is in a plaza I rarely ever go into mostly because it seems a bit run down compared to the other plazas. Despite the appearance of the plaza, Monta is a nice little restaurant that serves water that doesn't taste like reclamation. 

During my visit I was immediately greeted by the staff and seated. This  place is ideal for a quick lunch with a few friends, but if you have a large party you may want to think twice because of the small capacity of the restaurant. You may want to avoid lunch during prime time if you are in a hurry because it seems that they have one waitress, and it seemed to be quite hectic for her. 

The tonkatsu ramen is the one which the broth is made from pork bones, it was flavorful, had a meaty and fatty taste, but most importantly when I got home I wasn't downing water how I would if I was eating pho. I added corn to my ramen which was a nice touch, and rather inexpensive. Extra noodles (kagemane?) is available for the hungry eaters at a cost of $2.00, well worth it in my opinion because the noodles do not look like they were once dry like some other places.

Will definitely be back to fulfill my noodle hunger.
Highly over rated. First of all it was hotter than hell in there....too cheap to have AC!.   I do not like eating ramen when it is 90 degrees in the restaurant. Second the Asahi beer we ordered came out warm! The ramen was mediocre and lacked flavor...my son only ate one bite. extremely disappointed. Not anywhere near the caliber of lil Tokyo ramen houses in Los Angeles.
My schedule at work was changed for the weekend, and a coworker who was leaving a hour after I am off the clock suggested going to get ramen.  Then she said Monta Ramen.  I guess she has been reading the many positive reviews on Yelp.

So off we went to Monta Ramen.  The place was 85F with the fans (ceiling and the other portable ones) going full blast.  I suggested eating at the bar, since I know there is a fan blowing right next to the cashier area.  But the restaurant was still pretty packed (11 of us total) at around 4pm on a summer Saturday.

I tried the Shoyu Ramen this time, while my friend tried the Miso.  Shoyu was good and I didn't feel it was too salty like the other two ramen.  And my coworker enjoyed the Miso Ramen. Both of these options are prepared with the thick ramen noodle (just FYI), which I prefer anyway.

Overall, another satisfying dining experience at Monta Ramen.
Shoyu - Soy sauce based, probably the most salty one out of the three, but not overwhelmingly salty which you can't bear.. like some places. 

Miso - straight foward miso based soup, savory, and goes well with the premium green onions.

Side note: there are two different types of noodles, a skinny noodle similar to the golden chinese egg noodles, and a fatter one, similar to the form of noodles from an instant noodle cup, but has absolutely no resemblance to the flavorless, soggy cup noodles.
I didn't even know gourmet ramen existed in Las Vegas. This was a small spot hidden on Spring Mountain Rd. It's really hot and ramen may not be the ideal food but it tasted great here. The chashu meat was really soft. The noodles were thin and the tonkatsu broth was very flavorful. Glad to have tried a place like this. It looks like they take pride and appreciate the craft of ramen here. It just makes the meal that much more satisfying. 

Recommendation: Tonkatsu Ramen with extra chasu and hard boiled egg.
I just have to review this place. I am a big fan of ramen and I have tried ramen from all the good places - norcal, socal and this place stands on its own!

The pork flavor ramen is so good, add a bit of garlic to it and you get the best tasting pork ramen you can get. I like it better than santa ramen @sanmateo.

The noodle itself is the thinner and softer kind you can find in socal and not the thicker kind you can find in norcal.
YES. If you sit at the bar, there is a shelf underneath where you can stow your purse, baby, or other personal belongings. YES. 

Also the counter is made out of this beautiful hunk of nice solid wood. What is that? Walnut? It's nice. 

So anyways. This place is located next a Korean BBQ and Raku. Makes me wonder if it's the same owner as Raku? 

The ramen is okay. Anyone that has had the standard of ramen (Daikokuya in LA, hello?) will tell you that Monta isn't as good, but for Vegas, it'll do. 

Monta only does three kinds of ramen: tonkatsu, shoyu, and miso (around $7-8). All are decent. The menu has short descriptions of each for us gaijin. There is also a short list of accouterment like egg, butter, corn, and spring onions available for nominal additional costs. I recommend the butter. It is exquisite. 

The very limited menu has gyoza, mini mentaiko (around $3), kim chi fried rice (not very good). Sometimes they have specials written on the white board on the wall. 

On the front of the menu, there's a short history of ramen. The reading lists the source: ramenlicious.com

They have a few beers including Asahi and something domestic, maybe Bud. My friend got a $3 glass of Asahi. It was like a double shot of beer.  

They do NOT make their own noodles, at least not on the day we came. 

The unisex bathroom is practical and has a weird interior design nonsensicalness to it. Meh. 

The joint is pretty small. A bar that accommodates eight and maybe five four-tops. 

All of the staff is Japanese. One of the cooks looks hardcore prison cook with the burns all up and down his forearm. Heck yeah. 

The restaurant is small and will possibly never have air conditioning. But there is a plethora of fans running and the back door remains open on the hottest of days. When some one opens the front door to leave or enter, the joint turns into a wind tunnel. 

They're only open til 11p. I'm sure they could stay open later and do just fine with the late night belligerent crowd. "Whoo, I'm so wasted! I need lots of calories in my system. Whoo!"

Watch Tampopo. 


* off the strip, non-casino
Silky noodles, perfectly yolky eggs, but a salty broth..I was so excited to eat at this restaurant, but was a little disappointed. I couldn't finish my soup, perhaps because I added mustard greens. Points on the poached egg.. the best excuse for high cholestrol out there! It's right next to Raku.
Due to all of your rave reviews I was compelled to give this place a try.  (I can just hear my dad saying, "if everyone jumped off a cliff would you jump too?  If it were into a yummy ocean of noodle soup, hell yeah!)

This little gem is hidden a bit back from the road and does not have a huge eye catching front.  It modestly blends in with the rest of the shops.  As you enter you will be greeted by the cooks, servers, and maybe a few customers.  It is a simple small noodle shop fighting the Vegas Heat with a weak AC system and a multitude of fans.  Was it warm?  Yes sir, very much so.  But my good friend told me, that regardless of the heat we should endure and it would be worth it.

We sat at the rotating wooden stools at a lovely solid one piece of wood bar.  Service was immediate and friendly.  I found the very short menu to be a relief from the pages and pages of food offerings of other establishments.  I often have trouble deciding what to eat, and then leave with regrets if I did not enjoy my meal.  Neither would be the case today.  I have heard a hero of mine speak of restaurants that only make one thing, but they make it better than anyone else around.  I hoped for a similar experience.

I quickly decided on the Tonkotsu Ramen with tamago, chashu, mustard cabbage, and green onions.  I noticed from everyone's pictures that many of us decided on the exact same combination.  Great minds think alike right?  

A few minutes later a large hot bowl of aroma and color found its way to me.  I dug in and didn't stop till the bowl was tilting to my face and the last drops of soup were tickling my tongue.  I love the thinner noodles over udon, so I am a bit biased here.  The noodles where not over cooked for my taste and the broth had great flavor.  The Chashu I got was soft and delicious.  Everything just seemed to go together perfectly.

If I were judging this restaurant against all noodle places in vegas, 5 stars.  But since I have had some outstanding noodles in California that I set my standards by, I'll give this 4.  Don't get me wrong, this place is great, and I will be back, but I am saving the 5 star rating for a place I love in California.  I just need to eat there a few more times and make sure that it wasn't just the one time.
Best Japanese ramen I have had since returning to the states after 14 years in japan. Notice how they use different (and correct) noodles for each soup type!  Gochisousamadeshita
It's on my monthly must have menu.   Tonkotsu Ramen is the best out of the 3 ramen selections on the menu imo.   Creamy savory broth, perfectly cooked noodle and the tender Chashu (Pork) make it very addictive.  This is not something you can cook at home.  The pork has the perfect amount of fat makes the Ramen rich and flavorful without being greasy.  You can tell it takes a lot of time and effort to prepare the pork.  Their other side dishes (Fried Rice, Gyoza, Pork belly...) are all very delicious as well.  Service was ok and bareable as most of the small scale Asian restaurants. 

The downside of the restaurant:
--The broth is a bit saltier than I'd prefer.
--I'd prefer more Chashu (pork) pieces per Ramen order for the price they're charging
--Sometimes they run out of extra Chashu.
--It's always hot in there.  They need to invest some money in AC.
--I felt like I was being ripped off a little when I went there the first time because it seems a little overpriced for the portion and the ingredients.  However, now I'm totally addicted and have no choice cause it's very yummy and they don't have many competitions.
Mmmmm, thank you Yelp, this place is good, I love Ramen and this place reminds me of Orochon Ramen in Los Angeles. Not necessarily better but for Las Vegas this might be one of the best. 

Pros: The Shoyu Ramen and Tonkatsu were so good with extra green onion and chashu. My friend didn't like the chashu (pork) so much because she felt it was a weird texture thing but I loved it, put extra in mine and took hers, so my gain! Tonkatsu noodles were good, and the egg was good but you had to let it sit in the hot broth for awhile, otherwise you'd realize that they tossed a cold egg in there. Service was good, very friendly and nice.

The biggest cons were the size and the temperature. I got there early so I was able to secure a spot at the bar but outside of that, there were three small table for maybe four, and a group of eight sitting together and that's all there was room for. I couldn't imagine what this place is like during lunch hour or dinner. When I first arrived I didn't think the temperature was that bad since they have fans everywhere. But after eating hot ramen, having a couple Asahis, and being right next to the busy kitchen, the sweat started coming (felt like I was cutting weight for a fight) but it's manageable. All in all, I will definitely be coming back here
Love this ramen joint! Had the shoyu ramen and pork belly bowl, both very tasty, not too salty either. Definitely better than Ichiza's and Shuseki. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is becuz they don't have a freaking AC running and it gets freaking hot, even at nite after just a few mins in the restaurant...but I guess it's worth the sacrifice for some good ramen
I've now had all three types of ramen and the shoyu is my favorite.  I tried this one last because I was expecting it to be very salty; that was not the case.  It's a bit saltier than the miso and tonkotsu versions, but at the same time it also had the most pork flavor, making for a delicious combo with the chashu.  I really want to give this place five stars because I'm now a Monta Ramen addict, but like I said in my earlier review I'm not very experienced with ramen.
Yup, I went to Monta again.... 
This time I had 'Hiyashi Chuka(Cold Noodle)' & 'Small Bowl of Chashu'! 
I loved it!! The ponzu sauce for the cold noodle was very citrus and just right. I'm wondering if they are making the homemade ponzu at their place instead of using the sauce from the bottle :) The hint of sesame oil was really blended into the dish and I was happy with the amount of the vegetables that they served with the noodle. 

The chashu is a popular topping for the ramen, but I wanted to try with my rice this time. The chashu bowl comes with several piece of fried pork, chopped dried seaweed, and chopped green onion on top of rice. It was sooooo good!  I think I am sometimes very superstitions. Whenever I eat rice, I gobbled every grain in my bowl . My mom taught me to finish all the rice and eventually it will bring a good luck?! I still feel like that little girl :) Anyways, the dish was so tasty that I finished it all. 

The server always welcoms customers with big smile :p  By the way, I happened to see the owner of Sushi Mon who was helping the kitchen staffs that day..,and the waitress said it's own by him.. What a great success! :-p
I am no connoisseur on Japanese food or ramen, but this place really has me addicted lately.  I found it while browsing reviews on Yelp, and Yelp was right on target!  

The place is quite small, seating maybe 30 people, including the bar.  During lunch, there is a wait to get seated.  The cooks are out in the open, similar to the sushi bar trend.  I've always had good service, although sometimes there is a little bit of a communication problem... my English isn't so good sometimes! ;-)  But that's never annoyed me because I love the soups here.

So far I have only tried the Tonkatsu. I ordered with extra pork, egg, and (I know, shame on me), butter.  you can also order extra noodles if you aren't a big broth eater.  The Tonkatsu is, I believe, a pork based broth.  Its thick (for a broth), a little salty (but not too salty), and very flavorful.  The pork was cut very thinly, and was so juicy, almost buttery.  I barely had to chew it.  Now, I am no expert in homemade noodles or anything, but the noodles for me were quite good... filling and tasty.  

I can't wait to try the other two main ramen dishes they have.  I know now isn't the perfect time for hot ramen, but I'll make an exception to that rule for this place any time!
This was this weeks "Yelpalicious Dishes" meetup with my trusty food friend, Elnino.

I have wanted some good Hakata style tonkatsu broth ($6.95) for a while and have been excited about this opening for a while. I grabbed this with some extra chashu slices ($2.50, 4 slices) and my favorite Asian drink, Calpico. Was worried about service from early reviews but our server was nice and we had reasonably good service. The place is small, so big parties better call. Very simple, homey decor. 

Onto "tha bizness"- 

Definitely people who do not like salt should skip ramen since it's presence is there. I do not think it was overwhelming, just the right amount and balanced everything well. The broth was thick, creamy,balanced. It wasn't as strong as some other Hakata style I've had....its somewhere between a Hakata to me and a Kumamoto which is a milder tonkatsu broth. I like to add a bit of chili oil in mine and occasionally some sesame or garlic to my ramen. I tried with and without the condiments and either way was nice. For true Hakata style try some beni shoga (red pickled ginger) and sesame with it. 

They gave me the thin style ramen (think angel hair pasta) which it never noted on the menu and sadly I didn't read Yelp first to know this bit of info. I wanted to have the thicker noodles. Tonkatsu noodles are the straight kind, but I've normally had thicker kind served to me. Oh well. Still, decent noodles, had good bite but prefer the chewier thicker ramen. Ask for the "curly" ramen if you like thicker ramen. 

The chashu is cut thinner than usual which was kinda a bust since I paid the extra $2.50 to have 4 deli thin pieces. It was good, nice fat rim that was melty and flavorful, but I don't think the extra was priced right for that portion. Extras is where any place gets you though. 

As for the price on the bowl itself- very fair considering the work put into making the broth, making chashu, etc. It might be considered "small" but I think much of us have the big bowl syndrome from pho places. Pho does not take as much effort to make the broth and is cheaper to make.

Is this the best I've ever had? No. I grew up in LA near spots like Santouka and visited and ate my way through ramen alleys of Japan. I think I've eaten the Holy Grail of ramen long ago made with love from a creaky old man who dedicated his life to the perfect bowl. 

Does that fact ruin this place for me? No way. I love that someone entered into the niche market of ramen. It still has the essence of flavors I'm looking for. If I compared everything to going back to the places of the foods origin and be all upset about it, I would be a bitter and unsatisfied person. I am a fan and this is probably one of the best places to get ramen in town. I will be coming back really soon!
Best Japanese original ramen place in Las Vegas! When they opened, I could not stop going there..I love their noodles and soup taste.
I usually don't like anything not spicy...but even with no spicy taste..still good and tasty!Very nice...I love this noodle house!
I am Japanese from Japan. I can tell you that ramen here is probably the best ramen you can find in Vegas. Taste is pretty close to what you can find in Japan. Five star for me.
One word: Tonkatsu! 

Deelish! Great broth, wonderful noodles, melt in your mouth roast pork and crunchy green onions! 

I can't wait to go back and try the Miso which I have heard it is better in flavor.
Went there tonight with hubby and friend.  We ordered two tonkotsu ramen, one miso ramen, a side of chashu, an order of gyoza, and three beers on tap, total came out to $31.14 not bad.  

The gyoza was very tasty, chashu nice and tender, noodles were great, and the broth was alright nothing spectacular (better with the grated garlic they give you).   I like to put gyoza in my ramen (kinda like wonton mein or mandoo kook soo), there's something about dumplings in broth that makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside (my comfort food).  

It is hot in there and eating hot ramen does not help, my husband couldn't wait to get out of there.   Service was fast and friendly.  So far best ramen in Vegas.
Talk about ramen noodle supreme!  The first time I went to this place was on a Monday.  I ordered the Tonkatsu and got addicted!  They only provide 4 pieces of pork in the soup, so I had to order extra.  I was so hooked that I came back two days later. 

The place and menu is really small (and lacked some a/c), but the food was well worth it.   Reasonable prices too.
I know, I was here on Tuesday. 

BF has been out sick the whole week and thought a good broth would do him some good. He liked the tonkatsu and thought the brother was quality. He even suggested we bring his mom and grandma here. That is always a good sign. 

New thing I tried was the pork belly bowl. The rice bowl just has thin slices of belly with some diced green onions, long shave "premium" green onion, and red ginger. Its fatty, but not overwhelming in such little slices. It's flavored more delicately than chashu, which has a more "porky" cut of meat. Little bit of furikake, and vinegar to my liking and it was quite nice. 

Service is again quite friendly. I think Japanese ladies demeanor is so cute!
I have been hearing great things about this place. So finally my boyfriend and I decided to try it. The weather wasn't too hot and I was craving ramen. I had seen other reviews about there being no AC and that got me worried. But it turned out to not be too bad.

I like how the restaurant is very simple and the menu isn't extensive. That's a good sign that the few things on the menu are done well.

We both ordered the tonkotsu ramen and an extra order of chashu (4 more pieces). The broth was deeelish. And I was so glad we ordered the extra chashu. It was flavorful and so tender. And the noodles were just right.

We will be coming back here again and again, to try the different broths and toppings. I can't wait!
Ordered to go. Absolutely horrible.  I have never had ramen so bad. The noodles were not cooked! Never going back. I called the shop the same day, and I am still waiting for the Owner to call me back. Total rip off of money.
Can't say enough good things about this place... I actually joined yelp  just to write a review. 

I travel very frequently & always try to seek out the best Ramen / noodle houses in the cities I visit often as I'm a noodle junkie. I don't know why it took me so long to find Monta, though I'm really happy I did as I'm in Vegas every other week. 

Firstly, the greeting and staff are extremely friendly - which really surprised me in a positive way considering Monta is located in Chinese town (an area I typically expect to be underwhelmed by service). Very attentive and happy - I left in such a better mood than I arrived!

I sat at the comfortable wooden bar & ordered the Miso Ramen with extra chashu. It was nice to watch the 2 cooks prepare the bowls ordered before mine as it was immediately clear that they were dedicated to the quality of preparation, ingredients and timing to ensure their guests received a perfect serving. In between orders I watched one cook prep and truss the pork for slow roasting & was impressed with the skill.

My bowl arrived as a perfect portion & nicely presented. I only added a dash or two of the toasted sesame seeds & a dash of the chili powder that were part of a good array of seasonings available to personalize the noodles to your taste. I like that.

The broth was truly wonderful: rich and creamy while carrying a fresh pork flavor. Noodles were nicely cooked, although a little thinner than I find my favorite to be (Santouka still purveys the finest noodle I have come across). The definite star of the bowl were the delicate and chashu slices that pinch perfectly into the grip of the chopsticks! The flavor, texture, and quality of this moist pork is truly superb.

Suffice to say that Monta has immediately become a favorite here in Vegas; a city where the experience usually fails to measure up to the hype.

Enjoy.
How they make ramen so damn creamy? Better not be lard..
i saw that there was a new Ramen shop in Las Vegas so I decided to check it out.  from the outside it doesnt look like much and the inside is no different.  You would say its just a hole in the wall place.  they have a very limited menu since the kitchen is so small and thats understandable.  
I ordered the Shoyu Ramen, Gyoza and the small Fried Rice.  I was amazed by how delicious it was.  I am japanese so I like a good Ramen from time to time.  The Gyoza (potstickers) was home made.  Trust me I have eaten enough store bought Gyozas to know the difference.  Oh! and the Fried Rice was very tasty as well not mushy like other places.  Each grain of rice perfectly seperated from eachother..  
With that being said the only 2 turn offs is the price.  althouggh a lot of the pricing is dead on correct.  there are few items on the menu that i feel is over priced for the amount they give.  another thing is the temperture inside the restaurant.  i guess they dont have any ac so they use a fan to cool down the room.  after eating hot soup i started sweating like a horse.  
Overall I am satisfied with the product and i will be going back to eat again... That's for sure...
Stopped here after eating at Raku because my fiance was still hungry.  The ambience is not fancy but the noodles are SUPERB.  The ramen noodles were excellent - cooked perfectly.  The chashu was delish, practically melted in our mouths and the broth was super tasty.
Their service was very nice and friendly unlike Ippudo in NYC which claims to have the best ramen noodles.  Personally, I don't think they deserve a 1 minute wait, never mind the craziness of 2 hours - and rude on top of that.

I can only hope that Monta opens up a spot in NYC.  If you even remotely like ramen - you have to go there when you are in Las Vegas.
I've been to Raku a bunch of times, and a friend of mine mentioned that the noodle shop next door was worth a trip in its own right...  Boy, was he right!

This tiny little noodle shop (I think they might only seat like 25) has a counter and like 4 small tables.  The menu is limited to 3 types of noodle soup, a couple of entrees and some sides.  

I ordered the miso noodle soup with an egg...  Perfectly done noodles in a rich, perfectly seasoned broth, served with a few slices of pork and some vegetables mixed in...  and the egg... AMAZING.  They have somehow figured out how to boil an egg so that the white is fully cooked, yet the center is slightly thinkened yet runny, and served it on top of my noodle soup, cut in half like a hard boiled egg.  Fascinating and delicious.

This place is definitely making it into my lunch rotation.  SOOO GOOD.
The 5 star bump up is courtesy of my mom and grandma in law loving this place. My mom in law doesn't like Asian foods, but grandma does since she grew up in Indonesia. BF and I are food adventurous- them not so much. It's sometimes a struggle sometimes finding new places to please everyone so when they're happy with something, it makes me very happy. 

We like to bring them out of their comfort zone and let them explore a bit. They shared a tonkatsu ramen and a pork belly bowl. They said it was the best soup and best pork they ever had. 

BF tried the Miso ramen- it is similar in profile that it is still the creamy brother like the tonkatsu but the added miso paste just add some sweetness. It's good but just whatever you're more into will determine the best soup: tonkatsu- savory/saltier, miso- sweeter and cuts the saltiness down a bit. They are very similar though. 

I went a different route and got the hiyashi chuka which is listed on a white board (not on the menu) as "cold noodle salad". The cold noodles come with julienned cucumbers, tomato, kikurage mushrooms, pork slices, half a egg. It has a ponzu sauce and has a smudge of karachi mustard on the side of the bowl to add as you wish (a little adds a perfect kick to everything). I also got a small chasu bowl too which is topped with some green onion and nori. 

The service is friendly and attentive. I always appreciate places that have very nice servers. I have a habit of talking about the service and I think maybe I should start actually naming good servers so that maybe businesses can pay attention to who in their staff is doing things right. Miki ( pulled these off receipts) just happened to be our server each time. :-)

Update 9/13
Brought my mom in law and grandma for lunch. They didn't hesitate to say to eat here since they love the tonkatsu ramen and the pork belly bowl. I got hiyashi chuka again since I love that dish and they do it well here. I also got a mini mentaiko bowl. Not for everyone, but I like spicy roe and rice.

Update 10/26
Nothing better than soup on a crappy day. Shoyu Ramen this time. It's good. I think Tonkatsu is my favorite, but I'll order this again. Sometimes I feel a bit of variety. I always get a belly bowl though :-) It's noms.

Update 11/07 
Tried doing half shoyu and half tonkatsu broth. You can now order it as such. Keep in mind this has the skinny noodles and not the curly ones incase you prefer one or the other. I think this is my favorite broth. Tonkatsu is delicious- but it's rich. Shoyu is good- but it's a bit lighter than I want. Marry the two together and it's a really nice inbetween flavor and consistency. This is what I'll be ordering from now on. I will try to ask if I can do a shoyu miso as well since I think that would be a good, more delicate balance. 

Update 11/16
Got a belly bowl, but also tried their gyoza. It's pan fried, nothing too exciting about them, just what you'd expect a gyoza to be like. I was in the mood for them, but not something I'd get often I think.
Ok so before I came to this place the only other ramen I had eaten was the classic meal of cheap college students, so keep in mind I am in no way an expert on authentic ramen. That said, this place is delicious!! I've had the tonkatsu ramen both times and each time it was great, tried the egg addition once and the extra green onions. I would get the green onions again, the egg was a little much for me. Either way the broth has an amazing smooth creamy like texture for a pork broth, the noodles are cooked perfectly, the service is timely and very polite, and they have some amazing iced oolong tea. I can't wait for it to get cooler out so I can come here even more often.
So far I've tried their miso and soy sauce based ramen and they were "wonderbar!"  On the menu, you have the option of adding corn, a hard boiled egg, and scallions to your ramen; so its almost like a make your own ramen type deal.  I loved the shoyu (i think thats what it was called) ramen. Amazing flavors to go along with the corn, egg, and onions I added to my ramen. 
The second time I came, I had the miso ramen which was good but I didn't expect the broth to be as thick as it was.  I also asked for extra noodles that I thought was already thrown into the soup but it actually came on the side.  For $2.50 extra, I had more than enough noodles and just saved the rest for later. 
As for the interior, its quite small but mimics the feel of how a real Japanese restaurant would be. Service is super nice and its in a good central location. So I'll be here a lot more often now that I've discover it. Thanks fellow Yelpers!!!
WE HEART YOU monta ramen!!!!' these noodles will change your life! Best new restaurant winner this year for shua!
Stopped by this place on a way back from Red Rock. It was full of middle-aged Japanese guys that were apparently refueling after Sunday golf.

I had a Miso ramen with some kind of a 'special roasted pork'. It was pretty good but I can hardly say that I was blown away (like quite a few reviewers of this place). It was just OK.
The family visited Monta tonight. It was "A-OK" experience.

Tonkatsu soup way too greasy, we are talking about 1/4 inch of floating fat on top.  I have an high tolerance of fat, but this is too much.
YUM YUM YUM! 

My friend's cousin recommended this place to me. She has family in Vegas and this is one of her favorite hole in the wall spots.

When I first walked in, I wasn't too sure about the place. No air conditioning, just a fan. The place is super tiny. We ordered the chashu bowl, fried rice, and tonkotsu ramen. 

The pork in the chashu bowl and tonkotsu ramen melts in you mouth. It is THAT delicious. Both had very good flavor. The fried rice also was very good. All the food felt like it was home-made and in a very positive way. It brought back the comforts of home.

When I am back in town, I will for sure do my best to visit this place.

 I really wish there was a place like this in San Diego.
Finally got around to visiting the latest addition to ramen houses in Vegas - Monta Noodle House.  Conveniently located on Spring Mountain, right next to the super busy Raku.  (Smart business choice I would say.)

This place is bare bones - as in minimal tables and a bar, so don't come with a large group.  Their super simple menu gets you in and out fast!  (A couple who came in around the same time we did had ordered, gotten their food, finished, paid and left by the time we were eating ours.)

I went for their most popular dish - Tonkotsu Ramen ($6.95).  The main component is the broth, which is made up of boiling pork bones, fat, and collagen for hours.  This results in a cloudy white broth and would usually have the consistency of a thin gravy.  It automatically comes with two slices of char sui, takenoko (bamboo sprouts), kikurage (type of mushroom), and green onions.  Their char siu (barbecued pork) definitely isn't like the Chinese kind, but definitely tasty.

The Husband went for the Miso Ramen ($7.25), which is ultimately bean paste blended with the pork broth giving it a richer flavor.  This was also good, and quite filling.

We also shared a regular order of the Pork Belly Bowl ($5.75).  It sits on a bed of rice, with fresh scallions and pickled red ginger.  I adore pork belly and the next time I come here, I'm going to order a dish of this all to myself.  It's fatty and good.  

A side dish we added on was the Takana Mustard Leaf ($1.50).  You can have this on the side or in your broth.  It's pickled mustard greens that may or may not be to your liking.  It's adds a different texture and taste to your ramen.  Other toppings you can add on included nitamago (seasoned hard boiled egg), corn, butter, kimchee, and more char siu or green onions.

There's only one other kind of ramen they offer here - Shoyu, which means soy sauce based.  You can also add extra noodles for $2 more if you save your soup and ask for "Kaedama."  Other dishes available are gyoza, fried rice, kim chee fried rice, takana fried rice, cha siu bowl, and mini mentaiko (marinated polluck roe).

Service was good.  With two waitresses, they keep the flow of business going great and refilled beverages as needed.  It's not the best place to loiter with the limited seating and all, but definitely a great place to grab a quick bite and go.

Update!  
I returned the following month for my own bowl of the Pork Belly Bowl.  This time the pork belly was sliced thinner, which wasn't to my personal preference.  Guess it depends on who is working the kitchen that day.
I just came back from japan and this is really close to being the real thing.    I've tried all broths (shoyu, miso, tonkotsu) and they're all very good.  Fried rice and the bowls are all legit.  All Japanese staff.  Best thing thats happened to Vegas since Raku.
Their cold noodle salad is amazing!!! Since it was over 100 degrees outside i didnt want a hot bowl of ramen and their cold noodle salad didnt disappoint. Very flavorful. 

The only bad thing is that their restaurant is TINY. Theres only room for 4 tables and some seats at the counter. Also our waitress didnt speak much english so when we asked her to explain some stuff on the menu she couldnt really tell us. But thats ok because everything was delicious.
Very Clean tasting. Pleasing meal.
Hands down, best ramen in town! Go try it now!!!
One Word. SAIKOU!
Tonkotsu ramen is damn good! I drove out to Vegas from L.A. just for the ramen. On my trip ,I had to go twice in one day. They need to bring the shop out to LA. please!
Alright, I came here with a party of 4 on a weeknight.  First impression, the parking lot was dark, the stores adjacent to the place was even darker and this place was open with nobody inside; couldn't even see the staff. 

Instant O.o

Went inside, VERY simple interior kinda like a template style for restaurants with no outstanding unique traits for a ramen place.  I've eaten all over little tokyo in LA and cities around there so I know what good ramen taste like.  The food was slightly above par, but maybe it's cause what i'm used to. =/

However, i can say this place is up there as the top ramen places compared to the others I've tried, although to some, it may not mean much.
I was really excited to try this place when my wife said she heard about a new ramen joint that serves Hakata tonkotsu ramen.

The restaurant is minimalist with very little seating and is located next door to Raku. We generally don't sweat the decor, or lack thereof, as long as the food is good.

They offer shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu ramen and several other items on their menu. We ordered the tonkotsu, of course, which was $7 for a small-medium sized bowl. They used the thin white classic tonkotsu ramen noodles which were decent but lacked the elasticity or chewy "freshness factor" of other places we've tried. As my wife will attest to, I like my food salty and flavorful, but their broth was a bit too salty, even for me. It had an earthy shiitake mushroom flavor but was lacking in the porky flavor and richness of a good tonkotsu broth. Neither of us cared to slurp up any of the broth once we were done with the noodles. I found the two pieces of chashu were mediocre at best. They were somewhat tough and fatty and had this unusual ring of gelatin around the edges.

This place is arguably the best ramen place in Vegas that we have found so far. Unfortunately that also isn't saying very much. A mere year ago, both of us would probably have been more than satisfied with Monta. Damn you Ichiran for making ramen snobs out of us and forever raising our ramen bar! The search continues for better ramen in Vegas...
When I ate here one Saturday in July I was the only person eating at Monta Noodles House. Today at lunch there were only seats open at the bar. Oh the power of YELP is almighty! 

Yes the ramen is delicious and the broth is soo yummy. It's so yummy and damn addicting I was urning for more as I stared at my empty bowl of what use to be my bowl tonkotsu ramen. 

Next time I'll order the extra noodles or maybe an egg!
So after getting sweets from Ronald's to enjoy after dinner, we hit up Monta for some ramen action...My wife ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen with egg, chashu, and corn. I ordered the Miso Ramen with egg and extra chashu. We also got a side of Gyoza and I tried the mini "Mentaiko"(Fish Eggs over rice with nori and sesame seeds

The Mentaiko was simple and good with a slight heat at the end, the gyoza was okay. Both the miso and Tonkotsu ramen were also good but
these guys are pretty slick about jacking up the price of your order with the add on toppings just like some pizza joints do.

Monta is pretty decent but its nothing like spots in Cali or Back home in Hawaii.....Makes me miss Shiro's and Ezogiku even more...ALOHA!!!
Last week I ate at Monta four nights out of seven. I don't think I'll ever get tired of their delicious ramen - only three different options, but with many toppings available. And if I do, I'll move onto the kimchi fried rice or pork bowl. The gyoza are pretty meh though. I won't get those again. 

I'm so glad there's finally a simple, authentic Japanese ramen spot in Vegas. It's small, it's hot and it's usually crowded. Like the best ramen places in L.A. I used to drive the five hours just to get a bowl, now I can hit up this place between trips. Huzzah.
Started off with the Gyoza and to me they were like a glorified pot sticker. Enjoyed some oolong tea, in a can, wish it was made in the building but i still liked it. 
I had the Tonkotsu Ramen with Nitamago(Egg) and Chasu(Pork). It was was something I was not expecting, that's for sure. It has a very satisfying flavor that just made you "smile" after that first mouthfull . I added a little of the fresh garlic cuz i love me some garlic. I will definately be be back, looking forward to the colder months for that hit the spot meal
Really good and authentic starting at the price of $6.95. You can add more ingredients to your ramen. I always get the tonkatsu ramen. I love their iced green tea. Their gyozas really good. The restaurant is cozy and and small. Their staff is really nice and attentive. An excellent hole in the wall gem.
This review is long overdue, as this is one of those places that I keep forgetting to review even though I eat there quite often.  Monta is my favorite Ramen house in town, and is the best that I have tried.  The broth is deep, full-bodied, creamy, and very meaty.  This broth is what is missing from many Ramen places.  The noodles have very nice texture, which is what I mainly look for in the noodles.  

I usually get the Tonkastu Ramen with a little extra Roasted Pork, but I like the Miso Ramen, too.  The Miso is also very good, but just different.  I would characterize the Miso as sweeter, and I usually prefer the meatier broth to the sweet broth, but that's just me.  I also love that all the Ramen's are below $7, I believe.  I think I usually pay around 6.95 for the Ramen, so it's a great deal.  
I have also tried the Pork Belly Bowl, which I really like.  I always try to order pork belly wherever I see it, and Monta's did not disappoint.  
I also like to get their canned, chilled Oolong Tea.  I think they have a couple other types, but I usually just get the Oolong.  

If you like Ramen, you should definitely check out Monta.  But if you don't like soup, noodles, or any combination of these, I wouldn't come because most of their menu is Ramen.
It amazes me how adding one vegetable (s) or without can add or miss the flavor of the delicious Monta Noodles offered.

I finally tried Miso and I thought it was amazing and actually has a better taste than Tonkatsu. Only I prefer the straight noodles served with Tonkatsu instead of curly Ramen noodles with Miso.  With my Miso, I had green onions, corn and takana mustard leaf! The taste was flavorful and decadent with a touch of spice! 

The following week, I ordered my Miso with my favorite noodle along with my extra vegetable components just like my last visit but forgot to add the mustard green. I swore up and down to the chef that they gave me Tonkatsu because Miso was spicy last time.  Well, after a discussion with the chef we realized that the takana mustard leaf presented the spicy flavor to the broth, which was forgotten! 

I am astonished how one element can change the flavors! 

Cheers to the chef for helping me figure that out and making a fresh batch of Miso with my extra kicks.

Monta Monta....You know you wanna Monta Monta!
first of all, I would like for the lame reviewers who keep on misspelling the word to stop doing it.

ton kOtsu, NOT ton kAtsu    O =/= A

tonkOtsu means pork bone because they use pork bones to make that white/cream-colored broth.  Ton kAtsu is a pork katsu, or fried pork with panko.  Please get this straight and never confuse the two as they are completely different things.  

I've been here many times.  Although both tokotsu and miso are good (haven't tried shoyu), I personally prefer the tonkotsu for the straight, thin noodles.

It's cheap, authentic, and filling especially if you order kaedama, or extra noodle.  please don't expect them to give you extra soup/broth when you odrder kaedama.  it's just noodles by definition.  If you want more soup, then order another one.  

I was hoping that his place will continue to exist as this is somewhat of a niche food, but I'm happy to see it being supported by many non-Japanese and continue to do well.
I love Ramen, but have no idea why its so expensive for a bowl of noddles compared to other bowl of noddles! 

This place came highly recommended and boy was it good. It was probably one of the better bowls of ramen that I have had. 

I truly feel that with any noodle soup, the soup is where it makes or breaks it. The broth here was excellent. It was flavorful, clean, and well balance. The one thing that threw me off were the noodles. I'm use to the regular ramen noodle size, but they appear to have given me the super fine ramen noodles. My friend who order the same broth as I did got the same noodles as I did, but everyone else got the regular noodles. Either way it was good, if I was to come back I would just ask for the regular noodles. 

I added extra meat and an egg. I wish the egg was standard like most places. 

Overall, great quality. One star off for the small portions.
This charming restaurant offering the best ramen in Vegas is located two doors down from Raku in the Seoul Plaza on Spring Mountain, and could be one of the smallest restaurants in the city. Monta is actually so pea-sized that if you come during peak times you'll almost certainly have to wait before you can sit down. Don't let this be a deterrant, just keep it in mind before you go, and get there quickly before even more people find out about it.

Half of the restaurant is an open kitchen, so your dinner music consists of the clanking of woks and pans accompanied by the chatter of the waitresses, cooks, and other patrons. You can sit at the bar if you really want to be part of the action, or if none of the five tables are available. Though the vibe is nice and busy, the waitresses are sweet and won't rush you through your meal.

There are three types of ramen to choose from; Tonkatsu (rich, cloudy, almost creamy broth); Shoyu (light and delicate soy sauce based broth); and Miso (somewhere in the middle of the other consistencies and tastes like...miso). The Shoyu and Miso ramen come with chewy, thicker noodles which I much prefer in texture and taste to the thinner, less al dente noodles that come in the Tonkatsu (you can sub if you like). All three varieties of the ramen cost around $7 and also come with chasu (tender, roasted, fatty pork), scallions, kikurage (mushroom), takenoko (bamboo shoots), and scallions. You can then customize your ramen with little extras that include perfectly coddled egg, butter, more pork, and my personal favorite, Takana, or pickled mustard leaf. These don't cost a lot, so customize away. Also, be sure to add some of the fantastic accoutrement residing in your condiment tray such as pickled ginger strips and minced garlic.

You won't find much other than ramen on the menu, just a handful of appetizers and sides. Of these I've had the gyoza ($5.95), which were excellent one time but not cooked correctly another, and fried rice with takana. The fried rice is almost as good as the ramen, so if you aren't in the mood for soup get this instead. Another plus is cheap beer ($2.50 for domestic).

I can't think of any other meal I'd rather enjoy on a cold day than a steaming bowl of hearty home-made soup, so I plan on going to Monta frequently this winter. If it continues to get even busier, however, I may be taking it to go in a perfectly packed parcel. I brought ramen home for my husband once and was amazed at the care put into ensuring the soup would be just as good at home as it is in the restaurant. The noodles were wrapped in their own little pouch, waiting to be cooked until they reached our stove, and all the other ingredients were individually wrapped to keep them in their peak state. Attention to detail really separates the boys from the (ra)men.
I know it's always a good sign when after 2 bites my boyfriend and I are are fervently discussing who we need to bring back. Monta has been bookmarked for months and I'm glad we finally visited because it's been too long since I have had good ramen in my life.

The place is small, like a few of the other ramen places I have been to outside of Vegas. There are maybe 4-5 tables total and bar seating. The menu is small, two palm sized sheets of paper with a few items per page. I normally am happy with smaller menus because I can never make up my mind, so this was just the way it was supposed to be. 

I am more familiar with tonkatsu  ramen, so I ordered a tonkatsu ramen with tamago (hard boiled egg). When the bowls came out I knew I was in for a treat-they looked beautiful and exactly the perfect portion for lunch. The broth was nice and thick, with an excellent pork flavor to it. Most of the time, I feel as if a lot of ramen spots add salt to broth to make up for lacking flavor; Monta's salt level is just right, because there is a true rich pork flavor to their broth. The noodles were pleasantly chewy, and the vegetables were all thinly sliced to easily edible portions. The pork slices themselves were thin, bordered by pieces of fat and a thick flavorful smoke ring. The egg was a fun addition as well. 

We ordered some soda, which was $1, and the ramen with egg was $8.95. This is an under $10 meal! I cannot wait to go back and try the pork belly bowl and ramen different ways. The service was pleasant and attentive, the whole place screams "zen:" the simple white bowls and matching spoons, the small menu, the presentation of the food. And how can you not be at peace here with a belly full of noodles and a thick wallet?
I have previously mentioned that I subconsciously have high ramen expectations.  But for some reason, this place just somehow managed to smash that.

I was first taken here on something of a whim.  We were going somewhere else, then the plans changed.  I'll admit, I was definitely not happy about it, as I know that any ramen place has a 90% chance of disappointing me.  But the second I walked in, I was taken aback to the tiny ramen shops back in Japan, with 1 long bar and a few tables.  Immediately my attitude changed for the good.  I looked at the menu, just 3 kinds of ramen, but you really don't need an exotic variety, just the ones you're really good at making.

Being kinda picky, I had ordered the Miso ramen, but with no mushroom or bamboo shoots, and added an egg and corn.  The soup came, and I did my usual broth test and was very surprised to find it was really good to me.  I added some sesame oil and went to town.  The egg was a nice addition, and the corn just reminded me of the food in Japan.  

I was highly satisfied by the food and the place.  I will definitely be back again.
I have been looking for a place in Las Vegas to grab some good ramen for a very long time, and up until now I have yet to be very satisfied. After hearing so much about Monta me and a few friends decided to check the place out rather than go with our usual Tuesday night plan of getting wing Tuesdays at buffalo wild wings.

We get to the parking lot and this place is pretty much something that you definitely had to hear about to come find because it was buried inside a small restaurant complex which I have passed a million times but never really noticed. The venue is very small. According to the max capacity sign it could only hold about 26 people but on a Tuesday night, it wasn't very busy.

As I was browsing the menu, I wasn't too excited. I was hoping that they would have a larger selection of different ramen because all of the previous places I had been to had at least 7-8 different kinds. Monta however had 3 main types of ramen; Tonkatsu ramen, Miso ramen, and shoyu ramen. To go along with the ramen they had various different toppings you could add including boiled egg, extra slices of pork, more noodles, green onions among other things that I don't recall.

I ended up ordering the Miso ramen with a boiled egg and 4 extra slices of pork and upon taking my first bite I was instantly satisfied. This was the ramen place I had been hoping to find all along. The pork was amazing and the egg was cooked just right. The miso broth and the noodles, everything blended in together so nicely. An order for extra noodles were only $2.00 but unfortunately, I had eaten just a little bit before going here so I couldn't get more but I will definitely be coming back much more often especially now that winter is around the corner and a nice bowl of hot Miso ramen will do me some good.

Overall the meal cost me $10 which, considering all of the toppings i added, is very, very decently priced. I recommend this place to anyone who like me has been looking for really good Japanese ramen.
Dining in experience, soup is delicious.. To go experience not so good.. at work super hungry so I ordered ramen at Monta, picked up order and drove back to work. Open my lunch and to my amazement the noodles are not cook.. Called back asking why wasn't it cook they replied that they don't serve it cook but will only if ask. Told me next time you know to ask to cook noodle. lol WTF are you kidding me?!. never heard of ordering take out raw!!.
I haven't had great ramen in Vegas since
I was stationed in Japan and in finally found one.  "Oishi"
Its been years since I've tried a good Ramen Spot.. Thanks to the fellow Yelpers I got another go to spot for some great hot soup (other than Pho) for those cold/chilly nights..

I went here a couple days ago and decided to go for the suggested:

Tonkatsu - Broth was Tasty and Creamy, resembled a Miso type soup. Noodles were great. The Pork was awesome, it was extremely tender!

Shoyu - Broth was much darker than the Tonkatsu and had a slight soy sauce type flavor but a bit salty for my taste. Noodles great as well. The Pork definitely the highlight!

Pork Belly Bowl (Regular Size) - First of, I'm so glad I ordered the full size than the small. I love Yoshinoya Beef Bowls and this was a Glorified version of it! This is a 100% Must Try

Gyoza - Great Starter, just dip it in a bit of soy sauce and enjoy..
I love their ramen!! taste so fresh and something that you can't have in Las Vegas.
Its official; I made my quest here today and I'm already craving round 2. It's gooooood!

For those not in the know, I've been a ramen-iac since I was 12 and first learned how to cook myself a cup o' noodles. I spent several summers as a gawky teenager watching cartoons and gobbling noodles like a fiend. Over the years, and through thousands of packets of freeze-dried noodles I slurped onward. Kimchi flavor, Maruchan, Nissan, yam-noodles, dandan mien and instant jjangmyun, my adoration for the comfort of a big steaming bowl of chewy noodles drenched in broth steadily growing. I've tried Ichiza's, Shuseki's and making it myself- this tops the list. Ichiza's was close, but this place will most likely be my number one noodle-spot this winter. 

Coming up to the restaurant, I wouldn't have thought it was open if it weren't for the neon sign saying so. There's plenty of parking and it's right across the street from the shopping center with Shuseki. 

I sat at the bar as I was having lunch alone and wanted to see the action. One chef would feel out the proper amount of fresh noodles per bowl, roughly a fistful, and drop them into the boiling cauldron of water. On the other side was a large kettle of broth steaming away, ready at a moment's notice. In the background several men worked on various other tasks involving the pork and other side dishes. At the front of the bar was the Vegas Weekly magazine that mentioned them, as well as a Good-luck Kitty, which I thought was cute.

Today, I opted for the miso. At first I couldn't decide- I'd tried the miso flavors at other establishments, so should I continue the trend for consistency of comparison, or deviate and expand my horizons further. I opted for the miso with nitamago, or egg. It didn't take long before my noodles were politely presented to me.

The broth: Super porky. No MSG taste at all. Rich miso flavor-seemed like it was all white [sweet] miso. Great depth of flavor, with an intense, buttery mouth feel. Hit all the right notes and was intensely satisfying. Tastes like homemade.

Noodles: Al dente egg noodles. Chewy and lots of them! Much better than anything instant with great slurpability. 

The egg: Beautifully cooked, creamy and custardy, it added an entirely new level of complexity to the broth and had an exceptional texture. Ichiza's eggs are close, but the one I had here was supple and gelatinous, cooked slowly and well. It was easily the best egg I've had in a restaurant this year. 

Pork: My bowl came with 2 slices of succulent, fall-apart tender pork. I could pull bite-size pieces off using my chopsticks. Thousands of times better than the terrifying piece of pork we were served at Shuseki. The pieces were thin, but I was satisfied with the amount I was given. You can always order more if you're willing to pay the additional charge. 
 
Extras: The ramen comes with bamboo shoots, a few pieces of mushroom and a mountain of green onion. You can also add minced garlic paste, benishoga [red pickled ginger], sesame oil, furikake mix, sesame seeds, what looked like vinegar & a couple of other options are available either through the menu or asking your server.

I found the portion large enough for a late brunch, tiding me over for hours and powering me through a trip to the dog park with 3 rowdy puppies. I'm extremely satisfied and happy with the meal I had here, and I bragged to several of my friends. I'm looking forward to trying the shoyu flavor next, as well as trying the spicy greens with it. 

I'll be back very soon!
Whenever I wanted to eat ramen in Las Vegas the best option was to stay home and cook a bag of Maruchan. Why is that you ask? Because at least then I'm already prepared to be disappointed. The ramen scene in Vegas is not that great, there are few choices of where to go and even fewer options of what type to order.

Hearing from my friends that we were planning to visit a new ramen place I got quite excited. Were we finally going to find a place worth eating ramen at after all these years? The simple answer, yes.

As soon as I walked into Monta I knew that this was going to be a place we would eat again. The decor was simplistic in nature and at the same time very enchanting. There were few seats, maybe 26 at most, but you didn't feel cramped at all. We chose to sit at the bar seating and got a great view of the chefs at work.

A first look at the menu told me that there were three different types of ramen to choose from. This may not seem like a lot but accompanying that was a decent sized list of sides that you can add for a small price. As my nickname is Miso, I decided to stay true to it and order the miso ramen. I requested no bamboo shoots or mushrooms, that come with the order at no extra cost along with some slices of pork. I also decided to add an egg to my order because egg in my opinion makes everything better.

The staff there was very upbeat and happily took our orders. They were very chatty with each other, but not in a bad way. This is the kind of staff that you know they enjoy their work. If anyone needed a refill on their drink the staff was very quick to notice and refill them without any trouble.

As the food arrived all of us looked at our food putting off the first bite in fear of being disappointed once again by another bowl of ramen, boy were we wrong. The first bite was amazing and with that we began to devour our dinner with gusto. The flavor of the miso was a little on the salty side but not so much to over power it. The noodles were prepared well and the texture was enjoyable. The egg that I had ordered did not disappoint, and the pork was a pleasure to eat. The size of the order was enough to make me content. Had I wanted more there was an option for more noodles for $2.00, which is not that bad at all.

Overall the experience at Monta was a great one. It may not be the best ramen out there, but it is for sure the best ramen you are going to find here in Vegas. The pricing is reasonable, the order came out to under $10.00, and the food did not disappoint. If you are looking for some good ramen, Monta is the place to go in town! We will most definitely be making return visits in the future!
Did you ever think there would be such a restaurant here in an "all-nighter city" that cooks and serves Ramen noodles? Yes, there is tucked in-between small shops along Spring Mountain Road or otherwise known as "Chinatown" in Vegas.

As you may or may not know it', "Ramen" noodles is one of Japanese noodles invented in 1958 by Japan's Nissin Foods. These are thin, ribbon-like, lightweight, calorie-rich, tasty, and cheap that can be bought in packs of 1 or 10 (you can find them in your Asian or Oriental grocery near you or in any of your college friend's pantry). It's one of those quick cook-it-up soups.

It's rather an eccentric choice of mine to dine in this place with my Mom last night around 6 p.m. on a very rainy night in Vegas. Soup is the answer to the cold, wet rain! Ramen is kind-of over-the-top in this restaurant!

With a sweet, smiling greeting from the waitress, "Moshi, moshi!" in Japanese, which translates to "Hello" or rather "Welcome!" (I have learned a few Japanese greetings in high school and  having been to Tokyo before, the greeting didn't sound "foreign"). It brought a smile to my lips, I knew I would have a good dining experience. 

The restaurant is small and cozy but cheerful with minimalist Japanese style decor including the bathroom's interior design was contemporary Japanese. There are table seatings and bar-like seating available. Menu is simple. Three choices of Ramen noodle soups in "Tonkotsu Ramen" (pork bone), "Shoyu Ramen" (soy paste), and "Miso Ramen" (bean paste). Nothing else to confuse any soup-hungry soup-lover. A list of toppings for the noodles soup for an extra charge, 8 "Other Dishes", 4 kinds of cold beverages, 2 kinds of beer choices, but no dessert and no hot beverages on the menu.

I ordered the house specialty soup which is the "Tonkatsu Ramen" Soup. It's very hearty soup in a thick, cloudy milk-like tasty broth. Topped with green onions, 3 slices of pork, bamboo shoots, and with kikurage (dried black mushrooms), I drizzled it with sesame seeds and hot spice powder. Oh, wow, there was no need for chewing the roast pork that melted in my mouth. Surely, the pork melts! Another dish I ordered was the "Mimi Mentaiko" which consists of Fish Cod Roe (or fish eggs which are red-orange in color is otherwise, caviar) with strips of nori seaweed and green onions topped on a bowl of steamed Japanese rice. Very appetizing, a sure favorite! The "Pork Belly Bowl" is also one dish you ought to try; delicious. As usual green tea on ice was my beverage pairing for these meals.

Funny thing...the cheerful smiling waitress who served us went to show her colleagues in the kitchen my soup bowl which made her shyly squeal in delight to show them all it was empty!! I caught a glimpse of the cook's smile.

Yes, I left nothing in the bowl, not even a drop of soup!
It must have been that I really love soup, or it was cold and wet outside or just that I needed to fill my belly...how can you go wrong in making such a choice to eat for the night. For a price that's easy on your pocket, aahemm! wallet...an excellent deal! "Arigato gozaimas!" (English translation is "Thank you!"), as we left the restaurant in good spirit!
Small menu, small joint, small prices. And yet, this place takes up a big place in my noodle-loving heart. Last night, a friend and I got things rolling with Asahi and an order of crispy-edged gyoza. The Asahi, by the way, is on tap. That's rare.

When the tonkatsu ramen arrived, I was afraid to dig in...at first, it just looked so pretty. The broth was cloudy and delicately shaded. Two large slices of tender pork lay atop a pile of ramen noodles. I got mine with a hardboiled egg - the two halves smiled up at me.

I really love ramen. It's a bowl of super happy. This is the best I've had in town. I have no idea what the spicy stuff in the shaker was (it was explained to me once, but that was between Asahis one and two), but a sprinkling of that and sesame seeds added punch and richness. When you eat this stuff, make sure to savor it. There's a lot of flavor going on in there.

So yeah. Pretty darn fantastic. I could imagine myself coming back, again and again...and I know what I'll pick up the next time I get the sniffles.
Just recently went to Monta Noodle House and I really enjoyed it. Coming down with a bit of a cold, this was the perfect place to begin the remedies!! Very quaint and cozy place, with very friendly staff. Great place for a cold/rainy evening, bowl of hot ramen noodles will make it all worth it! The Shoyu was really tasty, but I think next time I may try the Miso, sounded delicious. I'd definitely say a wonderful spot for any season!
I'm from Vegas and recently moved to Dallas but when I heard about this place from my friends, I immediately put it on my to-do list when I went home to visit. The noodes were so yummy! They weren't too soft or soggy but had that great bouncy bite to them.. then there was the pork and egg... the thought of it makes me hungry again! I do have to say though, stay away from gyoza. You can get MUCH better elsewhere. Mine were burnt and stuck together.
If anyone read my review on the ramen restaurant in Anaheim recently, I am so happy to announce that the wonderful ramen experience there has been found at Monta!

The one thing that made me fall in love with the other restaurant's ramen was the melt-in-your-mouth chasu.  Monta has just that.  Their ramen is delicious, the meat is wonderfully soft and flavorful, and their fried rice is do darn good.  I could eat four orders of their fried rice in one sitting!  

I'm glad that I found more traditional ramen in Vegas--finally!  Monta is one hell of a ramen restaurant.  I believe that I'm retiring from the other ramen places in Vegas and sticking with Monta from now on.  If you haven't tried it and were looking on yelp for some assistance as to whether or not you should--YOU SHOULD.

I fall for noodles made with love, and Monta serves a bowl of it every order they fill.  If I could serenade food, I'd ask Monta's ramen and chasu to marry me.
Whenever a craving for ramen hits , I usually went to togashi ramen. Since it closed been eating pho instead , not the same. While searching in yelp ran across monta noodle, with all the great reviews and the cool weather decided to give it a try .  God I wanted this to b good . I ordered the Tonkutso ramen .  Not impressed the soup was dull, the pork flavor did not jump out , kinda muddled flavors. Did not care for the noodles , don't know what type it was , but wife had the miso ramen and those noodles were the ones I'm used to eating little more rubbery bite(chewy). Even the miso ramen flavors were weak.  Also had the pork belly bowl , I liked the flavors of this dish jus wish the pork was sliced a little thicker.   The one good thing was the bill was only $21 . Service was good.
        I miss togashi ramen and their mabo tofu ramen :( , well the search goes on for ramen....
Been here a couple of times and it's so good.  I haven't tried the Miso Ramen yet so can't say much about that.  I've tried the Shoyu Ramen and Tonkatsu Ramen and both are AMAZING!!!  They give you a good amount of soup, not too little and not too much.  What makes it even better are the prices, they range from $6.95-$7.95...definitely affordable.

This place is small and only has a maximum occupancy of 26 but the wait is not long at all.  We came here on a busy night and only waited about 5 minutes.
My wife and I finally got to try this restaurant last night.  From all the reviews, we were excited to try this place out.  Wow!!  We are fans.  The tonkotsu and shoyu ramen were excellent.  The thick noodle was cooked to perfection. The broth, in my opinion even tastes better than some of the restaurants in Tokyo.  Also the char siu is very flavourful, but a little too thinly sliced.  The fried rice was also very good.  I am so happy that we finally have an authentic ramen noodle house in my backyard.  Will definitely be back for more delicious ramen and broth.   I want to give 4.5 stars but I can't.  1/2 star off for those thin sliced char siu.
Being a pretty lucky teen, I've had the chance to travel, and try many ramen shops around Las Vegas area, California, as well as Japan and Hong Kong. Though it is not up to what I have tried in Japan, it is pretty close. 

This is a small ramen shop at the back of a shopping centre. Max occupancy is probably give or take 25-30 people max with option to sit at the bar or table. Staff gives a very friendly welcome upon entry. A lot of times, this restaurant is quite busy. The restaurant has a nice warm feeling (not due to the heat from cooking) but it resembles some ramen shops i have tried and seen in Tokyo, Japan. 

Upon sight of the menu, the front cover has a little story of origins of ramen. When you see the selection of foods they provide, it is not much. This is one of the few places, that i really like, that don't offer a wide variety of foods. Not only do they specialize in what they offer, it is also the only thing they need because of how well made it is. 

They have three broth selections. Tonkotsu, which is a pork bone based broth (usually slowly boiled and simmered for many hours to create a white flavor-filled broth), Miso, and Shoyu (soy-sauce based). Being a fan of tonkotsu ramen, that was the first broth i had tried and loved. Price range for the different soup is i believe 6.95 - 7.95 with Shoyu and tonkotsu being $6.95 and Miso at 7.95 [don't quote me on the pricing but i do remember the miso being more expensive than tonkotsu for some reason... you'd think the one with more work (tonkotsu) would be more expensive]

They offer a variety of toppings ($1 - $2.50 each) you can choose to add to the ramen as well, ranging from extra pork, green onions, corn, butter, some green vegetable (forgot the name). Hearing great things about their pork, that was what i had ordered as an additional topping. There is also the option of getting extra noodles for a small fee of $2. 

Take note, there are two types of noodles they use between the 3 broths. I believe Tonkotsu uses one, while miso and shoyu uses another. They also offer sides like gyoza, pork over rice, etc. 

Upon arrival of food, i was amazed how well the ramen looked. The soup had a deep white color, pipping hot freshly made. The soup was not thin but not thick as well. Not sure how to explain, but it was a broth that looked to be filled of flavor. As most people, the first thing to try was the soup. Upon tasting of the soup, I was amazed. The flavor of the soup was rich, extremely flavorful, not too salty or sweet. It was like, perfection was reached. The noodles were a little over al dente which was perfect for ramen. The table has spices that you can add on top of your ramen like chili oil and this spicy spice mix. 

The pork they used was a 1/2 fatty 1/2 meat type of cut formed in a circular shape. Being of Asian origin, it was exactly how I liked it. As said before, the option of extra noodles was available so some of the pork was saved. They amount of noodles you get is quite an amount (usually wont expect too much for "additional noodles" but if anything, it may have been a slightly larger serving then that was in the original bowl. The additional noodles is given in a bowl, heated and ready to be thrown into your original soup. 

Lets just say, every single time, i order a bowl of ramen, additional noodles.. and never have soup left over =] 

Service is great. Food is great. Price is reasonable. Recommend to many friends and family. One of the best ramen places i've ever been to
First off, I respect any place that has great service & a friendly staff, so as long as they're respectful, they get a ton of points just for that.

My friend suggested I go to this place when I asked for a place to eat at because my friend#2 and I were pretty hungry. A few of my other friends have also been visiting this place a lot within the past week so I finally got a chance to try it out.

The place is in a small plaza and the building itself is very small and cozy. When we went there, the place was somewhat busy and there was limited seating. There was just one table left and instead of taking it, I took the bar with my friend because I thought another bigger party might need it later.

Because of a friend's suggestion, I ordered miso ramen for my first time, but that was disappointing. I didn't like it, but my friend did. He had his with the boiled egg as well. Maybe it's because I'm not a ramen eater or something, but it was somewhat salty to me and I didn't really like the taste. I wonder if it has something to do with it being miso? I don't know.

My goal is to try all 3 types of ramen they have just to see if there is one I'll really like. I shall update then. They also have extra stuff that you can add to your ramen (ie: egg, extra pork, corn, etc.) that starts at $0.75+. The menu is quite cute and small. The choices are limited, but I think it's just right. Beats all those menus that are overwhelming.

My friends all love this place. Give it a try and you might fall in love with it, too.

update: I've tried all the ramen and ever since, I always go back for Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen. updated to 5 stars.
When I first tried it in the summer, it was too hot for noodles.  The place didn't have a/c and I was melting away in the desert heat.  This place grew on me and now I love it.  I can't help slurping the delicious broth or chewing on those oh so yummie noodles.  It's become my go to spot for the past few weeks. - M2
this is the first ramen spot i've been to since i've moved to vegas.

keep in mind, i went home over the summer and had daikokuya [my absolute favorite ramen place back in l.a.], and my review may be slightly biased. but - the ramen was definitely yummy!

its a small place, but definitely cozy and gives a nice home kind of feel. service is great! although, my friend asked for an extra order of noodles [i guess there's somewhere on the menu that says if you order extra noodles, save some of your broth for the second batch of noodles] and towards the end he asked for them but he ate the broth with the noodles. that got a little confusing. 

if im ever really craving ramen, and i'm not going home anytime soon, this will definitely be my spot!
Excellent..
simple ramen menu done well

one of the best tasting Tonkatsu broths I've had.  I added Ni Tamago (hard boiled egg with soft center) and had a small cha su rice bowl
I love this place especially now that its chilly outside! I like that the place is small and that the menu is the simple. I have tried all three of the broths and they are all very good but if you ask me the shoyu is the way to go and add an egg you wont regret it!
This is the first and only ramen place I have been in Vegas.  We all got some sort of ramen... as for other stuff on the menu, i haven't tried so not sure if it's good... my friend got this rice thing with fish eggs on it... he had a few bites and left it... apparently not good.
I plan on taking my parents to this place for ramen when they visit vegas! Highly recommend the ramen.
This place is tiny. It has basically 3 different types of ramen and you pick and choose your toppings. It is very unique for Vegas and it is what  typical ramen house is. I guess since I am not crazy for ramen, I just thought it was OHKAY. I had the miso ramen with kimchee and corn, because when it comes out it comes out bland. They give you 2 tiny pieces of pork, and it looks very fatty. The ramen noodles were good and seemed fresh. The soup is hearty. The noodles in the tonkatsu ramen are thin and look different.
I've always been on the lookout for good Japanese Ramen, and I always thought that Ichiza's ramen was the closest I'd ever get to authentic. Boy was I proven wrong, Monta's was the most amazing and flavorful ramen I've ever had in a long time.  I'm not from Japan, but I am from Hawaii so I do know what good ramen's supposed to taste like.  Despite it being a little pricey, I say I'd go back for another bowl.  The people were nice, and the atmosphere is very chill.  I ordered the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen and added pork belly, nori, hard boiled egg, corn and butter....and damn! did that intensify the flavor. My best friend ordered the Miso ramen with pork, and Nori.  His didn't look as amazing as mine, but it was good regardless.
Simply Japan and Good(^w^) 
When I walked in, I was instantly happy because how much it reminded me of small Japanese ramen shop in Osaka. 

They play Japanese music from 70's to present, which adds good touch to the resutrant. 
I ordered tonkotsu ramen, their broth is excellent, rich creamy and yummy =D
Their noodle is straight skinny type, which is good match for tonkotsu broth. 

I had their Gyoza, witch is homemade and delicious. 

Their chashu tastes like real chashu you can get in Japan (^w^) mmmMM
I would definitely go back their when i goto Vegas next time =D
When we woke up today it was and my wife had a cold. So we figured it would be a good day for soup and headed off to Monta for some ramen.

We both ordered green tea hoping for a soothing, warm start to the meal. The waiter brought out two cans of cold green tea. We explained we were expecting hot tea and were told they don't have any hot tea. So we asked for water with lemon but were told they don't have lemon. I ended up ordering a diet coke and my wife stuck with plain water

Things went smoother from there.

I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen with egg, nori, and mustard greens. It was good, salty.

My wife ordered the Tonkatsu shoyu ramen with egg and green onion. It was also good and less salty than mine.

I highly recommend getting the eggs. It was a great addition to both. Beyond that, choose what you like.

Overall, I preferred my wife's ramen and she preferred mine. We switched midway through though I was only halfway done and she'd finished two-thirds of hers. I got ripped off.

We also ordered kimchee and gyoza. The kimchee was good but nothing special. The gyoza never arrived. However, the kimchee and ramen were plenty, so we didn't make a big deal of it. (I did check the receipt and verified we weren't charged for the gyoza.)

Great place for a rainy day, some of the best ramen I've ever had.
I'm all for authenticity and the like, so going into the Monta Noodle House is something of a nice nostalgia because it reminds me of a ramen shop in Japan; it's small and cozy yet with that "hole in the wall" charm.

The entire menu fits on one page, which for those that like variety I would suggest you search somewhere else to cure your soul for that variety of ramen. For entertainment purposes though, my group started out with an order of their gyoza, which was made from scratch, and was very tasty. The texture was a bit crispy-like on the outside, and that's all that it took (I think) to make it that much tastier. The inside had that "it's hot, but just right" feel to make it warm up the insides.

Though really now, it's all about the ramen. Monta prepares ramen in a Japanese fashion, the importance on the soup base. I had the tonkatsu (pork) base with extras of corn, egg, nori (seaweed for those who don't know), and some extra tonkatsu. The broth was a little bit saltier than I would have liked it, but all in all it was a very good blend of flavors that would make anybody want to come back for more. (b^^)b

In terms of drinks, you want to avoid pretty much everything on the menu besides water. It's a ramen shop, so you really want to focus more on the awesomeness of ramen, but I'm a bit sad that there isn't hot tea; my group ordered tea thinking it was hot, but it comes in a can that's been sitting in a fridge. Not a big letdown, but on a cold day in Las Vegas (those do exist) it would be nice to have a cup of hot tea to go with the ramen.

Atmosphere wise, everything resembles your typical Japanese ramen shop. The music adds a nice touch, but really it's the small, cramped family-like atmosphere that gives it that ramen shop touch. It's definitely good for those who want to catch up with one another or a small group of people looking for somewhere to eat; that's the atmosphere that was created.

All in all, a very good experience and if you want to eat some good legitimate Japanese style ramen, Monta is the place you want to go. (b^^)b
holy cow it's cold in Vegas! we can't believe it was snowing on the way up here but that's more reasons to come to Monta for a warm bowl of delicious Ramen.

Even though it's a small hole in the wall the wait wasn't more than 10 minutes.  We got the white broth with pork.  i like how there's mushroom and bamboo standard with every bowl.

Gyoza was pan fried to a crisp but was missing a dipping sauce? yah i guess soy sauce could do the trick. 

I think the ramen and broth was really good but i still like the special pork in Mitsuwa (SD) much better.
Best Ramen in Vegas?  Only true Ramen House in Vegas?  Yes and Yes... Monta's Simple.  Hot.  Tasty.  Highly recommend to anyone in Vegas or visiting Vegas and wants to try something off the strip.  

The mister and eldest son had the Miso and I had the Tonkatsu Shoyu (less salty than the Miso).  I had mine plain while extra chashu was added to one of the Miso's.  All of them were SO GOOD. The younger son had a small pork belly rice bowl but we had to spoon away all the vegetables that decorated it (green onions, pickled ginger shreds...).  He liked it.

I only gave 4 stars because I'm not much of a Ramen eater because of all the MSG.  And Unfortunately, I did end up with a migraine :(.  It's a super small joint and soda's are served in a can... I don't think they have hot drinks... yet.
Man, oh man!  The Tonkatsu ramen was sooooo goood!  It was a cool day in Las Vegas and what better way to warm up than with a big bowl of ramen.  Very tasty rich broth.  The ramen noodles was cooked al dente.  The pork slices were actually slices of belly pork and when you touched it, it kind of melts into the broth!  Oooooh, delicious!  I had my ramen with the boiled egg.  There were condiments on the table and I put some of that pureed garlic into my soup to give it an extra garlic kick!  

We also ordered one fried rice and a gyoza appetizer.  Yummy!  All items gold stars!  

The restaurant is tiny with 4 tables of 4 and 1 table of 2 and a L-shaped  bar counter, facing the open kitchen.  You can watch the cooks make the ramen in front of you.  The wait staff are all very polite.  Turnover is fast as people come and go all the time we were at the restaurant for lunch today.

Definitely will come back to Monta Noodle House!
Very good ramen.  I've been here about five times and I like the tonkotsu the best, which is pork bone broth.  But it is very filling.  Right now, they are offering the tonkotsu mixed with the shoyu broth.  It has pieces of pork and the tonkotsu noodles.  This is a little less filling but does not have enough of the pork taste for me.  My husband prefers the noodles in the shoyu so we might try to get those noodles in the tonkotsu/shoyu.  We shall see.  I have not tried the miso as most people tell me it is very thick and salty.  I can't tear myself away from the tonkotsu - it is so good!  I'll just stick with that.

I highly recommend getting the takana mustard leaf in your ramen.  It is very, very flavorful.  Also, they have containers of fresh garlic and ginger scattered about the place.  If there isn't one on your table, just ask.  It's a great addition to the ramen if you are a fan of garlic and/or ginger.  Free addition to the ramen! The gyoza is good too, but keep in mind, you will likely be surprisingly full after just some ramen.

If the place is crowded, they will set up a waitlist that you have to write your name on.  It's outside taped to a table by the door.  If they are really busy, they may not stop to explain this to you, so just keep an eye out for the list if the place is full.

It's true, as some of the reviewers say, that it is unbearably hot inside the restaurant during the summer. But they are good with the beverage refills (Asahi on tap!) and just be thankful you don't have to work there all day! Plus, when it was too warm inside, the turnover was quick so the wait for a table was shorter.  Now that it is colder outside, it seems like people linger and chat.  But still, turnover is decent so if there is a wait, don't despair.  You need to spend $10 minimum to use a credit card.
In a land of fakes - Paris, NY, Venice, etc., this place was certainly refreshing.  It's reminiscent of a ramen shop in Japan in the decor, layout, line out the door from the moment it opens, and, most importantly, the taste.

This place could compete against some of the shops in LA or in San Jose.  And, like most of those places, they specialize in tonkotsu broth.  I had the tonkotsu shoyu, and my friends had the plain tonkotsu.  I'd actually recommend the tonkotsu - not as much going on, and you can taste the purity of the broth, which is quite good.  Not too strong (which is why the shoyu kind of overpowered it), but a little more subtle.  The garlic was at the counter, and I noticed it later, if you want a little more oomph in your broth.

The nitamago wasn't too strong, but nicely flavored as well.

Overall, a great find that I didn't expect.
I was very impressed with Monta Noodle House ramen. I went on a Friday afternoon during peak lunch & got a table for 8 in just 10-15 minutes. 

Ordered the Tonkotsu broth with egg. The noodles were perfect, thin just how I like it. The broth was just the right texture & I like how you can add your own garlic & ginger to get the right flavor/taste. The egg was medium boiled...soooo good! The pork was just okay- The peices were thin & it didn't taste very fresh, I've had better. But overall, very good bowl of ramen. I'm kind of a ramen addict so am very picky about my ramens. This one seemed very authentic & the staff in the kitchen were Japanese, which is a plus.

Also had the pork belly for an appetizer. That was very tasty, tender, & fatty!

The location is away from the strip but the ramen was reasonably priced & definitely worth the drive! I would come back again!
Monta Noodle House is the kind of joint you end up in when you come to Vegas with a bunch of Asians.  Ehem! Let me rephrase that... hungover Asians.  

This joint is mad smalls yo!  Not only that, it was packed at 4pm!!! Yeah the hungover Asians woke up effin late for "lunch".  We obviously had to wait since we rolled 9 deep up... We waited around for maybe 20 minutes inside since it was way too cold to wait outside.  We were finally seated and served by the nicest waitress ever.  This chick smiled every moment that I remember at Monta.  Very nice and curtious.

We ordered the following dishes:

Miso Ramen with Chasu:  If you order this Ramen, I warn you... DO NOT ADD BUTTER!  This thing is mad heavy.  I felt I was drinking mashed potatoes at one point.  The flavor was amazing but it came out warm and not hot enough for the weather.  I wish my bowl was just a bit warmer and less heavy.  Other than this the soup was really good.  The chasu pork just melted in my mouth. mmmm

Dumplings:  Perfectly fried.  Now I've tried dumplings for many years and this place had one of the best!  Dumplings are supposed to have that golden roast fried look.  Monta's dumplings all had this color.  Once your dumpling has dark brown or black then that mo'fo is burned out and will be waaay to crispy.  If your dumpling doesn't have that golden roast then it probably is just semi fried which is too bland and soggy.  

Pork Belly Rice:  This was pretty good too.  Very tender and well marinated meat and enough ginger for a unique taste.  Most people in my party chose this as their favorite. 

Ton Katsu Ramen:  My friends ordered this Ramen which was pretty good in my opinion.  The description on the menu made it seem very rich in fat and unhealthy but it actually turned out to be less heavy than the Miso I ate.

Good to know where to get my Ramen fix in Las Vegas!
Overall, I'm giving this place 4 stars but the tonkotsu ramen deserves 5 stars by itself.  I loved the flavor of the soup and how the noodles were cooked just right.  My brother and bf were hesitant to go because they've had not so good ramen before but both of them loved the ramen they ordered (tonkotsu and shoyu).  My brother loved it so much, he went again 2 days later.  I'll definitely be going back again and again for the ramen!  And next time, I'll try the extra toppings..but it says a lot about the flavor of the soup when I loved it plain the way it came.

So why the 4 stars?  We also ordered kimchi fried rice and the dumplings.  The dumplings were ok, nothing special about it.  It came slightly burnt and were all stuck together.  The kimchi fried rice was ok too, but more sour than the normal ones I've had.  

Stick to the ramen and you'll love this place!
Went back again- my expectations were too high the first time. On a second opinion, this is an excellent noodle house. Don't get the mustard greens, and everything will be not too salty.
This is the best ramen I have had in any state.  I always get the Miso Ramen with extra chashyu.  The chashyu is melt in your mouth amazing.  Portions are huge the servers are nice... I really cant find anything wrong with this place.  To drink they even have calpico and some Japanese beer.  The gyoza is good as well.  Everything else on the menu looks delicious, but I also just end up ordering ramen since it is a noodle house.  Don't go here with more than 4 people though, because as is common in Japan ramen houses this place is very tiny and can get quite crowded.  I honestly recommend going right when they open.
I'm actually quite surprised by all the high praise of this place. I enjoyed it, don't get me wrong, but I found the broth to be much too salty. 

It's probably the best ramen in Vegas, but that really isn't saying much. I'll probably give this place another chance and try the Tonkatsu Ramen, after hearing all the positive responses, but I really just think it's regular at best...
So far my favorite ramen house in vegas.... And its close to home!
If you have ever had ramen in So Cal (Santouka and Shin-Sen-Gumi Hakata for example), you'd know this place does not measure up at all.  

My Miso Ramen was thick and salty.  It was more like gravy than soup.  My fiance's Gyoza tasted like they were bought from the asian supermarket.  While the botton was cooked, the top was still cold.  

Bad choice for dinner.
The cliff notes version = this place is amazing!

I am not a ramen expert by any means but I have had it before, and for me, this place dominates.  One of my best friends is obsessed with it and I didn't understand why until now.  The only thing I have had is the shoya (soy) ramen and it was a religious experience for me and it might be a while before I try anything else.  

Imagine a bowl of broth that taste like the most amazing piece of seasoned caramelized roasted pork ever, it's not thick but has that velvety satisfying stock feel that only comes from stewing all that flavor and goodness from bones for endless hours.  

Now in the broth, perfectly al dente noodles that soaked up all that awesome flavor.  They are al dente, you still have to chew them but they are by no means undercooked.  Then take slow roasted pork bellies that are so tender that you could cut it with, I don't know, a piece of grass, and slice it and float in on top.  Along with that add just a few slivers of some vegetable things that are cooked so they are just barely firmer than the noodles along with a touch of scallions.

The only thing that would be more porkly satisfying would be a pork loin wrapped in bacon.  It is crazy but it somehow reminds me of one of my favorite things in the world, carnitas.  Well it hits the same spot at least.  It's perfect too because it's got enough fat so you know you are eating pork but it's still lean-ish so you don't feel like killing yourself via hara-kiri after (It's the perfect lunch).  I mean I worked out about an hour after the last time I had it, try doing that after a carnitas plate.  I love pho but this ramen flipped my noodle soup world on it's head.  I can't sleep right now I just want to go back and eat more.  

P.S.  I have seen this place here before on this site and had it bookmarked but then I saw it pop up in the book "Eating Las Vegas" as one of the best 50 spots in vegas.
Great.  Three ramen choices, lots of add ons, and a big city feel to the very small restaurant.  I can't say enough good things about Monta.  You may find better ramen in town (like at Social House) but the setting and authenticity can't be beat.
Destined to find yummy ramen where ever my travels takes me...lol. A little removed from the strip for the tourist but not too difficult to find.  Definitely a busy place at around 7ish on a weekday night. Lucked out for a table as there are only 5/6 depending how they're arranged for size. Wood benches, chairs, stools, tables and wainscoting lined the restaurant.   There's also L shaped seating for around 10, bar style, around the kitchen area.  The restaurant later filled up with people waiting outside, so be prepared to wait during the typical eat times.

Menu was simple as there was only 3 types of ramen you could order, Miso, Shoyu, Tonkotsu and a couple of rice dishes.  Decided to try the shoyu ramen ($6.95) with toppings (ranges from $0.50 - $1.50) corn, kimchi, and Kaedama (extra noodles).  The broth was tasty and not too salty and the pork was flavourful with the melt in your mouth taste.  The corn was not too buttery but the kimchi could of been better. I was expecting more taste from the kimchi, as it was toned down from other Ramen places I've tried in the past as well as Korean restaurants. The extra noodles was served on the side and was fist sized.  Do this if you're extra hungry...I was comatose after finishing this.  The noodle was a little skinnier than expected but had the right consistency and texture. The gyoza was not too my liking (didnt finish) and I can live off dumplings! The exterior was grilled too long aka burnt and the 'insides' was semi cold like another yelper had mentioned....hmmmm...im guessing store bought?  I imagine them being frozen and put on the grill not long enough but on extra high heat!!! (I know this how??? I make them when I'm home...lol)

Yes, I'd come here again for a quick bowl of noodles but thats about it.
Thank the gods Las Vegas has a place like this.  I was addicted to the pork at Gomen in Anaheim until I came here.  

The order consisted of:
Gyoza
Fried Rice
Tonkotsu Ramen
Chashu Bowl

I found myself anticipating each round of Umami goodness because each dish was devoured so quickly.  Those gyoza were nice and crispy and tasted great.  The definite star was the pork.  I found myself assuring I got a piece in every bit of the Fried Rice.  The Chashu in the Ramen was a perfect combination and that Chashu Bowl was just pure pork indulgence.  We even ordered some Fried Rice and extra Chashu to go because I was sure to be craving that pork later in the night, and sure enough I did.  I'm craving

This place is an easy choice.  It's a small menu but everything is done so well.  Great prices for the quaity of food you get.  You can't go wrong with anything here IMO.
Never really thought to try and even find a ramen house in Vegas, considering, one typically is drunk and just walking about the strip all day long, but this place was DEFINITELY a good find.  Chanced upon this quaint little establishment while visiting friends in Vegas and they recommended that we should eat here because I loved noodles so much.  Definitely comparable to my favorite ramen places...5 stars as far as Vegas is concerned!  :)

I was a little skeptic at first, but walking into this tiny little place, which probably seats no more than 20 - 30 guests, was one of the pleasant little surprises of my trip.  

Ordered the Gyoza and the Tonkotsu ramen with the hard boiled egg.  The gyoza...typical.  The ramen was actually quite good.  The noodles were nice and soft, and the broth was flavorful and not too much.  The yolk of the egg was pretty salty, even for my taste(and I LOVE salty), but the Chasu...MAN, I don't know exactly how they cooked it, but it was frickin good.  I ate all of my ramen and my fiancee's leftovers and was so full, but would've still eaten some more, just because I liked it so much.  

I can definitely see this place getting quite busy at peak times, considering the size and all, so come outside of the meal rush hours.  

Service - good.  No complaints and nothing especially out of the ordinary either.  

Parking is fine, the place shares a large lot with several other establishments...
I read a review down below that kinda summed up this experience for me: Southern California Ramen restaraunts have spoiled me and jaded my taste buds.  The pork they put in their soup is a little on the fatty side and the broth seems to have to not been skimmed enough since it is also oily and fatty.  Interesting atmosphere though.  However I would say that if you want better Ramen go down the street to Ichiza.  Monta has a limited menu of just oily soup while Ichiza is an explosion of variety AND they have better Ramen soup.
Strange - i thought for sure i wrote a review on Monta.

I have to rate their Tonkatsu Ramen my fav dish for 2010 and trust me, considering i eat out at least 7 meals/ week, it takes a lot to rate so high.  It ain't the fanciest , it ain't the cheapest but it's simply, just right.  Add the roast pork, the egg and corn to the ramen and it's ALL GOOD  !!!

Base price is $7 but adding the extras puts it over $10.  I always share the bowl with the gf, along with either get the pork belly bowl or the gyoza but  the star of the show is the ramen.  

Raku and Monta in the same shopping center ...nice !
My first experience with authentic Japanese ramen, and I was not disappointed. Prior to Monta, the only types of ramen I ate were in packages, cups and bowls, usually Korean in descent and instant in nature. So I was surprised, in a good way, when I discovered that Japanese ramen is nothing like the ramen I've eaten before. 

My boyfriend was craving ramen for dinner, so I immediately suggested Monta Noodle House after remembering all the positive reviews on Yelp. We entered the restaurant and, thankfully, they had a table for two available. The restaurant itself is small, reminiscent of an authentic ramen house in Japan (at least in my mind). Service was friendly and quick given the ratio of servers to customers. 

After reading over the menu, he ordered the Miso Ramen with extra char siu and a Mini Mentaiko while I ordered the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen and an order of Gyoza. Here is the breakdown of the food:

Gyoza- Hot pan-fried pork and vegetable dumplings with just the right amount of crisp from the charred skin which contrasted well with the soft and juicy meat filling. Overall, very good and savory. 

Miso Ramen- He enjoyed his ramen, saying that it tasted very authentic. I tried some of his ramen, and while I preferred the broth of his ramen, I liked the thinner noodles from my ramen more. 

Mini Mentaiko- He enjoyed this as well. I think it was the perfect light contrast to the heavy ramen. 

Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen- Delicious! The noodles were perfectly cooked, and the vegetables added texture and mildness to the rich broth. My only complaints are that the broth was just a tad too salty for my taste and the char siu lacked the meatiness I wanted. 

Overall, we enjoyed dinner that night. I enjoyed my experience there so much that two days after my initiation into the Japanese ramen world I went again with my mom.
We ordered the shoyu ramen and fried rice.  I did enjoy the soup but I felt the noodles were a bit al dente.  I've had better fried rice, it just had tons of chunky onions in it.  

A quick fix to my ramen craving in Vegas.
Finally! A very good Ramen joint in Vegas. This place is much more the real Japanese ramen joint than the (now defunct) Togoshi Ramen.

Monta is in a small strip mall on Sprint Mountain Rd, just West of Decatur. It is very easy to miss as you go by. And the shop is very small, with only four 4 place table, 1 2 place table, and about 10 counter seats. They only accept cash so beware.

I recently learned of this place right here on yelp and had to give it a try. Like others on this forum, I grew up eating fantastic ramen all over Japan. And have long been searching... I was elated when Santouka came to the states and even more ecstatic when local joints like Orenchi (Cupertino, CA) that are very much like the ramen I used to know in Japan... started to pop up.

I'd like to preface this review with the fact that I like tonkotsu, thick chijirimen (wavy noodles) usually, so I am usually biased towards that. Monta has 4 basic types of ramen flavors: Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Miso, and new (at least it said new today) Tonkotsu Shoyu which is a combination of the Tonkotsu and Shoyu broths.

Tonkotsu, of course, is pork based broth. The Shoyu uses chicken broth (according to Monta), but I also detected some dashi (fish based) in there as well. Tonkotsu, and Tonkotsu Shoyu uses thin straight noodles. Shoyu and Miso uses the thick wavy noodles. Each ramen @  $6.95 comes with 2 slices of char shu, kikurage (woodear mushrooms), memma (seasoned bamboo shoots), and chopped green onions. There are other toppings available as mentioned in other reviews, along with kaedama (literally means "replacement ball") extra noodles.

Kaedama is usually ordered as you go, not in the beginning. This is because if get it at the same time as your ramen, then the noodles either go cold, or get overcooked. This is one of the reasons why I do not like places that have a "Large" size. By the time you're half way through, the noodles are too overcooked. I commend Monta for doing the kaedama the right way.

Anyway, I was @ Monta today, Thu, at 2 pm, and the place had a waiting list 8 deep! It took us abobut 20 minutes to get seated, and as we got seated, the wait line even got longer. OK... my expectations are way high... but be cautious... this, after all, is the only ramen only joint in Vegas....

I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu with nitamago and extra char shu. My wife had the Shoyu with nitamago. We also had gyoza. In the kitchen, there are basically 2 guys preparing the dishes. One guy that does the ramen, another that does the fried rice and others. And with the packed house, the service was slow.

But when the ramen finally came, I was not disappointed. Despite my doubts, the Tonkotsu Shoyu had a wonderful balance and marriage of pork and chicken broth. My wife's Shoyu, I believe due to the chicken stock, had a very mellow aspect to it which also gave the Tonkotsu a very mellow and non-overpowering flavor. I finished the broth to the last drop, including my wife's Shoyu/Chicken broth.

The noodles... My thin noodles were not overcooked, and about just right when my ramen came out. But because of its thinness, by the time I got half way through my ramen (and I'm a relatively quick ramen eater, beating my wife by a good 10 minutes :-)) was way overcooked and mushy soft. Next time, I will see if they will cook it less (katame, or as I do at Kyushu Jyangara in Tokyo, bari-kata... crispy as in ironed with starch). My wife's chijirimen was very good with good amount of al dente,a and the chewiness one expects in good ramen.  If I can't get them to cook the thin noodles to super al dente, then my backup plan is to have them use the thick noodles in the Tonkotsu ramen.

The boiled egg is soft boiled, but the yolk does not run. I like my soft boiled egg a with a bit more runny yolk. But nevertheless it was still good. The Char shu was one the the better ones I had in the states. very tender, melts in your mouth, with good flavor... not too over powering, not too bland. The slices were on the thin side, but I got a total of 8 slices by ordering the extra char shu topping ($2.50). 

In summary both the Tonkotsu Shoyu and Shoyu ramens were done very well, with a good balance of broth, noodles, and toppings in a dish that came together very very well. Too many times, I have been to ramen places in the states where the broth may be good, but noodles lack, or vice versa, or even where all the individual ingredients are good, but the finished product just doesn't cut it.

The gyoza, unlike one reviewer here, I though were also very good. I would beg to differ that this is not like store bought gyoza as it is stuffed with pork whereas the store bought ones are more heavy on the nappa cabbage and not stuffed. The flavor is also very good, however, I like my gyoza wet...that is with a bit more juice as you bite into them.

In the end though, I give Monta 5 stars even with the few deficiencies. Monta, in my book, share the top honors with Orenchi in Cupertino,
We went to Monta Noodle House for Japanese Ramen.  It's in Vegas Chinatown area, behind the Jack In the Box, in the Seoul Plaza.

They have good hours something like 11:30a-10p everyday.  

I got:

Tonkotsu ramen $6.95 - it's a small bowl, 2 pcs fatty pork, small amount of noodles, some green onions, & the broth, no egg that's extra, no seaweed - that's extra.  Still liked it.

B. got Miso Ramen $7.25 w/ extra bamboo shoots .50 + nori .75

Our total 15.45 + $1.25 tax = $16.70 before tip.  Charged it.

Quick & fast dinner before our flight home.
Monta delivered again with great ramen and gyoza. Still believe it to be some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
I admit that Monta has the best ramen anywhere in Vegas.  The stuff they serve at Ichiza and Shuseki has nothing on them!  The noodles are fresh and the broth, whether tonkatsu, miso, or shoyu, is always steaming hot and extremely flavorful.  I appreciate that it's the real stuff and not the packaged, powder crap other places use.  

Yes, Monta is a noodle house but their fried rice is just as good, if not better.  For someone who doesn't really like fried rice, I would come just for that.  Their gyoza was just okay.  I've had better.   

Even though the place is (extremely) small, I like that it's cozy.  There was only one time when I actually had to wait for a table, but as always, the wait was worth it.  

A basic bowl of ramen will cost you almost $8.  That's kind of steep, especially in the economy that we're in now.  An extra $1.50 for a hard boiled egg also seems a bit much, don't you think?  I guess it's really quality over quantity with this place. 

Four out of five stars because food quality is good, service is good, but pricing isn't the best.  This place is always a pleasure though.  If you haven't been, you probably should soon.
My ramen noodles weren't cooked all of the way and I'm too shy to say something...  It was raw and unenjoyable. I've been a big japanese ramen fan ever since Naruto and trust me, I am not too critical about it because it's usually awesome. The cha shu pork slices are fatty and rich in butter. I don't really enjoy that but some people do! The tonkotsu broth is the best part. The wait is ridiculous and the menu is like a customizable kind of thing.  I like Yokohama Kaigenro a lot better, try it out before your overrate this place! :)
Really good stuff. An authentic Japanese ramen place.  I'd come back here and try other menu items next time.
I've been coming to this place since they've opened.  I would give them 5 stars if I had reviewed them earlier, but as of late their broth has been overly salty.  However, I keep coming back for more since this is pretty much the only legitimate ramen shop that I know of in the Las Vegas Valley area.

I usually order the miso ramen with nitamago, shredded green onions, and corn (sometimes I go wild and order butter too).  The broth is on the fattier side, and is rich and nutty.  Overall, this is a good bowl of ramen.

Service is friendly and quick and their streamlined menu captures all the quintessential components of your basic ramen shop.
My experience with ramen is limited. There was a place near the Beverly Center in Los Angeles where I had some and liked it enough to return. The ramen at Monta is a whole other level of good. It's not only the best ramen I've ever had, it's the best Japanese food. My experience with Japanese food is that presentation is more important than flavor. That wasn't the case here. 
We started with gyoza. These dumplings were tasty although maybe a tad too salty for me. Then our ramen soon arrived. I got the kontatsu with pork belly, green onions, egg and corn. The broth was tasty. A couple of different flavors going on. Quite savory. The noodles were perfect. Not overcooked and delicious. And all the toppings were good, too. 
Janet got miso soup and was quite happy with her choice. She noted it was thicker than my soup.
It seems like a winner.
When we got there at 7 p.m. there were a couple of open tables and most of the bar was empty. By the time we left just after 8 p.m., every seat was taken, we had to push through a half dozen people standing at the door waiting to eat and another couple of cars pulled up with people going there to eat. It seems quite popular. Most of the people inside appeared to be of Japanese descent.
So we were in Las Vegas and heard of this fantastic Ramen house.  We came, we tried, and it was ok.  The portions are small.  For me it's small and for anyone that's used to eatting in Los Angeles Ramen houses its small.  I was not full at all from eatting here.  The price was ok.  I guess if you are in LV and want Ramen you don't have much choice.  If you ever go to Los Angeles, go to Little Tokyo Ramen houses!  It's A LOT better.  Honestly I couldn't believe this place was so packed.  Makes me want to move out here and start a Ramen place.
First sign a ramen shop is good is a long line and Monta won't dissapoint in wait and excellent ramen.  Ramen starts at the broth and the Shoyu based soup had excellent soy flavor without the overwhelming saltiness common in the more mediocre varieties.  The noodle is firm and doesn't get soggy absorbing the soup base.  Gyoza are prepared well, some crispy spots but still soft and moist.  The only bad thing is now my favorite ramen shop is 300 miles from my southern california home.
this place opens at 11:30am and we came at around 11:45 with no wait. by the time our food came (around noon), there's a wait already (small place plus the fact it's probably the only good ramen joint in vegas at good prices).  

when you come in, look on the right, there's white board with the tonkotsu shoyu ramen on it for 6.95, this is the same as the menu, nothing special about it since everything is on the menu.  

you can tell the ramen is not store bought cuz it's alot fresher and it's thinner than usual. the broth was good, but on the salty side.  had the pork belly rice bowl too, the meat was real tender but the sauce was on the salty side.  

tip: if u wanna do lunch there, go early or really late since there will almost be a line there.  but overall a pretty good place to have lunch.
I had the tonkatsu ramen and loved it. It wasn't too salty, IMO. The service was prompt and very friendly and  the bathroom was clean and nicely decorated (see photo).
i love ramen! i finally got a chance to come check this place out when my co-worker and i had an extra long lunch break. i love that they have a really simple menu. i had the tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious. i wish they served hot tea though. quick service at lunch time. the place is really small and crowded when we went...however, it was peak lunch hour. pretty quick turnover though. i'll be back. =)
It is a very small restaurant so be prepared to wait especially for lunch time!

This place is owned by Sushimon on Maryland Pkwy and Silverado Ranch, which is one of my fav sushi joints so I knew I had to try this place!

I always get Tonkatsu ramen with eggs on top! Best ramen in Vegas!
This is a great little place for noodles at their best. I love the fact that they are small in menu, size and price. I always make sure to order my noodles with a nice glass of beer to bring out all the great flavors out. This noodle house is the best in town and I will recommend this place over and over again. Enjoy
Best. Ramen. Ever. I suggest the Tonkatsu ramen and the kimchi fried rice. Soooo delicious.
A nice little hole-in-the wall near Chinatown.  They serve really good ramen here.  I was a little doubtful when I first came, but this place is legit!

They have four different broths (Tonkotsu, shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu-shoyu)  I've tried three of the four, but I have to say that the tonkotsu is my favorite!

There's definitely a pork flavor, rich and soothing.  The soup is steaming when it comes out, but it makes it taste even better!  The pork they have is a little thinner than I would've preferred (due to the fragility when picking the meat up with chopsticks) but it's still so delicious.  I had my tonkotsu with the garlic mash that they have and a soft-boiled egg.  Perfect for a winter day!  The soup is great by itself, but every new topping that is added just gives more depth.

I found that the broth gets saltier the longer it sits.  =(  It kind of sucks because by the time I finish the noodles, the broth is too salty for me to drink.  Can't wait to go back!
Got to agree with the previews reviewer. This place needs a working AC! I feel so bad for the people who work in the kitchen. It's like a sauna! Other than that, the food is decent.
Rick Moonen (Top Chef Master's contestant and owner of RM Seafood in Mandalay Bay) was spotted in this hole of a wall.
Despite how low his restaurant ratings are, the fact that he chose to eat at this specific noodle house says a little something something about their food. 

To keep this short and sweet: 
- Friendly service
- Was a wait around 12:30 (prime lunch time) but still got seated and served within 30 min
- Tonkatsu ramen= perfect portions. I ended up slurping up more of the broth than the noodles which was very surprising (i never drink the broth)
- Small fried rice seemed small at first for the four of us but was just the right amount with the ramen. 
- Lots of ginger and garlic sauces for unlimited consumption
- parking lot big in plaza
 
I want more!!!
Ramen is like my staple...If I could only choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life, it'd probably be noodles.  With that said, I will admit I am kind of picky when it comes to ramen.

This place is located near the Chinatown center off the strip.  It's really easy to find and I was really craving some noodles!  It's a cute little joint with super Japanesey workers.  It smells pretty amazing when you walk in, and the menu is small which is nice :)  

I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (it's their most popular) with an order of gyoza.  The broth is a little bit on the thicker side but not bad ( a tad heavy on the salt). It definitely tastes better if you sprinkle some of the spicy powder on top.  Personally for me, the noodles weren't anything special.  The gyoza was very disappointing for me as well...I didn't even finish it.

The service was good and the food was alright.  Overall, if you're really craving ramen this place will do the job, but I don't know if I'd call it slurp it up good.
Monta is definitely one of the better ramen shops in Las Vegas. Its in the same strip mall as Raku on Decatur/ Spring Mtn. 

Monta reminds us of Japan's ramen shops...its all about order your food, eat your food, and get out, so the next group can eat. It's not a posh restaurant, minimal tables/ seats. The restaurant holds at most 30 people (5 tables of 4 seats and about 10 seats on the counter), so if you go with a large party, just sit wherever you can and when you can or you might be waiting for awhile.

The menu is simple. Miso, Tonkatsu, or Shoyu ramen. My favorite is...all of them. Huge stock pots in the back have been boiling bones and veg for hours to create the backbone of their heavenly broth.  I seem to be on a tonkatsu ramen kick lately with its hearty broth... you could add some thickener to the broth and you would have a damn good gravy. They give you a good amount of ramen, a few slices of tender charsiu, bamboo, takenoko, green onions, half boiled egg, and kikurage. Its a solid meal for a cheap price, $7-8 and you can add other extras for a small price.

Another favorite is their pork belly bowl. Its cheap and filling...not to mention very tasty. You get the thinly sliced pork served over rice in a small bowl garnished with beni shoga. Its tasty, fatty, and better when you get eat a little beni shoga (red pickled ginger) with it.. We always get a small bowl and share it.

Their gyoza is good as is the kim chee fried rice. We need to try more of the items on their menu but we are creatures of habit and sometimes its hard to stray away from the  dishes that Monta is known for.

Its easy to over order food at Monta. Because the ramen bowls are big...resist ordering other dishes unless you have a big party and you want to share. 

Monta is great on a hot day and better on a cold day!! 

Arooha!!!!!
Tiny hole in the wall that is located next to Raku.  It is Osaka style stringy ramen, swimming happily in a savory white Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) broth, not to be confuse with Tonkatsu (Pork Cutlet).  It is created from slow roasted pork bones. You can add sides such as corn, butter, pickled vegetables.  I asked for the roasted chastu pork, medium boiled egg and nori.  The roasted pork melts into the broth creating a symphony in your mouth and the egg was cook to perfection with the yolk still bright orange.

This is definitely a place where I will come back again but it is like a typical ramen shop.  One thing I have to add is that, they do not serve very large portions, so if you're hungry be sure to get an appetizer.  Sits 20 people, the open at 11:30am and full house by 12:30.  Service was friendly and menu is basic and simple.
My new favorite ramen spot.
By far my favorite ramen in Las Vegas and the new Tonkotsu/Shoyu broth is the best.  Before that I would alternate and couldn't settle on one, but now it's perfect.
 
The gyoza and chahan are great side dishes.  Service has always been good, and unlike a lot of other Japanese restaurants the staff is actually Japanese.

The only downside is the restaurant (like all ramen joints) is small so there is usually a wait.
Wow. Best ever Miso Ramen order it with double extra Chashu.
It is so rich, complex and creamy. I hate to tell you about it because the place is so small. I am in love with one of the girls that work there. Is that politically incorrect?

The Chashu is so moist, cut extra thin but oh so good.Chashu isn't like char siu which you may have seen in Chinese restaurants. Japanese chashu is actually braised instead of being barbecued so it's soft, tender and moist. 

Please don't go there. I don't want to wait outside on the wooden bench!
I had the Tonkatsu ramen with extra chashu and a hard boiled egg. The broth is extremely rich in flavor and the chashu pork is the most tender chashu i've had in any ramen house. Monta is definitely #1 or #2 on my ramen list. 

I would definitely eat here over any of the pho restaurants in vegas.
Freaking awesome ... The best ramen place in Las Vegas. Only one thing wrong with the place really small place. Let me tell you the food is excellent service is awesome too.
Very nice noodle house.  Good service, quaint layout, and the price can't be beat.

I'm struggling giving it another star because I noticed somethings in the 20 minutes I was there to make you go hmmmm.  You heard me 20 minutes to get in, order a shoyu ramen and asahi and get out.  Can't beat that for efficiency.

Menu is straight and to the point, if you are not here for Ramen, go somewhere else.  Broths are Tonkatsu, Shoyu, and Miso.  Shoyu is the base for me (kinda like vanilla ice cream).  Soup comes standard with a few thin slices of roast pork, green onions, bamboo shoots, and some seaweed.  The noodles were decent but not homemade, very stock machine made ramen.  I like my ramen al dente, these were not.  I did add the pat of butter for $.50 which was a nice addition, but totally over priced.

Sat at the bar so had full view of kitchen and how things were prepared.  Didn't like how the cooks did not sanitize very well, bare hands on food doesn't bother me, but when you grab an egg and some  pork slices, I'd like to see you wash them hands before moving on to the next order.  Also noticed their Kim Chee was out of a bottle, which they could have done a better job at concealing if they kept it towards the back.

If you are looking for a nice spot to get your ramen on, I would totally suggest going here.  Keep your party to 4 or less otherwise it would be a stretch to find seating for everyone.
Okay, I can't stop coming back to this place.  I've tried to duplicate the broth at home and just can't!!!! They know me by face now... I come here with the hubby once a week.  It's just the best darn ramen ever!   The chashu is immoderate but I come here for the broth and the ramen.  The food is so simple yet so complex.  It's perfect!  I do wish they have agedashi tofu on the menu.  Monta read my review- add agedashi tofu to your menu, just use the shoyu broth.  It'll match well.  -M2
Great small ramen shop!

small oasis, close to the strip. Tonkatsu ramen is dope, their draft beer is also very good.

Very friendly people, great food for  the money!!!
Before i get flamed on giving this place only two starts let me explain why to me it deserves three stars.

I was a US Marine stationed overseas on mainland Japan for three years. During those three years i've had the opportunity to eat sushi, ramen, bento bowls, curries, udon, miso soups, and other foods of Japanese origins they way they make it and the way they eat it.

The ramen that is offered here is a step above instant ramen but is FAR from authentic. 

The broths are noticeably lighter and less flavorful from authentic, the noodles are in the middle, they're close but dont have the right texture, sides such as meats are too fatty but seasoned better then authentic ramen.

The biggest difference is the price. Here a bowl of ramen runs from 6.25 to 7.something which isnt bad but it's the sides that get you back. 1.50 for a hard boiled egg? 1.50 for a spoon full of pickled mustard greens? 2.50 for extra noodles?

Back in downtown Iwakuni a bowl of ramen, a side of goyza, and a plate of kimchi fried rice was only about 700ish yen back in 2006ish. Who would have figured five years later i'd pay double the cash to have a sixteenth a meal...
Unlike the former US Marine (ahem Tien N.) I give this place four stars. Although I haven't had the opportunity to eat authentic Japanese food in the land ot the rising sun, the food that is served at Monta is nonetheless delicious. If you had food in Japan and expect this place to be 100% authentic then you may be dissapointed. But if you eat it for what it is then I can promise you that you will not be dissappointed.

It's like when you have expectations before you watch a movie at the theatre, then you will most likely be let down. But if you watch it for what it is then you will enjoy it, unless the movie completey sucks.

I had the "Shoyu Ramen" with extra noodles, and the additions of the egg and pork. The broth was rich with lots of flavor, but the best part was the pork. It was so succulent and flavorful. I recommend adding the chili powder and the sesame seeds to your soup for even more flavor.

Service was great and the food is served quickly. Only downside is the price, since all toppings for the ramen are extra charge, so by the time you add on 1-3 toppings you're looking at an average price of about $13 for a bowl. The restaurant is also very small, so prepare to wait for a while if the they're busy, which is most of the time.

If you love ramen, authentic or not, definitely check this place out, it'll be worth your time.

Monta Noodle House is so great I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
Great hangover food. Awesome ramen broth. Must also get pork belly rice when you're here. It's tasty, fatty, and simply the best. Their pork belly rice is even better than Daikokuya's! Planning to try their kimchi fried rice next time I'm back in town.
A wonderful noodle shop that I wish was next door to my house. If you want a reasonably priced DELICIOUS bowl of ramen in a warm noodle house atmosphere, then this is the place to go. Several types of perfect broth with all the right sorts of tasty extra bits.
This is the best ramen noodle shop that I've been to in Las Vegas.  I have eaten at Kaigenro, Ichiza, and elsewhere, but this place is the best in my opinion.

I like the tonkotsu ramen with extra pork.  The broth is great and the noodles are cooked well.  The pork slice is thin and still has some fat layers on it, which adds to the flavor.  I don't get grossed out by it because it is YUMMY!  If you have a saltier taste bud, you might try the tonkotsu/shoyu broth combination.  Personnally, I like the regular tonkotsu best, but you won't go wrong with the combination broth.  I have also tried their gyoza, which was ok and nothing special, but hey, I'm here for the ramen and pork. =)

The only issue I have about this place is the price or serving size.  The ramen bowl is $6.99.  If you have a decent appetite, you'd have to order extra noodles ($1.50) or extra pork ($2.50), which is ok.  However, if you have a bigger appetite, you might have to order gyoza or other side dishes in addition, which can increase the overall cost of your meal.

If you have tried Shinsengumi in LA, this restaurant is the most similar in taste.  I would come here again and again, but not if I am really hungry and don't want to pay for the extras.
I only get the Tonkatsu ramen here.  It's a rich, creamy broth served with awesome chasu (pork) and some pickled veggies.  I really am impressed with this broth as it just adds SO MUCH to the taste of their wonderful noodles. 

Think this is the top ramen place in Las Vegas.  Ichiza's is a bit bland - though it's probably much healthier.  Monta might be a little sparse on the veggies which is why I only give it 4 stars instead of 5.  Ramen, in my opinion, should be a little healthier than they make it.  Maybe that's just my Chinese preference rather than the way the Japanese do it.

Still...you can't go wrong.  Get an extra egg too - cooked perfectly.
Coming from the Venetian, I was blissfully leaving the tourist sin otherwise known as Grand Lux Cafe to stumble into the gritty strip mall that houses Monta, just right down the street.  In my love-hate relationship with Vegas, things like this definitely belonged to the first category.  

Two groups of very jovial Japanese business men occupied the cozy joint when we walked in.  They seemed right at home, joyfully exchanging conversations from across the restaurants to each other as well as the waitresses.  From the smiling eyes to the careless laughter, I make the speculation that they were tourists happy to have found Monta.  I've been there, that rare delight from finding a great Vietnamese restaurant somewhere completely unexpected.  

It was a frigid night.  Lips cracked from the desert air, my mouth greedily welcomed the steaming broth of the Tonkatsu Ramen, rich with pork bone flavor and complimented with smooth strings of fresh noodles.  Had it been warmer weather, I'd have opted for the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, a bit lighter with the mix-in of chicken-flavored Shoyu broth.  

I could do without the pricey upsell of add-ons, but I still highly recommend them, especially the soft-boiled egg, corn, and seaweed.  You may end up spending nearly 10 bucks on ramen, but it's still a better choice than anything at Grand Lux
Eaten here 3 times now. Always good. Food is great. Servers are friendly.  Best noodle/soup joint in las Vegas!
I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and tried this place out.  I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and I enjoyed the soup and the Char Siu pork in it but there was something missing when it came to the flavor of the Ramen.  The noodles had a pleasant texture but it got lost in the other flavors.  I'm used to having a Ramen that still reminded you it was still the reason you were eating Ramen in the first place, not a strong flavor but something.  Anyway, If I'm in the mood for Ramen, I'd still go here.  Haven't found any other Ramen places to try.
It was a pretty good place  and really authentic, I was just a little skeptical at first because I've never been to that plaza before...

But that's not gonna stop me from going back:]
I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen, seemed like it's a favorite from the other yelp reviews, and a small pork belly bowl YUM! The ramen was very flavorful and i loved all the condiments that were on the table and im pretty sure we used up all the ginger! the only thing that kept from giving this place 5 stars is that i wanted more broth in my bowl lol. 
The place is tiny and there was a wait to go in during lunch time. Service was friendly and you could tell from the atmosphere of this place that it is run by Japanese people. Yum! cant wait to experience ramenny goodness again.
Very small menu, but that's all they need.  They have Miso, Shoyu, Tonkatsu and their special shoyu Tonkatsu Ramen.  I have ordered everything but the Shoyu Ramen and everything tastes delicious! 

Their fried rice is good as well I believe they have bits of pork belly in their rice, which gives it an extra kick I believe.   If you just enjoy pork belly they have it on top of rice which is suberp.  

It's pretty inexpensive as well about $7.00 for a bowl of Ramen, not too bad.  Of course if you want to add extra things in there it adds to it. 

Beware though if you come in the morning it tends to be very crowded.  I believe their seating limit is like 30? or smaller...but I think it's worth the wait :) Very tasty!
great food, quick service, and friendly staff
I have been searching for a good ramen place for a while now. I have been to a couple different places but none compares to Monta Noodle House. The quality of their noodles are really good. The noodles are not over or under cooked. The tonkotsu is my favorite! The menu is very simple with not a lot of options. But, everything on the menu is great! 

The service here is also very good. The food comes to you very quickly. The establishment is relatively small so if it gets busy it could take a while for seating. If you have been to Japan, it has a typical hole in the wall ramen place to it. I like this place a lot more because it feels exactly like you are in Japan. Even the workers speak Japanese. But other than that, Monta Noodle House is one of the best tonkotsu ramen I have had. I have been going there for some time now and will definitely continue going there.
Went back today for a big lunch. i ordered miso ramen and pork belly rice bowl ... so good ... i brought 2 coworkers with me ... they are hooked as well. service was excellent and food as well. Not a big menu but executed well.
The broth they use is spot on. The noodles tasted packaged. And the gyoza were definitely frozen. But its all worth a trip to this tiny little noodle house.
Probably the best ramen house in Vegas. Compared to Shin-Sen-Gumi in California, this restaurant is okay. However, if you are a local and Vegas and you are eating that top ramen crap; you need to visit Monta and order yourself some real ramen. The price is reasonable, the service is good, the food is better. As a college student at Reno, I get excited to go back home just to eat real Asian cuisine like ramen from Monta and Korean BBQ.
Gone are the days of associating ramen with my poor college days. Sad to admit but I have only had the processed packaged type of ramen until my friend turned me on to Monta Noodle House. To even mention Monta's ramen in the same sentence as Top Ramen or Cup O' Noodles is blasphemous. 

I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen which I believe is their most popular dish. The broth is thick, cloudy, and jam packed with flavor. The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted like they were made fresh onsite. There were a few slivers of pork and I added a soft boiled egg. My husband got the combination Tonkatsu and Shoya and it was just as yummy as my dish. It is interesting how many variations there are of ramen and how adding one ingredient changes the whole dish. 

Monta really is a hole in the wall restaurant because it could easily be missed in the shopping center. The restaurant is tiny so it is not recommended for large groups. This is a sit down, order, slurp up, and leave type of joint. I'm not sure if I'd frequent this place in the hot summer months but it definitely hits the spot when you want some warmth in your tummy.
AH-MAZING!  Great combination of flavors makes this place a treat any day of the week. Must have more=)
Ramen = Happy belly. Eating here reminds me of Tokyo. Good Tonkatsu Ramen makes me want to PUNCH the people that invented Top Ramen and Cup O' Noodle IN THE FACE.

In my opinion come hungry and pay for the extra toppings.
First review ever written and what a great place to rave about!

At first, Monta looks reliable, its not too big and is in a very small and overlooked spot, which most good eats usually are.

You walk in and it gives you a very homie feeling, despite its small size.  

If you love ramen, this is the place to go!  The ramen is cooked to perfection and includes all the added ingredients that make any ramen craver beyond satisfied!  My personal favorite is the tonkotsu ramen with nitamago and a side of their gyoza!  Sooo Ono!

Definitely a must visit!
Super love this place! It's a nice cozy place expect long line during the day but it's great to go at night specially when it's cold, it's always nice to have warm soup that taste sooo good and the meat that melts in your mouth. ;0)

I'm always craving for their ramen, my favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu ramen. My husband and my cousin literally gave the meaning to "good to the last drop". Their fried rice is good also. Very reasonable price.
So, I checked out this place for lunch today after reading what other Yelpers had to say.  It opened at 11:30am and, according to my friend who arrived at that time, there was already a line of customers waiting--thank goodness she was there to snag us a table!  It's a small place with a counter and some tables, so be prepared to wait a little if it's busy.  I had the tonkatsu with some charshu added and a small pork belly bowl--I was starving since I just came from a Bikram yoga class.  My friend had the shoyu.  After much slurping and a little conversation in between, we were both happily satisfied with our ramen dishes.  I couldn't finish all my food, but it was tasty and I will definitely be back to try the gyoza and the other two ramen dishes.  Note that this is not a place to really linger after you eat, unless you want to be rude and make the people waiting around for your table angry, but who needs that kind of bad karma?!  Arigato!
I. LOVED. IT.

It's always so hard to find authentic Japanese cuisine that's GOOD. This place was great! I went for my first time on Friday and I can't stop talking about how legit this place is. It feels like I'm in Japan. I definitely recommend hitting this place up if you're ever in the mood for ramen.

Service was great and having the option for kaedama rocks. The tonkotsu shoyu ramen was soo good and so was the gyoza and chahan. 

5 STARS! 

What are you doing still reading this, GO TRY IT!
So G.O.O.D!!! 

I wish we had a Monta Noodle House in my city!  I'm really jealous because I've been looking for a good Japanese Noodle place for YEARS and BOOM!  I found it.  However, it's in Vegas and not in the East Los Angeles County area :o(

I had the Tonkostsu with a Chicken/beef broth.  It was perfect!  The combination of a heavy beef broth with the lighter chicken broth was absolutely delightful.  The best part is the price.  It's a fair price for what you get and if you're in Vegas and don't want to pay all that money for a 'fancy' meal or get crappy buffet food.  Take a trip off the strip to try out this place.  It's well worth the trip and believe me, every time I come to Vegas this is going to be a must stop for me!

Cheers and Eat Responsibly!
While not the best ramen I've ever had, this place comes really close and my friends have told me they are the best in town.  So I have yet to try other ramen places in Vegas because this place is delicious.  Look no further.  The ramen was cooked perfectly both times I've been here, and the pork just melts in your mouth.  I've tried the shoyu and miso, and I prefer the miso.  This place is tiny and can get really busy, so I've eaten at the bar both times.  It doesn't bother me since I know not to go with a big group of people here.  If you sit at the bar, there is a litle shelf near your knees so you can tuck your purse away.  Brilliant!
Ordered the Miso Ramen. Great tasting ramen! I loved the broth, had a rich flavor. The portion was generous and quite affordable considering how much you're getting. Although I don't really would want to get their bowls, my friend ordered the beef belly bowl, expecting it to be as big as the ramen bowl but alas it was really small. 

NOTE: this place is small and gets crowded real quick. Don't come here with a group no bigger than 5-6. You're going to find it real difficult to get a table.
If Naruto was a real person...then this place would be his number one stop in Vegas!
Came here last night at about 10mins before closing. I noticed the waitress was upset that there were last minute customers but nevertheless, she still gave us great service plus the food came out faster because they wanted to close up. She kindly asked to pay ahead because they needed to close the register. Food was still good as last time and their gyoza is far by the tastiest.
It took me a while to finally try Monta after reading about it in a couple local Vegas magazines, and damn was it worth the wait.

I have had a lot of ramen over the past couple of months, trying to find the holy grail of ramen, trying to find the bowl of bowls, trying to find the one bowl by which all other bowls are compared (I am not talking about weed sorry...).  Finally, after searching, I found it in Las Vegas of all place.  The first time I had Monta, I was hungover and it was damn good.  The second time I had it, I was dead sober and it was still damn damn good.  

Honestly, if I could, I would give Monta 5+++ stars.  I have been here a couple of times and have tried all of the broths, and by far, the best broth is the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth (rich, salty, melt in your mouth goodness).  The tonkatsu is a close second because wow, the broth is super-stick-to-your-ribs rich.

Make sure that no matter what you order, make sure to get extra pork and the amazingly, soft-boiled egg, with a slightly soft and runny center.

Go get your ramen on!
Yet another great place off the strip in las vegas.  It was super cold and windy this weekend in vegas so felt like some soup.

This ramen shop is great.   Its very small so you may have to wait a bit.  I went around 4pm on sunday and got the last 2 spots at the bar.

I was very happy with my noodles and the broth.  Also ordered some gyoza and fried rice.  Each were great.  

The gyoza were cooked great.  Steamed first and then fried crispy on one side.  The fried rice was also well made.  Not oily at all and had very good spices.

The menu is not very big but it seems what is on it they do right.  I will be back again.  I just wish it was open 24x7.
Monta does Ramen well.  Nice to find a place like this in Vegas. These places are all over the place in Torrance so the 3 stars..  If this is the only Ramen place in LV, then I'll give them 4+
I think I had my hopes set very high for this place because of all the wonderful reviews; however, it actually did not impress me. =/ 

The food is definitely good (not the best ramen I've ever had, but definitely tasty). I am a HUGE ramen fanatic so I would certainly recommend coming here for a bowl of noodle soup or their excellent fried rice; however, do not let the prices on the menu deceive you! It only APPEARS like you are eating a quality meal for cheap; however, if you upgrade your food to the way you want it (extra noodles, toppings, etc.), it actually comes out to more $$ than you'd expect to pay for a ramen place. The bill came out to almost $40 between 3 people, which for a ramen place is HUGE! 

The service was below mediocre. They weren't attentive and they kept forgetting to bring some essentials... like water, soft drink, etc.. We did not go at a busy time, so unfortunately they had no excuse. 

My friend keeps wanting to go back for their fried rice and I wouldn't mind going back to try a different bowl of ramen either :). Just don't go here thinking you'll have the best ramen and service in town from of all the other yelp and magazine reviews, because then you will end up being disappointed like me... Just come here hoping to have some good food and if you have a large appetite, be prepared to spend extra $$ than you expected.
We were tired of fine dining and buffets so we decided to head to Chinatown for Monta. They have a very simple menu with 3 types of ramen: shoyu, tonkotsu, miso (typical selection) ranging from $6.95-7.50. You also have the option of adding more noodles and toppings for $0.75 -$1.50. They also had gyoza, pork rice bowls, and fried rice. Service was nice and speedy. You can tell the girls here were used to dealing with the crowds.

We tried the tonkotsu ramen and the kim chi fried rice.  Overall the ramen was quite flavorful but the flavors don't compare to our favorite ramen place in San Diego at Izakaya Masa. Monta noodles are much thinner but not mushy or al dente (the way we like). It's served with a couple slice of pork, Asian mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. But I do like that they have pickled ginger and minced garlic jars out for self service.  The fried rice was decent but unremarkable.($6.95)

Overall, a good dining experience with reasonable prices. However, the restaurant is really small. There are only 5 small tables plus a L-shaped bar area for 8, so I would return only with small groups to avoid a long wait.
So i should have made Monta my first yelp review. Lord knows I've prob eaten here more over the past year than anywhere else!
  What can I say about Monta that the other 200 reviews haven't already said? 
        Hmm... well its sooo quick! If you need to do the 30 min lunch this is the place. Listen, its small, but there's a secret! If you come by yourself during lunch-hour you can usually find a single seat at the bar! 
  If you've never been to Monta, the tonkatsu ramen is like chicken noodle soup on steroids, except its pork noodle soup! It's literally the deepest, most intense pork flavor ever!
  As good as this place is, its like 3 times better when its a little chilly outside, really makes it hit the spot. 
PS. Get the egg. And when you get your ramen, flip the egg (which is cold) over, yolk down, for a few mins, soaking in the hot broth!
Ok so we went to Monta on a recommendation from a friend that is would absolutely re-define ramen for me, so me and the Fiancee go to monta and check it out (also forgot to metion that i brought other friends to try it out from the bay area so our party was a total of 9) when we got there we had to wait, the capacity of that place is 26 @_@ wow.

needless to say we were going to take up almost half the restaurant, we waited about 45 minutes and then we were sat. The menu is very simple...pick your broth (tonkotsu, shoyu or miso) and then you are off. The food made it to the table fast, but was not impressed by the flavor nor having to pay per item to make my bowl complete.

so needles to say i would recommend you try it and put your comments up to let people know what to expect before going there. NO one in my party was floored by the flavor and the wait staff was very slow at refilling
I was so happy when they opened this place. There are so many back in cali but i havent seen any here in vegas until monta.  the place is small and menu is simple. but simple usually means that everything should taste great.  all the stuff i order i really enjoy. you can add extras such as corn, extra meat, etc. to your ramen. they have this new flavor tonkasu-shoyu ramen and that is my favorite.  they make their gyoza fresh and they are really good but expensive considering i can buy a entire bag from the store for the same price.

if you are craving noodles and soup this is a nice change up from pho.
I've had the ramen here both eat in and take out and I love it. I've also had the gyoza. I think it's great. Is it like "Ippudo in NYC good"?  No. Is it "Some of the best ramen I've had"?  Yes.

As long as I'm in Vegas and looking for ramen, this will be the place I go... hands down, bar none.
I don't live in Vegas but found this place on Yelp.  Excellent Ramen place...if you're from California, you probably been to Shin-Sen-Gumi.  This place I think is better than Shin...the waitresses here are very friendly and service is excellent.  I would recommend you try their pork ramen...
Amazing food.  Amazing service.  Cheap.  Large portions.  Sesame seeds(!) on the table, with other condiments.  I'll the other Yelpers to the work with the details.  

When my roommate said she wanted Roman Noodles instead of sushi, I thought she was nuts, but wow....I will definitely be returning!
I thought it was tasty. You'll have to add toppings a la carte style. Good service. Check out my ramen pic. Enjoy!
Having been to Japan I can say this ramen is on par. I have been looking for a good ramen place in town and this one looks to be a keeper. The shoyu ramen rocks my world. The broth was light and the noodles cooked al dente. I got mine with extra pork, butter and corn. Slurped it right up. Since I am a bit picky, I usually end up picking out the bamboo shoots, green onions and kikurage.

Not a big fan of the gyoza, a little too many vegetables in them for a carnivore like me.  My mom really enjoyed her tonkotsu ramen. She also went with extra pork as well as nitamago and takana mustard leaf. My bf always gets the miso broth. This time he went for extra noodles in addition to usual his add-ons of pork and egg.

Both times I have been so far has been on a weekend for late lunch. The first time, we didn't wait very long but we did end up sitting at the bar. There were a fair amount of people waiting the second time but they moved fast and the wait for us was reasonable. I would really like to see how they do on a weekday for lunch since it is a hop skip and a jump away from my work.
This place is awesome. Super Japanese style. This place gets packed real fast but you know what it's worth the wait. I love the tonkotsu ramen with the nitamago and i add the grated garlic. Sooo good. The soup is thicker than the other ramens they have there. I had a thicker soup before @ tenkaippin in Oahu. But the tonkotsu is nice and salty, noodles are thin which I wish was a little bit fatter. I guess I like soggy noodles? But anyway they have toppings like chashu, green onion, bamboo, etc that's automatically on there. Omg chashu melts in your mouth! I always add the nitamago and sometimes corn. I've never had nitamago til I came to this place and I have to say that I love it!! I just love that first bite in to the noodles and then chashu and then nitamago. oh and their fried rice is awesome too! Service is fast and they are all so nice. I would actually rate this place 4.5
If you're ever craving for ramen, this is the best ramen place in town! Awesome workers too!!
Good service here, the girl is nice and speedy.  The miso ramen is toooooo salty, but still tastes good. The portions are OK as well, but the price is def a little higher than what I would want to pay for gourmet ramen. Will try again though
Delicious broth, fresh noodles and affordable. Don't know of any ramen place in Vegas so this is a must try if you are a ramen fan! The pork belly rice bowl was also super yummy!
Found Monta in February and fell in love with it.  It's a good sign when there's a line and the majority of the people in line and inside are Japan Japanese.  You can't find tonkotsu ramen like this in Hawaii.  It reminded me of Japan.  In fact Monta surpassed some ramen that I've had in Japan (and I've had my share of ramen).  

The soup is perfect.  Milky pork bone flavor without being too salty or too fatty.

The noodles are tasty and cooked to perfection.  Kaedama (Noodle refill) available too.

The chashuu is the best I've had anywhere.  Blew away Menya Kissou in Tokyo, my previous fav.  Melts in your mouth.

The nita tamago wasn't that good.  Passed on it the second time.  Still cold when served which didn't go well with a hot bowl of noodles.  Hence the 4 stars.

Spent 2 of my 5 lunches here while in Vegas.
Service here is hit or miss. Sometimes excellent, sometimes not so attentive. I've eaten here about 9 or 10 times, and I noticed that it is server dependent. There are 2 servers that seem to consistently let me down, where as the other 2 are always great and work together well to make sure they always check up on us.

The Chasu (bbq pork) here is quite good, IMO it is better than the chasu at the well known Daikokuya in Los Angeles. Oddly, they have 2 different types of ramen noodles here that are ASSIGNED to the type of broth you choose and they will NOT let you choose the other noodles with a different broth. I prefer the noodles they use in the miso ramen, but normally prefer a combination of tonkatsu and shoyu broth. The lack of flexibility is a bit upsetting and leaves the foodie in me yearning for food MY WAY. 

Fortunately, I tried all of their fried rices and rice bowls and have been pretty happy with all of them. My favorite is the pork belly bowl. YUM!!! I add a bit of the crushed garlic, chili oil, and japanese chili flakes to make it absolutely scrumptious. If you like pork (who doesn't), you MUST try this.
This is a small ramen place, they open at 1130 and expect it to be full by 11:45 most days.

They have a small collection of broth options, but the pork bone based one is the best. Get an extra order of the Chasu Pork, because it's unbelievably good. Inexpensive, fast and delicious ramen.  Best in Las Vegas in my opinion.
I love my noodle soup and so glad we tried Monta.  We tried various dishes like Tonkatsu ramen, miso ramen, pork belly with rice and kimchi fried rice.  Everything was delicious.  Like many reviewer commented, adding an egg in your ramen soup is greatly suggested.  The menu is fairly small, but I can go there numerous times a week if I live in Vegas.  Delicious food that won't break your bank.  What's not to love!
Best Japanese Ramen I've ever had! The pork is perfectly marinated. 

Try the pork flavored ramen with hard boiled eggs (must) and corn. I like to have a side dish of kim-chi on the side also.
So I was nursing a Las Vegas hangover (you know, still drunk at 9 am kinda hangover) by lying in fetal position in the back of the car, clutching a gigantic bottle of powerade, and damning myself for my excessive behavior (hey, only in Vegas!)
My cousin said she that she had the perfect hang over cure.
"Jamba Juice?" I groaned painfully.
"No, we're going to Monta."
The thought of food made my stomach churn.
We walked in and were seated at one of the bigger tables. I made it a point to sit next to the wall so I can rest my head. I asked for a hot tea, and alas they serve no hot drinks. Sorry, one star off for that one.
I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen. Even just the smell of the broth was oh so soothing - I felt my headache fade away with every slurp of the soup and ramen. From my understanding, they put great care into their broth by letting it boil down for hours. It is creamy, salty, and hot. Essentially, a perfect cap to a crazy night. The noodles were quite delicious too - it was slightly crispy and went very well with the soup. Tonkatsu comes with two pork pieces. You can order extra sides to put in your ramen (I felt like corn that day), but they do charge you.
I also had a side order of fried rice, which I thought was very salty. It is good, but it needs something to offset the saltiness.
The service was also prompt, and our server was quite cheery and polite.  The boys at our table kept mentioning how cute she was too.
Ramen done right!  The ramen here is incredible. Great service in this tiny little gem and fantastic ramen.  Search it out and make yourself Happy!
Food: 4 stars
Service: 3.5 stars
Value: 4 stars

Our friend suggested this little ramen place because it has pretty good reviews on Yelp. The ramen with two thin slices of pork,and the broth were very tasty. The portion was decent and the price was very affordable. I was happy about this place and it definitely made it into my "must go in Vegas" list.
I love this place, great lunch spot and for dinner too.  For lunch you can keep it light with just a soup so you don't pass out later in the day.  For dinner you can get soup plus some gyoza or fried rice (which is the bomb, I love it here)

A new thing which is not on the menu is that you can get a mix of the Tonkatsu and the Shoyu broth, that's what I get.  In addition, I always add corn and chopped onion, and an egg if I'm in the mood.

Server's are very friendly, and they work very fast and efficient. It's not a place where you're gonna chill for 3 hours and hang out, the place is small so people are in and out pretty fast.

A little side note:  They have cans of Japanese iced tea which I had in Japan and never had in the US until coming here.  I love that!
This place is great, smaller restaurant but it too has a very Japanese feel.  Not by a bunch of bought Japanese decor just by atmosphere, steaming pots of broth and cooks in plan sight getting your order ready.  Simple condiments, no extra American or generic Asian stuff but authentic to a noodle house.  

Reminds me of living in Japan.
Attention: This is NOT the ramen you ate in college, it's about 1000x better.  The Tonkatsu I had tonight was delicious, and the pork they serve with it was flavorful, buttery, and fell about when you tried to pick it up, in other words, perfect.  The noodles were done perfectly, to what most would consider al dente, and held up really well to the broth.  I got a side of kim chi to go with it, and they paired really nicely.  It's a small restaurant in the back of a strip mall in Chinatown, but if you don't mind the drive and maybe missing it once or twice, I would say you need to go here at least once to try good ramen if you haven't had it before.
Ok, gave this place another try and I still have to say I'm not a devotee. 

I did enjoy the ramen quite a bit, I daresay a little more than on my first visit. I got the tonkatsu and this time I avoided the mustard greens hoping to reduce the salty taste. Pretty good, but the broth is still a little too salty for me. My fella loved it and he'd probably give it a higher rating, so maybe it's just me.

It'll still be my go-to place for ramen in town though.
Since my mother is from Japan, I have eaten a lot of ramen in my life. I also admit that I am pretty picky when it comes to good ramen. 

My husband and I finally decided to try Monta. We heard from a few friends that this was one of the best noodle houses in town. We stopped in on a Monday at around 12:30 pm. It was crowded, but we were able to get seated right away since a few parties left at the same time. The restaurant is really tiny. I saw the sign on the wall that said the seating capacity was only 26 people. We sat at the bar, which was kind of cool because I got to the see the employees preparing the ramen in their kitchen. 

Sadly, I was disappointed. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen. I'm not sure if we just came in on a bad day, but I thought the noodles were too hard and the broth didn't have much flavor at all. Also thought the Chasu was weird. It was easy to eat because it was sliced very thin, but I did not like that slimy ring of fat around it. My husband felt the same way about his Tonkatsu Ramen. 

Service was not the best either. The employees were slow with drink refills and they seemed to be more attentive to the larger parties in the restaurant. We waited a long time for our bill after eating.

Sorry, but this place just does not live up to all the hype. I would prefer having ramen across the street at Shuseki.
My first experience at Monta wasn't very good despite all the gleaming reviews I've read. The tonkatsu ramen tasted slightly gamy and was way too salty. I gave them another shot and it was a lot better. Gone was the gamy flavor of the broth. It was good but not amazing, in my opinion. Not the kind of broth you want to drink up. The chashu pork had a slightly smoky flavor and was OK. The nice wait staff and the cheap ramen help me see the attraction to this place. However, compared to other ramen places, I don't believe Monta's ramen stands out in presentation and flavor.
I first read about this place in Vegas weekly. I love ramen especially in the winter. i think it's a great little place. The menu is small but the things they make are done extremely well. It can get crowded on weekends so I suggest going during week days if you can. It's also great because I can go by myself and sit at the bar area and not feel weird haha Simple and reasonable= me likey!
The place is pack within few minutes from opening. Lucky us, we get here 5 minutes before opening.  Ramen are so-so...I've tried better ones. Not too much selections on the toppings.
I took my friend Gerald here when he said he was itching for ramen. At first, I was going to take him to Togishi Ramen (how come I didn't know this place was closed!?!? I'm sooo sad!) but once I discovered that it was closed, we tried this place on a recommendation from a friend. For me, this was my second attempt at this place because the first time it was packed. There's a little bench in front of the restaurant that had at least four people sitting on it and three more people waiting. 

When we got there, we were seated immediately. The place was very small and tight, but there was definitely a Japanese feel to it. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with cha shu pork and green onions. Gerald had the same thing but instead of the green onions, he added a soft boiled egg (after I saw his, I wanted an egg too!!!) The service was quick, pleasant and honestly, was what was expected. I was not disappointed. 
As for my ramen...it was delicious!!! It was the perfect temperature, had just enough flavor and hit the spot!! I only had two disappointments: 

1) The limited menu - I enjoyed what I had, but I think I would have liked to see more choices. 
2) Feeling rushed - not by the staff, but by the people who were waiting. They just stood by my table and I felt like they were rushing us because their party was seated right next to me. Not the restaurant's fault, but perhaps they should come up with a seating system or take reservations for large parties or peak periods. 

I will definitely try this place again! I give my ramen 4 stars, but until I try something else on their menu, I'll stick with my 3. Yummy ramen if you're craving it!
Why does everyone like this place?

I see everyone's check-ins on FB and ppl rave about this place.

But, seriously. 2 stars --- I've had better!

I think it didn't help that I was expecting a place to blow me away the way Honolulu's Goma Tei noodles blow me away. 

To me the broth was too salty. I barely like soy sauce, I can't enjoy salty broth.

Meh.
After all the rave reviews, my husband and I decided to try it.  We got there early, and just in the nick of time, because 10 mins. later the place was packed with people waiting in line.  Husband and I ordered and it took a much longer time to prepare than should have been for the type of food we had.  I had Tonkatsu ramen with extra chasu (bad move) green onions and corn.  The green onions were finely shredded and placed on top like a haystack, and the corn just piled on top.  The chasu was thin and soft and fell apart when picked up.  The broth did not have much flavor.

I couldn't understand why this place did such a wonderful business when right across the street at Hue Thai you can get a wonderful bowl of pho for the same price, and don't have to pay for any extras.  They also have bahn mi (sandwiches) for which they bake their own wonderful bread.  

Skip Monta Noodles and get your noodles at Hue Thai!  I don't work for either place. but am a regular at Hue Thai, and will continue to be.
With the exception of Daikokuya in L.A.,  Monta Noodle House has the best  Ramen I've ever had. It's a small, out of the way place with very friendly staff and great prices for the quality of food. I've added Monta to my mandatory stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
Monta is an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant. From the moment you enter its cramped, busy little space with a cheerful greeting from the staff to the satisfied feeling of a bellyful of delicious ramen it's a wonderful experience. The ramen is on-par with the real stuff in Japan, and the Tonkotsu and Miso varieties are especially good. The gyoza and fried rice leave a bit to be desired but as this is primarily a ramen restaurant that can be forgiven. The beer is cheap too, with Asahi on tap for about $2.95 a glass. All in all it's a wonderful experience and if you are looking for authentic ramen in Las Vegas this is your best bet.
Awesome... . The place was packed at lunch and you know a place is good when the waiting area is standing room only and the folks waiting are staring at you to finish. Max occupancy is like 40 ppl. I had the Tonkatsu Ramen... the broth was awesome and the pork was tender and very tasty. Not too salty as others have said. Beware, the menu is very limited.. just the ramen and a couple rice bowls. I would definitely be back but at an off meal hour.... eating is no fun when people are drooling watching you eat your meal and standing over you waiting for you to finish. (4 stars only because of the cramped atmosphere)
Easily on par with the best ramen houses LA has to offer.  Distance from my house (5 hrs if the CHP are being assholes) is just about the only thing stopping me from getting fat here (Oh wait, I'm already fat).  And as someone who up until recently had only eaten inside the hotels, the prices are HELL FREAKING AWESOME! (As in reasonably cheap :)
My husband and I went to NY and had the famous Ippudo Ramen Noodles (you have to wait approx two hours there).

So when we got back to Las Vegas, we were raving it and was looking for a place in Vegas that does handmade Ramen Noodles. And this isnt like the ramen that is .$50 for a box... these are great! I will not be able to eat noodles the same way again!

My husband and I have had their  Tonkotsu Ramen & their Shoyu ramen. You can also add extra noodles for $2 more... if you save your soup and ask for "Kaedama."

Be careful... it is a small place... so they don't do big parties or reservations... and there can be a long wait around the evening hours.
Simply Delish!!!! so I've been on a noodle soup phase as of late, and coming from Phoenix where we lack many ramen shops this place fit the bill! LOVED it! the menu's simple four type of ramen soups, gyoza, and six side items. SIMPLE and really good!! I got the Tonkatsu ramen, the broth was so flavorful, wasn't greasy and it tasted just right, I got an extra order of Chashu pork and ordered the ramen as is. The serving size was plenty! we also ordered gyoza, at Monta you're able to mix all the necessary ingredients for the gyoza dipping sauce and make it spicier if you want. Anyways, my overall experience was great, and I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas.
I had the tonkotsu ramen. The broth is on the salty side but that's the way it should be. It should be salty and silky. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the chashu was heavenly! It's the best chashu I've had!

If people want a less salty broth, then I would suggest trying the shoyu ramen or the combo (tonkotsu shoyu).

Btw, it's tonkOtsu not tonkAtsu. Tonkatsu is breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet. Get it straight people!
I have only had ramen at a few places but this is the best I have had.  I get the miso ramen and it is such a smooth yummy broth.  I love how you can choose what toppings you want on it and i love the condiments as well.  This place is not very big so if you go during a busy time you may have to wait a little bit but if ramen is what you want, i think its the best place in vegas.
Wanting a light lunch, we headed on over to Chinatown to get our Ramen on. This place is located not far from the Vegas strip in a little shopping center. The restaurant is on the smaller side, yet has a comfey vibe. Our waitress was friendly and gave us a moment to look over the simple menu they have. 

I ordered:

Shoyu Ramen- Brown and clear color broth, based on a chicken and vegetable stock with plenty of soy sauce added resulting in a soup that's tangy, salty, and savory yet still fairly light on the palate. Added a seasoned hard boiled egg to the soup.

For $6.95 they hook it up with a large bowl filled with equal amounts of broth and noodles. The seasoned hard boiled egg was delish and not dry or rubbery. Added some garlic paste and that soup was the biznass!! 
Friendly service + great prices = One happy full customer!!!
Probably the best japanese ramen place in town. Its tucked in a little corner on Spring Mountain across SF market so you might actually miss it. The restaurant is actually quite small and if you come during peak lunch hours, you might have a 20-30 min (which is what happened to me).

You have 4 broth flavors to choose from: 

Tonkotsu (very savory) - My favorite
Shoyu (salty/soy sauce)
Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination of the first two which tastes funky to me)
Miso 

Each comes with 2 slices of chashu, some bamboo shoots and green onion. You have the option of adding more chashu, boiled egg, corn, kimch etc. Usually 2 slices of chashu isn't enough for me since its a GIGANTIC bowl of ramen and I can never finish it. They do have rice dishes and gyoza which is okay but not the best. Bill came out to be around $20 for two noodles so very reasonable.
Holy crap..this place was good.

I went there around lunch time and the place looked like it was going to blow up.  The restaurant is very small and it was jampacked.  I'm talking like elbows to elbows.This might annoy some people, but in a way I found it to be charming and like any standard ramen venues you will find in Japan.  It's as real as it gets, as for the venue at least.  As for the ramen, it gets even better.

I waited about 10-15 minutes, sat down, placed my order and waited for about 10 minutes for the ramen to come out.  Not bad, considering there was a lot people in the restaurant.

The ramen was so, so tasty.  Not too hot, the noodles were juicy, and the soup was not salty nor sweet.  I have tried Japanese ramen many times in the past, and I notice that the ramen is ruined because the ramen is too salty or there's too many damn vegetables floating around.  Luckily, for the ramen here at Monta, it was all love.  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and it was pretty damn good.

The service was speedy, but great nonetheless.  The waitress took our orders, filled our waters, and gave me the check as soon as I asked for it.  All in all, great experience.

I wanna point out that this is a ramen house, so don't expect a variety in their menu.  They have some chicken bowls and gyozas, yeah, but nothing like sushi or whatever.  You won't be wanting it anyway, the ramen steals the show.

PRO: The ramen is great, service is speedy, food comes out quick
CON: May get a bit crowded, might have to wait 10-30min on peak hours
Ramen flows in my bloodstream. I'm selective with ramen and I know when it's good. This un-nutritious sodium filled bowl of broth and noodles can make or break my day.

Nothing will beat great ramen houses in LA or NY, but being in Vegas, finding a good ramen joint is satisfaction. Monta ramen is located in Chinatown off Spring Mountain.

I opted for the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen  6.95
Tonkotsu-Shoyu ("pork bone and special shoyu base") Ramen has a cloudy white colored broth. The broth is like a mix of the Tokyo and Kyushu style blend.

I added green onions and hard boiled eggs.

I prefer the thicker broth and it delivered. It was creamy but not overly fatty. The eggs were cooked to perfection with a moist yolk. The noodles weren't undercooked. I had extra noodles afterwards for $1.50. 

In the end, I was filled with pleasure and satisfaction. It wasn't the perfect bowl of ramen but I left satisfied.
I truly love this little gem of a Ramen House, with its limited seating and understated elegance.

Okay let be honest, there's only one dish, served three different ways, with a few small sides dishes and add-ons. But boy do they make that one dish well.

The place is usually pretty busy, and there are few seats to choose from. But a chair at the bar provides somewhat of a show as the cooks stack the bowls to warm them in preparation of the noodles which they shake free of their excess water with a particular flare.

You're in and out in no time and if you leave hungry, you probably didn't ask the waitresses for help in making your decision.

On a side note: it's not uncommon to find yourself sitting next to a beautiful and fascinating young woman - just don't blow it.
This is the best noodle house in las vegas! It's a small venue but the service and food is awesome!  

They only have 4 different types of noodles but believe me you will be satisfied with selecting anyone of them.  If your still hungry, save your soup because they can add more noodles for you and make sure to always add the extra chashu pork.  It's soooooo goooooddd!
Just came back from here and I'm satisfied. We've ordered Tonkotsu Ramen, Mentaiko-Don, Cold Noodle (Hiyashi Chuka), Dumplings and Fried Rice. Place was so small, constantly packed and it's seems to be in-n-out kinda place. Definitely not the best place to relax and have a long conversation with friends over the meal. You eat, you get out. Service was ok. Nothing exceptional, but not rude either. Portion is kinda small but I usually eat noodles with something else anyways, so it worked out just fine. I really liked fried rice there... more than noodles. Noodles was great, not the best I've ever had, but I was certainly happy.
Oh I just went through my camera bag and found my CF card and some lost photos of Monta.
Great place need to go back soon ... enjoy the photos
yum yum yum! this place is a solid 3.5 star! i can't say that they were comparable to all the A+ ramen joints i've been to back home, but for vegas after a long tiring day ....?? it was godly!

we came in with a  party of 5 and were seated pretty much right away. we quickly ordered and our food came out immediately!  Piping hot with a nice flavorful broth! since it was all hot and humid outside, i wanted to take it down a notch with the richness of the broth, so i ordered my ramen with "less sodium/lighter broth" and it was still very delicious. it was also a nice change from the regular thick broth that my ramen usually comes in. 

the place is pretty small but i dont think a whole lot of people know about it, especially visitors to vegas. definitely stop by when you're in the area if you want a good meal!
Went to monta noodle ... try it ...i think its decent but not supper impressing me ... lil cheap on meat aye ,,,, the broth is ok ... a touch more salt than it needed ... lack a lil nature sweetness ( maybe more bone and vegie to bring out sweetness) ... overall i would give it a 6 out of 10 ...
We went yesterday for lunch and the hubs wants to go back today. That pretty much sums it up. It was that good. We went with our two daughters, which enabled us to try most of the noodle offerings. 

I had the Tonkotsu (not to be confused with TonKAtsu), my husband had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and the girls both had the Miso. We also shared a pork belly bowl. Everything was spot on delish. The Tonkotsu is the heaviest, richest broth...delicious, but I think I'll wait until the weather cools before ordering it again. The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is a combo of the richer Tonkotsu and the lighter, clearer Shoyu broth. It had the richness from the Tonkotsu, but the Shoyu gave it a delicious brightness. We did not get to try the plain Shoyu as both girls insisted on Miso. The Misi was also very good, but did not out-shine the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. The toppings were perfect...thin slices of ultra tender chasu (pork), strips of mushroom and pickled red ginger (nothing like sushi ginger).

The Pork Belly Bowl was everything the name suggests. Tender, well seasoned pork belly atop sticky rice. So good. We like to sprinkle the toasted sesame seeds on top.

The service was fast, friendly and very welcoming. The place is tiny as are most noodle houses you find in Japan. We went at 2:30 in the afternoon and were able to get a table right away. (was almost hoping they'd be packed...forcing us to go to Raku *sigh* my fav, lol)

Heads up! As of June 1st they are offering Hayashi Chuka which is a cold Japanese noodle dish. Perfect for summer. We didn't order it this visit, but will definitely be headed back soon. It is a favorite of ours, but we've only had it in friends' kitchens. They serve canned soft drinks, and our whole family highly recommends you give the Calpico a go. It's tangy, almost reminiscent of the original tangy flavor yogurt at Red Mango or Pinkberry. Very refreshing :)
Short menu. Great food. I will be back. If you are looking for a Ramen house that feels like you could have just walked in from a street in Dotonbori, Osaka, this is it.
This place has the best ramen in Vegas! The place is very tiny but I love sitting at the bar where you get a full view of what's going on in the kitchen. I like to order the miso ramen with golden corn. I'm no expert in miso but it's the most delicious I have ever had! The fried rice and gyoza are also really good too although sometimes the gyoza comes out stuck together and rip when you pull them apart. Otherwise the service has always been great and friendly, but winter time is the best to go because they have no air-conditioning!
YUM YUM YUM...YUMMY Alert!!!  Me and my fiance finally checked this place out and have eaten there two more times. When you finally find it in this strip mall the whole in the wall is a treasure. You can tell you are there because there is always people waiting out side and cars all around the one door.

This place is SMALL and HOT! There is a little wrap around bar that holds about 6-8 people and then maybe 5 tables. It is warm in there but no one seems to care. Everyone just eats there hot ramen noodles in the hot restaurant.

The ramen is so yummy! Get the egg added to your soup. That is the only add on I would recommend. I have had two of the broths and they are so rich and yummy.  You really cannot go wrong. 

This place is NOODLEISH!
It was 105 degrees outside. 

TURN THE FRICKIN' A/C UP DAMMIT!!!

My buddy and I wandered in here for our last meal in Vegas before heading home for LA. Read some positive reviews so we decided to check it out.

Service was very nice and friendly, I'd give it a 4. My miso ramen was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with a 4 though. My friend had the tonkotsu and didn't really like it because it came with thin noodles (won ton noodle type) which he wasn't expecting. So just a heads up for anyone who is concerned about that sort of thing.

But the big kicker was that whoever runs the place has the temp dialed up to an abnormally warm level. We sat there the whole meal with sweat running off our foreheads and trying to fan ourselves with our shirts. Just on this issue alone I would not go back. We really couldn't finish up our food fast enough to get out of the restaurant and back into the car so we could turn on some A/C! Totally ruined the experience for us and this part gets the establishment a 2 in my book. 

So YMMV but I would not go unless it's nightime... or winter.
For a place that's doing so well and getting to be extremely popular, you think they'd have more capabilities to upgrade their AC system or even turn it up a few notches... 

But nope! Located in Las Vegas, over 100* in the summer and serving nothing but boiling soup AND an open kitchen that lets heat from the stove circulate throughout the extremely small dining area...Monta is a great place to dine in the winter, but in the summer, you'd have to eat it with struggle. I'd hate to give it less than 4 stars because of its environment, since the food is delicious, but Monta is one of those places where it's really a diamond in the rough, and it will eventually affect the way you feel about the meal overall.

The restaurant itself is very tiny. It sits up to around 30 people max and because of its popularity, it is always packed. They have about 10 items on their menu only, with 4-5 of it being their specialty noodles. The broth here is superb, especially their miso flavored ramen. It is very rich and buttery in taste. The soup is not salty at all, and their noodles are extremely fresh and chewable. It is almost uniquely sweet when you bite into them. The char siu pork that comes with the noodles (japanese pork with soy on the outer skin and slow BBQ) is delicious. The meat is thinly sliced and fatty at the same time. When you bite into it, with the combination of the buttery taste of the broth, you will get an almost guilty sensation of rich flavors. It is really worth the experience, if you can deal with the heat. 

Monta gives you the option of adding extra items into your ramen, each of it having a charge from like .50 to $3 ... The only thing that is worth the extra charge (since I ordered it all before-- not worth it!) is the boiled egg, butter, and extra char siu. Everything else will just overwhelm your soup and by the time you're done eating half.. the soup will be soggy and floating with stuff in it. 

Just beware though, the standard price starts off at like 6.95.. But  if you get carried away with the extra sides... your ramen can come out to about $14 without you even realizing it!
Ordered the kim chi fried rice, green tea (did not expect it to be in a can), and a light brothed ramen noodle soup with pork belly, shredded mustard greens, bamboo shreds, and black mushroom strips. The pork belly was first class, the rest of the soup was too salty for my taste...I can imagine that it would have been perfect with 50% less salt. The kim chi fried rice was also a little salty. For the price, the overall quality was only soso. 

Oh, I also ordered gyoza, which was just average at best.

I will say that the atmosphere seemed authentic and very Japanese with the cute waitresses screaming the orders to the kitchen in Japanese.

If the food were less salty, this place could easily get at least 4 stars.
I can not tell a lie.  My knowledge of ramen consists of dry squares from the supermarket you put in hot water and that food that Naruto really loves (I know I'm nerd, big surprise).  Needless to say I'm no ramen connoisseur.   On the other hand it was like my eyes were opened to a whole new world.  Like the time I realized that there was better anime and that Naruto is really just middle of the road (I had to close the book on that one).
So Monta is a nice small little place. you come in and the waitress greets you like she's a character straight out of anime (no I haven't been watching a lot of anime lately . . . maybe).  You sit, she gives you the menu, you order and it was on our table in just a couple of minutes!  Now that's service.  Heck, I may have even flirted with her once or twice in the evening.  I can't tell, I watch anime.  
The place stayed busy throughout but it didn't seem till we were nearly done that there seemed to be any wait time especially considering the quick service.
Now as for the food itself, my friend recommended the tonkotsu and he deserves a pat on the back for that.  The broth was full of flavor.  I didn't even need to put the garlic on it but I was just curious if that would taste better was well . . . AND IT DID!  The noodles were yummy, the small pieces of pork in it were excellent, and the glass of water refreshing!  
I may not be an expert in ramen but now I'm wishing I can be one.  I'm already talking with co-workers about visiting again soon.  For such a cheap price, it's both tasty and pretty damn filling.  Two thumbs up.
It's small but they serve really quick and their noodle with soup is so awsome! Mostly crowded but you can have seats quickly.
This is the best place I've been too for japanese noodles.  Its a small place and often crowded, so get there early!  I don't live in Vegas, and this place is not easy to get to for a tourist.  But I'm really glad I found it and I know I'll try to go back every time I'm in town.  Oh, the dumplings were really good too.
I went to Vegas recently for a mini-getaway, and being the crazy ramen aficionados that we are, my boyfriend and I HAD to come here and try this place during our trip.

We both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with extra chashu and hard-boiled (more like deliciously and perfectly soft-boiled!) egg.  The broth was absolutely delicious--just the right amount of flavor and rich pork fatty goodness to make it taste perfect!  Even though it was 103 degrees outside, I didn't care.  I ate and drank the entire bowl clean.  Gluttony at its finest.  Woo!  I was extremely impressed with the quality and texture of their chashu.  It was marinated just right and they really did cook it for hours to get it to really melt in my mouth!  The moment I bit into a piece, I didn't even really have to chew at all...it immediately disintegrated into orgasmic morsels of ecstasy and rocked a party in my mouth!  The egg was perfection...just the way all ramen "hard-boiled" (I still think they should call them "soft-boiled"...it just suits the texture better!) eggs should be.  The yolk was nice and and gooey and soft.  It complimented the ramen broth so well!  Needless to say, I wolfed down the entire bowl in about 10 minutes or less. hehe ^_^  

We also got an order of the regular fried rice, and the only thing I can say is that it is THE BEST Japanese fried rice I have EVER had in my life thus far (in the States).  The rice was so extremely flavorful and light (because too much oil is a no-no).  Sprinkled with those little slices of heaven known as their chashu and plenty of pickled ginger, it tasted PHENOMENAL.  That was the 2nd party that rocked my mouth in one sitting!  Boy, what an awesomely dining experience!

Exquisite ramen.  Good price.  Great service.  Will most DEFINITELY have to visit again whenever we're in the area.

Oh, and my brother (who doesn't eat pork) also came with us.  He ordered the kimchi (or spicy?) fried rice without the pork and REALLY enjoyed his food.  He was even full off just that one single plate, so their portions are very reasonable, considering the elephant-sized appetite that he has.
Living in the Los Angeles area the past couple of years, there are tons of ramen noodle places, yet I was pleasantly surprised to find this little joint in the ol' LV.

Menu items of note:

Ramen - well of course, duh!

Lately, I've been getting the Tonkotsu-shoyu flavored broth.  The slices of pork are quite tender and soft, cooked to perfection.  Broth tends to be slightly on the thicker side, but tasty.  Always gotta get the add-on hard boiled egg with semi soft yolk.  The texture of the noodles always comes out right for me.

Service:
The waitresses are always friendly to me and very polite.  I think most, if not all of them, are Japanese, which is a good thing, considering I'm eating ramen.

Reasons why I come here:
The poker kitchen at the Rio is consistently lackluster every summer, and when I only have one hour for dinner, this is one of the best options.  

Also, ramen is one of the hallmark foods of the modern day peasant.  I encourage all other like minded peasants to join me in celebration of......our peasantry? *Fist Pump*
Tired of the busy and often pricey food on the strip, wife and I decided to venture out to the Chinatown area in search of some alternatives.  Based on the Yelp review we landed at Monta, and was pleasantly surprised!  The ramen noodle are the thin firm style which we loved, and the tonkosu broth was excellent!  The place is small but cozy, waitress are friendly.  My only gripe is they don't have one in So Cal area where I live.  Definitely heading back there again.
Holy upgrade! 

It's been a while since we've been back to Monta.  It's not because it's not delicious.  Believe me it is the very delicious!  We finally came back for ramen last night and the entire experience was such an upgrade!  Two air conditioning units added in and no wait on a Tuesday night.  Hooray!

Now onto the food.  Move over Bun Thit Nuong, Taiwanese cold noodles, and Naeng Myun.  Summer cold noodles got a new MVP!  Cold ramen noodles at Monta Ramen.  What better dish to eat than cold al dente ramen noodles mixed in with a tangy light yuzu soy sauce and crunchy toss-in's of fungus, cucumber, bean sprouts, egg, pop of mustard and of course, you can't forget the FATTY FATTY cha-shu!

Conclusion:  Monta Ramen cold noodles during summer time.  Monta Ramen hot noodles during the winter time.  FTW.
I've been to some premium ramen joints in North America (Kintaro in Vancouver BC and Ippudo in NYC), so I definitely came in here with tempered expectations.  In addition to the traditional Japanese greeting by the staff as you come in and an open kitchen view of the chefs preparing the food, what struck me was the significant number of older Japanese business men who had come in with their suits folded against their shoulders on a blistering hot summer day to order a steaming bowl of noodles!  That clued me in this was perhaps the real deal.

Being my first time here, I went with the Tonkatsu ramen, which is ramen in pork broth stewed for several hours.  Bonus points for speed since I could have sworn my entree arrived within 2 minutes from the time I ordered.  Step one is tasting the broth:  the broth was at once unctuous and velvety smooth with intense flavors of marrow and porkified goodness without seeming overtly greasy/oily.  

Moving onto the noodles, there should definitely be some spring when you chew on the noodles and these were definitely on par with the other places I've visited with just the right amount of "al dente" and some umami embedded within the noodles themselves.  

Finally there's the pork which is marinated in soy and cut paper thin with a thin lining of fat that has condensed into a perfect strip of pork belly perfection that is just right for the creamy broth it is bathed in since any more would cause the pork to loose it's distinct note.  The basic order also includes some bamboo shoots and kikurage (japanese seaweed) and it is a steal of a deal at 6.99, but I think what would have completed my experience was the addition of a few toppings such spring onions or mustard greens (for a few bucks more) to cut through the richness of the broth and add some additional textures and color.  There is also the option to add a hard-boiled egg or to get an extra serving of noodles if you're needing something more substantial.

All in all, definitely an authentic joint that measures up to the greats and will be somewhere I will frequent again and again especially during the colder months.
Yep, visited only a couple of days later for lunch with co-workers.   We all had to be there before it opened at 11:30 or else we'd never have enough to eat.  There was a line before it opened and there were always at least a few people who had to wait either at the entrance way or outside at all times.  Also important, your whole party has to be there or you won't be seated.

And yes, yet again the tonkotsu impressed.  I love it!  And this time I ordered the extra chashu.  That meat in that delicious broth is just perfect.  Maybe one day I'll be compelled enough to order at refill for less than two bucks, but trust me when I say that one bowl is perfect and hits me in the right spot.  This might become a regular stop for lunch, of course provided I get there early enough.
Best Ramen in Town IMHO... The Miso ramen broth is savory and quite rich, but a bit too salty for me. I tend to lean more towards the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen where for me the broth is to my liking. All ramens are delicious though and I would recommend trying them all. My favorite adds are extra chashu pork, egg, shreaded green onion. I alway leave enough broth to order Kaedama (extra noodles).
Thank you Yelp!!! After a disasterous meal at Ichiza the night before, Monta was a refreshing change.

The ramen bowls aren't super huge but the food is delicious! I ordered the hiyashi chuka special on the board (cold noodles) with ponzu sauce and no mustard. The noodles were deliciously chewy and the dressing hit the spot. It came with a large portion of shredded egg omelette, cucumbers, tomatoes, and their awesome chasu.

We also had the pork belly bowl to share and it was awesome! The pork was tender and juicy. 

Tonkotsu ramen had broth that had good depth.

Come here early or you'll have to wait since the tables and seats are very limited!
I've only been here a few times, and I enjoyed a lot eating the ramen, I always order the Tonkotsu since it's the best one, according to my friends.
The ramen sure taste good, but the only bad thing is that it's too salty for me. The place is really small so it's really packed when it's busy. I like how I get to see the kitchen when eating :] 
I think this is the best ramen place in Vegas, and I will always come here to eat ramen, but it's not the best in U.S. (I like the one in little tokyo more)
Was visiting for a few days, why oh why did I wait until my last day  shere?  Tonkatsu ramen was creamy and savory at the same time, delicious!  Gyoza was also memorable.

What I wish were not so memorable were the waitresses yelling the orders to the kitchen.  Please don't yell over my head, why don't you actually start shouting out the order to the kitchen when you have completed your short walk over there instead?
Excellent place for noodles. I mean, really really good. It was hot as heck in Vegas and we still went to go get noodles for lunch. Place gets packed pretty early on, but well worth the wait. 

Vegas has Monta, LA has Hakata Ramen Shin-Sen-Gumi.
Im in love! Tonkatsu ramen mmmmm and pork belly bowl! I'm sad when there's a wait!
Small ramen house - max occupancy is 26 people. Thus there is going to be a wait for a table or a seat at the bar. As most people mention, it is worth the wait. The waitresses are friendly and efficient. We ordered ramen but also gyoza and fried rice. I liked the fact that everything came out at the same time, which is not the case at some restaurants. 

The tonkatzu broth is richer and hearty, while the shoyu (soy sauce based) broth is clearer. Comes with basic toppings and if you want more (noodles, pork) or additions like corn and kim chee, it's an add-on.

Overall, great bowl of ramen with good texture noodles (not overcooked) with friendly, efficient service. I'll have to try the pork belly bowl next time.
This place is amazing!!! Coming back to visit my family after moving away from Vegas, my brother decided to bring me here. Being in the Navy and travelled around, he said this is the most legit ramen house he's found since being in Japan. Not having left the country since I was 5, I took his word for it.

Boy, was I impressed! It's SO worth the wait for a spot in the tiny hole-in-the-wall!
I'd been craving ramen and haven't had any luck finding a good place to try in the Bay Area, this really hit the spot! I got the shoyu-tonkatsu broth which was rich and savory. I love that you can add different ingredients to personalize your meal. While my brothers opted for nori, I chose mustard greens. The sour crunch of the veggies balanced well with the salty, buttery broth. It appealed to my Filipino-taste buds in just the perfect way.

I wasn't overly-stuffed with my meal - I couldn't imagine ordering a double noodle portion!!! - but I was definitely satisfied. This is one of the things I'll miss about Vegas, besides my family.
Simple amazing.  The noodles here were fantastic with a nice variety of different sauces to completely customize your meal.  
I had the Shoyu Ramen and it was wonderful.  The noodles and pork were fantastic.  The broth was also incredibly flavorful with a smoother, milder taste.  I tried the tonkatsu broth too which is equally wonderful but in a more milky, slightly heavier way.  The gyoza was also great especially paired with some of the sauces. 
This was definitely one of the best things I have eaten in a long time.  The fact that I was hungover and had spent the morning in the desert only added to the greatness.

The place had a very nice, and subtle ambiance.  The place was clean, the decorations were very simple but had personality and the place drew a nice crowd that was more than just the tourists that clog the Strip.  The wait staff was also incredibly helpful, efficient, and friendly.  I liked that when my table ordered the gyoza they said it would be ready in seven minutes.  Now that's service!  Oh, and they have A/C now. so your desert heat fears can be alleviated.

If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip and also want some great Ramen this is the place to go.  I definitely recommend going.  Also, great hangover food.
When you think of ramen you would think Cup 'O' noodles but after coming here for the first time I will never think of ramen the same way again. The place is pretty small and seats about about 30 people, but from what I've heard from people that have been to Japan the look and feel of the place would be your typical ramen house. The first time I visited Monta was with a group of 6 and the wait wasn't that bad considering it was during lunch and the place was pretty packed. I also liked the fact that you can sit at the counter in front of the cooks so you can see all the action going on in the kitchen.

The food here is awesome, from the ramen to the gyoza to the pork belly bowl all are simple dishes with outstanding flavor. I've tried both the Shoyu and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen the only difference was the broth where the tonkotsu was a pork bone flavored broth. In both they put slices of pork which have been slowly braised to the point it melts in your mouth. So if you're a pork lover this is the place to come check out. The noodles are cooked to perfection and by watching the cooks they use a fresh noodles in which they cook to order. The texture combination of the soft pork and the chewy noodles makes you want more and more.

I guarantee you will never pick up the package ramen ever again after you've visited Monta. So if your looking for a quick bite and want quality Japanese ramen come check out Monta it will make you say "cup 'o' what???"
And I still....LOVE Monta! 

Cold noodles on a 110 degree day...perfect! I love their cold noodles! It is filled with yummy things like cucumbers, eggs, bamboo shoots, bean sprouts "mushroom/fungi" and of course the fatty pork. Since I tried it a couple of weeks ago, I haven't strayed from the cold to the hot. The mustard is a bit spicy for my taste so I always have them leave it off.  I've only tried the sesame sauce thus far, but I am pretty content with it. For the price you pay, you definitely get your money's worth. I've always had to take half of it home to eat it for later which works out for me since I love leftovers! 

I also ordered the small pork belly bowl.... that sauce with rice is heaven! I love Monta and I love how efficient and fast the food comes out. If you are coming for lunch, it's packed at 11:30 when they first open, so come later if you can.
it was so crowded i ordered take out. it was one of the best and one and only japanese ramen place i found in Vegas coming from Hawaii which have ramen houses all over the island. the tonkotsu broth was so creamy and good and the mentaiko rice bowl was delicious. i would definetly go back everytim i crave ramen or a nice soup broth to warm you up
Hey Yelpers !!!!
Last week I picked up my friends from the Airport and took them here. They are from Bay Area in California ... so they are used to eating good ramen. They said the Broth was really good but the noodles lack what they are accustom too. Here is the ringer ... when they had the pork Belly Bowl ... they said this is the best. I always enjoy coming here ... friendly service and always good food ... and if you haven't tried it ... try the pork belly bowl. ....:)
OMG! The Tonkotsu ramen is mouth-watering! I will be dreaming about it for some time! In fact, I'm seriously thinking of coming back to Vegas every year just for this ramen! The broth is delicious! For the meat lovers, get extra pork belly bc they don't give you much meat. The miso ramen was not as good, too heavy and salty for our taste. The regular fried rice was very tasty, but it's small bc it's a appetizer serving.
This place is tremendous.  Great ramen noodles and fried rice.  The best is the chase pork slices....oh my god, it melts in your mouth.  Absolutely awesome.  Away from the strip, in a tiny, almost deserted strip mall area.  I actually bumped into this place as i was headed to the Korean BBQ place next door, but once we arrived, my wife wanted to try ramen.  I'm glad she made that choice!  We've been back to Monta 3 times - and we don't live in Vegas - and still haven't gotten into the Korean BBQ place yet!
My fiance and I craved something lighter the morning after having the Bellagio buffet the night before so we ventured out to the chinatown area and we love noodle soups so we decided to try Monta Noodle House for some ramen since it had decent Yelp reviews!

Wow what a gem!  The place was very small and there were about 6 parties waiting already less than a hour of this place opening up.  The place only seats about 35 people, but we figure the turnaround should be quick being a noodle house and we are glad we waited!

We decided to share a Tonkotsu ramen with a hard boiled egg, got a bowl of extra ramen (too bad it didn't come with extra broth though), we tried the gyoza as well, and the takana fried rice.  Excellent ramen!  Was not overly salted and had great flavor.  The gyoza was very tasty.  I think the biggest surprise came with the takana fried rice.  This was a mix of vegetables and there was definitely a spicy kick to it which was just right, not overpowering, not overseasoned.

We were very pleased with this noodle house and definitely wouldn't mind coming back here whenever we are in Vegas.  This location is cash only.


4 - Ambiance (very small, plain, hole in the wall noodle house)
7 - Service (decent service, very fast paced work)
10 - Price (cannot beat the price of a quality ramen place like this)
7 - Portions (portions were ok, smaller than ramen places we are used to)
9 - Quality (great tasting food, the takana rice was excellent)

Lunch: Sat. Sep 3, 2011
I'm so glad my gf found this place on yelp for our final lunch at Vegas!

We ordered:
- Tonkatsu Ramen: Absolutely wonderful smooth & milky pork-based broth. My favorite ramen is at shin sen gumi, and this bowl of ramen was very comparable, if not better. I also added toppings of a hard boiled egg and extra slices of pork - they gave 6 extra slices in addition to the two slices of pork that came with the bowl by default. I decided to avoid the kimchi because I didn't want the Korean toppings to dominate the Japanese broth. Noodles were cooked perfect, and you can order extra noodles for $1.50.
- Shoyu Ramen: This is the darker one, I believe it's miso/soy based. My gf had this, and I tried the broth and it seemed equally as delicious.
- Gyoza: It's like lightly grilled potstickers
- Fried Rice: typical fried rice as expected - not something to die for, but good.
- Kimchi Fried Rice: Pretty much exactly like the fried rice, except that it had a bit of the tangy flavor that the kimchi added
- Pork bellow bowl: This was my favorite out of the fried rice bowls. Lightly cooked, tender, moist and juicy pork belly strips layered on top of white rice. Definitely worth getting along with the ramen.

Service was fantastic. Our group of 5 was sixth on the waitlist, but it moved pretty fast; we waited maybe about 20 or so minutes.

Cliff Notes: Tonkatsu Ramen with hardboiled egg and extra pork. Pork Belly bowl.
This is what I call GOOD RAMEN. This place is quaint and cute nestled away in a little shopping center off of Spring Mountain. It is SMALL so there may be a wait around peak times. That's probably the only downside. But it's definitely worth it.

They had four ramen to choose from: tonkatsu (pork bone), shoyu, miso, or tonkatsu-shoyu. All of which come with the basics: chashu (pork slices), bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms. You have the option to add "extras" to personalize your ramen.

I had the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen with a boiled egg (as an extra). In retrospect, I should have ordered extra chashu -- which I recommend you do if you like pork. The meat was so tender and melt-in-your-mouth that the two slices the bowl comes with wasn't nearly enough! The broth was very tasty and not too salty like how some ramen can be.

They have other side dishes (gyoza, fried rice, etc) but I have a feeling those aren't the reason people come here. They're simply there as fillers. Stick to the star of the place: ramen of course!

This is definitely the place I will come to to satisfy my ramen cravings that I get once in a while. I have a feeling as soon as winter hits, I will definitely be frequenting this place for the warm deliciousness that is Monta Ramen :)
Ramen just sounds perfect after a weekend of binging in Vegas. The ramen was "A-OK", I was not a huge fan of the noodles, the broth was good and they were kinda stingy with the pork. Monta was average compared to ramen places I have been to in the Los Angeles/Orange County area but I left content and ready for the drive home.
I came in here to try the Tonkatsu Ramen after seeing all the photos on Yelp. Good God, it's delicious. 

The broth is made from pork bones, fat, and collagen--not exactly healthy for your heart, but certainly beneficial for your soul.
Kinda mediocre, not very deep flavor to the broth. I like that you can customize with various items such as corn, green onions (.75 cents), egg..
http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/5vh0Gt5cyP3QbFrc7w_e3g/l.jpg
I don't think I'd come here again.
five stars for their...

      uMami
  enjOyable
distiNctive
hearTy
      sAvory

Noodles and both, ahh just gotta love this place. Its Japanese soul food!
Fantastic food!  My favorite is the Ton Katsu Shoyu Ramen bowl.  You definitely need to be hungry to finish it as the bowl is huge.  The broth is a mix of the two styles of broth from Japan; a bit sour but with the miso taste in it.  Four stars as while I've no complaints on the food, and they also have a liquor liscence which is cool, the restaurant only seats about 24 so if you want to eat, be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes when the place is full (and it always is).  If you get there about 5 minutes before it opens you'll be able to get a seat; getting your bill is also a bit of a challenge but overall a great experience.  Lastly, the service has been dropping off as of late; for such a small place getting your bill shouldn't be so hard.
Good ramen in Vegas.
This place is very simple. The wait is kinda a bug. But if you didn't come to mess around, the Shoyu ramen is very tasty. Also had the Kimchi fried rice and the freshly made gyoza. It's a dive I would love to come back to.
My fiance and I visited Vegas over the Labor Day weekend.  We had the Bellagio buffet and the next day we figure we would get something light and soupy so we checked out yelp around the area for noodle soup and Monta popped up the search with very high ratings.

Located on Spring Mountain Road, this hidden gem is well tucked away in a strip mall.  It's comfort food for my fiance and I especially after the Bellagio buffet dinner on the night before.

The place was very small and there were people waiting when I got there.  They won't sit you unless all of your party are present which is nice so no one can hog up the table.

We ordered Tonkotsu ramen with extra ramen, and flavored egg, gyoza and takana fried rice.  Everything was excellent.  The takana fried rice was very different than the regular Japanese fried rice.  It has a very nice kick to the taste too.  My fiance and really enjoyed the food and would definitely come back whenever we are in town!

The place is cash only.
Holy Ramen Batman!!!!! I gotta hit this place up at least once a week and I order the extra bowl of ramen. This place is small but intimate and very nice to watch them make it right in front of you. I absolutely suggest coming here either with friends, or heck take a date. Everyone likes ramen and if you don't you can't be a friend of mine!
Best ramen in vegas. Shoyu ramen is my favorite!
Great place to get a flavorful meal under $10. I got the tonkatsu ramen and a bottled water. Ramen was good, but I'll have to remember to get extra pork next time. Service was great. Food came out right away. It was another lunch for 1, and it wasn't so bad. I was in and out of there within 30 or so minutes (around 4pm on a Monday).
My husband and I, coming from the land of no ramen houses, took FULL advantage of being in Vegas, and went to Monta two times in 4 days. 

The menu and the restaurant, both small, but intimate and ultra efficient. (Besides some sides like fried rice and bowls, there are only three kinds of broth. Tonkatsu, shoyu and miso...oh and a combi of two of the.)

 After ordering, even on the busiest nights where there was a short wait, our noodles and gyoza came out in about 3 to 5 minutes, piping hot. 

The staff is genuine, the food savory and well done...and the prices are great.  Two giant bowls with extra con, butter, spring onion, pork and kimchee...along with gyoza and sodas equalled to just under 20 bucks. Nice condiment tray at the bar/tables too.
Tried their Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles w/ shredded green onions, Kim Chee, and Calpico soft drink.

"OK USA!" - Bloodsport. aka Not bad.
I've tried all, most recent, tonkotsu-shoyu. I think I like that combination the best. I love it with that soft boiled egg.. nom.. I took my parents there recently, mom had the miso which was good but bit too salty for our taste, dad ordered kim chi fried rice, I thought it was ok, I wouldn't order it again. Whenever I go to Monta, I'm there for their ramen, nothing else!!

Only thing I find it odd is that they don't give out hot water as a drink as my mom requested for it..
It was ok.  We all got the tonkotsu shoyu, I guess we all though that was the most flavorful combination.  Well it wasn't.  I think miso usually is the strongest flavor unless you have some serious broth.  But their broth is a bit lighter.  Combined with Shoyu it was just saltly I guess.  Not very complex flavors.  The gyo za is average.  Doubt they make it themselves.  Probably try the miso instead of the tonkotsu shoyu if I ever come again.  Not a bad place, especially considering vegas, but overall not the best.
This is the ONLY place in Vegas that is close to what we have in San Diego, the infamous Tajima.

It's good, but I think it's because I have no other choices lol. The noodles taste like they came out of a bag that says "TOP RAMEN", no eggy taste at all and the broth could stand to see LESS salt. And I don't mean to be so negative but really, nothing compares to what we have back in SD.

I like Monta, it's perfect when you need a ramen fix.
Monta Noodle House is an exceptional rarity, especially in a desert locale like Las Vegas. This place is popular with both locals and tourists (in my case, I am simply an out of towner). 

Although not nearly as amazing as Shinsengumi or Daikokuya in my hometown of LA, Monta is a great alternative if you find yourself hankering for a satisfying bowl of ramen after a long drive to Vegas. I opted for a classic bowl of ramen with slices of pork char siu, and it totally hit the spot for me. 

If you ever decide to skip out on the numerous fast food chains in Barstow, be sure to pay Monta Noodle House a visit. You'd be glad you did!
I've been to ramen places all over from LA, SF, Hawaii and more, and I am a fan of Monta. It definitely has similar quality of ramen compared to many of the other places that I frequent in LA and SF. I ordered the basic staple of Tonkatsu ramen. The broth was very good, not too greasy or salty, but a great combination of pork flavors. The noodles were also well cooked, not too soft or al dente. Then comes the best part, the large pork pieces that are placed in the ramen. They are thinly sliced with a portion of fat that just makes it taste so good. I always want more, and often do order extra pork for my ramen, since they usually only give you about 2-3 pieces and after you have them, you want more. The ramen also comes with some other ingredients and if you start adding some extra ingredients, the cost of your bowl of ramen will add up (including a soft-boiled egg, extra noodles, some vegetables, and more). Overall, this is a quality ramen joint that I will definitely go back to again.
Before I finally tried this place, a couple people told me this was the best noodles in Vegas. I has the T. Shoyu noodles & Takana fried rice. Both were filling & okay, but I thought pho was more satisfying. Don't think I'll be back. I tried seeing if they had siracha hot sauce, but the server ignored me. These are only my opinions, perhaps many others think Monta is one of the best as well.
This is now one of my favorite places to eat at when I'm in Vegas!  A great place to eat at if you like ramen or want to eat something other than pho while you're in Chinatown.  

I came here for dinner after spending some time at the pool before getting ready for a long night ahead.  I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen and added corn and a hard boiled egg.  The broth was very flavorful, I couldn't stop eating.  I added chili oil to my bowl for a kick because I like it spicy.  

Good meal to have when you need to recover from partying, even in the heat!
Ramen was yummy. Pork belly bowl was yummy. Gyoza was yummy. No complaints.
Mmmmm...
I used to love this place and somehow the BF one day didn't want to go. He gets that way. Either burns out or just finds the taste odd somehow. I didn't get it and have been thinking about a nice bowl of soup. 

So I convinced him to pleaaasseee come and eat something else than the soup.

I got the shoyu-tonkatsu and my taste has changed. It was just too salty for me now.  I took the noodles and didn't drink the broth.  I had a massive headache immediately after and drank a ton of water. Owies. Since I've gone and cut out processed foods I think I've become sensitive to high sodium. 

The cold noodle salad was still pretty good to me though and I took a bite of pork belly bowl which is still one of the yummiest things on rice.

I just can't see myself coming back very often unless I want some cold noodles.
If you're sensitive to salt, then I would recommend you stay away from the ramen. I like salt, so the ramen was fine with me. It's very hearty and just hits the spot. Even if you can't enjoy the ramen, come here and try their rice dishes, they're pretty good. 

All in all, it's a good spot to hit up the morning after a night of intense hardcore drinking.

Recommendation: Fried Rice
You hungry but you're on a budget? Well never fear, Monta is here! For under $10 you can get a delicious meal that has no comparison in town. The Tonkotsu Ramen is literally the best tasting noodles I've ever had (.) (PERIOD) 

So if you ever feel like Tyrese and say to yourself "Me Hungry!" Ask your friends "Did anyone suggest Monta yet?" and they will be ever so thankful that you've enlightened them on how ramen should really be served. I would know, as I once used to be that guy. Now I'm customer for life.

Ask for: The Ray-men ($10)
-Tonkotsu Base
-Miso Men (Wavy Noodles)
-Extra Chashu
-Corn
-Chili Powder

Optional: 
-Garlic (Not recommended for dates)
-Asahi (Goes well like PB&J)
**3.5 Stars**

Located conveniently next to Raku on the outskirts of Las Vegas Chinatown, Monta is the latest darling in the Vegas foodie scene and follows the popular ramen trend that has already hit LA, NYC, and the Bay Area.  

Authentically Japanese owned and frequented by many Japanese during our visit, Monta offers shoyu, tonkotsu, and miso broths.  Tonkotsu appears to be their most popular offering and bowls start at a reasonable $6.95.  Each bowl comes with two pieces of chashu, green onions, and some bamboo shoots.  

Overall, the bowls are on the small side and toppings a bit sparse than other top places I've frequented.  Corn, butter, Kim Chee, and a hard boiled, not soft boiled, egg can be added.  

Broth flavor was good though a tad salty and one noted compared to the more complex broths I love at Santouka.   The noodles are fresh but thin reminding me of the fresh made noodles at Maru Ichi in the Bay Area. I personally like thicker noodles like Orenchi in Sunnyvale.

Service, due to the small space and crowds, can feel a bit rushed and they initially forgot our drink orders.  No biggie and quickly fixed.  

Monta is a nice addition to the ramen scene but with minimally topped bowls and solid broths, ramen aficionados will likely have tried more polished ramen parlors in SoCal and NorCal.  

Monta doesn't accept credit cards and is cash only.
I've been here a couple times before hand, but lately it hasn't been what it was when it first opened. I went with my dad at my last visit. We both have the same taste in food so i thought he might be able to help me review this place. We ended up ordering 2 miso Ramen, as they contain the least amount of sodium, and we both were surprised at how they could end up making this one of the SALTEST broths we'd both ever tasted.. the worst part about it was it wasn't even ramen noodles.. it was the type of noodles they use in Chinese pan fried noodles..(thin egg noodles instead of wheat noodles)  which surprised both of us. I honestly wouldn't go back just because of this fact. The broths are just too darn salty...
If you got a hankering for authentic traditional Japanese ramen then this is the place for you, and its affordable. I'd recommend getting their early because it fills up fast. Staff is friendly and the food comes in a timely manner. The ramen itself was cooked perfectly and I'd recommend ordering the tonkatsu ramen. I only wish they had more items on their menu.
Fresh Brewed Tea: NO. It's canned.

Togashi Ramen was better. Still searching for a replacement..

Food was OK. Service was OK. I didn't get the orgasmic reaction many others seemed to have when eating here. The broth was nothing special. Everything was simply OK. 

Waitress didn't split the check as requested when we first showed up.
Monta was recommended by a friend. The place is small so bigger parties  would not be recommended since the restaurant wont be able to fit 20 diners in one area.
Monta is constantly packed so waiting in line has to be factored in.
The restaurant emulates that  of the Japanese noodle house small places with an open kitchen.  As soon as we ordered from the menu which  a small selection of food you can definitely tell why the PLACE  IS CONSTANTLY packed. The quality of the food is excellent, the soups, the Gyoza and the Kim Chi fried rice are really good. I would definitely recommend everyone to try this Restaurant out.
Always stop by Monta for ramen when we are in town.  They serve up some tasty ramen.  I usually order the miso although the tonkatsu is tasty as well.  The gyoza is good too.  I ordered a small rice bowl one time but the ramen is enough and I struggled to finish both.
Love this place. Attentive and friendly service. I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, which was delicious -- and opted for the extra noodles (only for those with big appetites, I didn't need to add). Ramen starts at $6.95 -- one of the best meals I have had recent memory for the dollar. Gyoza were also delicious.

Would return -- Daikokuya (in LA) and Monta are the best ramen places I have found outside of NYC.

Would return.
Way over-hyped.  From the Bay Area with tons of great ramen shops here, this joint is way below standards by comparison.  Nevertheless, this shop is in Las Vegas so you got to take what you have available here.  Their "basic" ramen choices are very bland unless you order a lot of the extras.  If you want something tasty, plan on layering all the extras, otherwise it is not worth it.  My family paid $40 for taxi rides to and from our hotel with this place and it definitely wasn't worth it.  Place is super small so not a lot of tables for their customers.  We went on a night that was not crowded.  Service was friendly.  If it wasn't for this, I would rate this a one star.
Pork Belly bowl will warm your belly. Ramen GOOD!
I found the tonkotsu shoyu ramen a little too salty for my taste, but decent overall. We tried to go again a few times but it was too crowded with at least 19 parties ahead of us. I am not that crazy for ramen to wait 2+ hours :-/ our 45 minute wait must've been a rare moment, on a Wednesday afternoon. 

On weekends? Forget about it.
a very good place for japanese ramen noodles. this place can get busy as it is popular as well. prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. i would go back to this place.
This place is amazing. Who would have known the best ramen in town would be off strip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I am in town.
Wow.  Simply, wow.

I'm a big fan of David Chang of Momofuku fame.  I have his cookbooks and just received his first issue of "Lucky Peach", an awesome quarterly magazine.  This particular issue of the LP focuses on ramen and the way it's adored and eaten and made in Japan.  Different broths and combinations of broths and perfectly cooked noodles and various garnishes and seasonings that adorn th bowls of love that are slurped in thousands of little ramen houses tucked into the most unassuming little nooks and crannies throughout Tokyo.

Anywho, I've been geeking over ramen literature and got to thinking maybe it was high time I got back to Monta to try to get me a bowl.  The last and only time I tried to get a bowl the wait was half an hour at 2pm in the dead heat of the summer.  There are only around a dozen and half seats up in there so it can be hard to snag one.

This time I waited for my bowl and I'm glad I did.  So good!  Only 3 different bowls on the menu.  I love that.  In ramen joints in Japan the ramen masters only serve one thing, ramen, and do it for decades.  It's artistry and perfection.  I don't know bout them bowls out there out in J, but for my first serious bowl of ramen and the proximity of the shop, I fell in love with my bowl and slurped up every last drop.

Yum.
I went back to Monta today and I must say, it was different from the first time that I went! Maybe they just had an off day! Regardless, this place is always busy for a reason! Check it out! Fried rice ftw!
I was told the cold noodles were awesome but they were just okay in my book.

I went up to use the restroom and the waiters thought I was done even though like half of my food was still left. By the time I went back they had cleared away my plate and I was still hungry =*(.
I have been here five weekends in a row and last weekend I didn't, only because I was out of town.  No matter...I'll be back on my ramen kick starting up again this weekend, woohoo!

I have not been able to stray away from the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen with char shu (pork), nitamago (egg) and nori (seaweed.)  I've ordered and enjoyed it every single time.

See you again this weekend Monta!
Although my own House serves up a pretty bowl of Ramen (and NOT the prepackaged kind), Monta Noodle House is my "go to" place when I don't have the right ingredients on hand. The shoyu-tonkotsu broth with added corn, soft boiled egg, and nori perfectly warms my belly on those chilly Vegas nights.  With chili sesame oil, ginger, and garlic- I am in noodle soup heaven. 

The bowl is just the right size for me (and I can eat), but my husband thinks it is just not enough.  Therefore, he must add 2 orders of pork slices and more noodles, and a  small order of pork belly and rice to fulfill his grumbling stomach.  Thus, what was supposed to be a cheap soup dinner because a lot pricier. It is a small restaurant with about 5 tables and seats at the counter, but the turn around is pretty quick since the menu is very simple.
I've eaten here once and though a bowl of Japanese soup noodles isn't usually my first choice for dinner, Monta has really good grub.  I was with 3 of my LA friends (who have plenty of eating experience in LA's Little Tokyo) and they also thought the food was excellent.
Excellent place for some good ramen.  Also, ordered the small pork belly bowl.  It wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  It was small slivers of the pork belly with rice, pink ginger , and scallions.  Thought it would just be the big chunks of the pork belly.  It was tasty, but would not order it again.  Instead, order the extra cha siu for your bowl.  This was the best tasting cha siu I have ever had at a ramen place.  It was moist and had some fatty goodness in it.  Yum!
3.5 star.  We ordered the shoyu and a tonutusku-shoyu ramen.  The mixed tonutusku-shoyu ramen tasted way better than the regular shoyu.  The shoyu tasted like soy sauce in water; I know shoyu means soy sauce, but every other place where I eat shoyu ramen, it didn't actually taste that way.  The tonuskutu-shoyu had at least some richness to it.  The noodles tasted ok, if I only ate the tonuskutu-shoyu, I would of given it 4 stars, but because of the shoyu broth, I am giving it a 3.5.
If you love hole in the wall establishments, Monta is right up your alley!  Located in a nondescript shopping centre (Seoul Plaza), Monta offers the best Japanese ramen Las Vegas has to offer.  Don't let the drab plaza deter you, this place will knock your socks off!  Upon entering, you will notice that seating is at a premium so arrive early because this place will fill up quickly during the lunch/dinner rush, otherwise you have to write your name on a clipboard and they will call you once seating is available.  I recommend sitting at the bar for two reasons: you get to watch the staff make the ramen in front of you and also the bar "table" is made of solid wood and adds to the ambiance.  I highly recommend ordering the Shoyu-Tonkotsu ramen, which is a melding of pork broth and soya based broth, thus creating a perfect balance of saltiness and savory-ness.  (is that even a real word? :p).  If there ever was such a thing as orgasm in pork form, their Chashu pork would be it.  Their Chashu pork is so tender and delicate it literally melts in your mouth.  Add in Nitamago (marinated hard boiled eggs) and you got yourself a bowl of awesome!  All of this for less than $8.00 a bowl, what's not to love?  Do yourself a favor and try this place, you will not regret it!
This is my first review so be gentle! I would like to say I came in here at a very good time! From what I hear, it's a densely crowded place with a bit of a wait, but I didn't wait and had a nice seat with my friends! This took place on a Saturday night as well, mind you.

Service was so-so, but goes well with a small shabby place such as Monta. Shabby, but CLEAN. It reminded me very well of the corner noodles houses they have in Japan. Stepping into Monta reminded me of the times I stayed in Japan during hot summers and cold autumns. 

I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen. Dericious aromatic smell, and served hot. I could say I enjoyed every bite and every piece of pork in this ramen! (Mind you, I am not a pork fan.) I believe Monta deserves a first-timers graced visit, so check em out! :)
Monta neighbors Nakamura-Ya, & Raku. With an authentic sushi place to join the strip mall, this is the spot to get some kick-butt Japanese food. Monta is a ramen-specialty restaurant that is not to be skipped!

RAMEN: Their menu is small but mighty. What kind of ramen you like? Miso, Shoyu, or Tonkatsu? They come with thin slices of char-siu pork. Ichiza actually has my favorite char-siu.... but Monta's is a solid second. Overall, the ramen here is far superior anyway. There's also a variety of toppings you can add for an additional cost. Generally, I order the same thing every time: Miso Ramen w/ Egg & Nori. YUM! I've sampled every type of soup but Miso is my favorite. The broth is rich & flavorful and I can't find it as good anywhere else.

APPETIZERS: If fish eggs are your thing, Monta has the freshest Mentaiko in Las Vegas. Order a Mini Mentaiko Bowl (Rice, Mentaiko, Scallion)--throw some soy sauce & togarashi on it as a delicious starter. Gyoza here are good too but nothing to get excited over.

OTHER: There's a board on the wall that has the other entree items. On different occasions I've seen some type of cold noodles, rice bowls, and fried rice. My memory fails to remember the rest but so far none of them interested me enough to try. A client of mine recommended to try the cold noodles.... maybe next time.

Come for the Ramen, Stay for the Ramen, Come Back for the Ramen--good eats.
I enjoyed a nice bowl of shoyu ramen here. The charsiu was tasty but could be better if it was cut a little thicker. Still, I will definitely be back for more!
I heart Monta!! Another one of the restaurants in my winter rotation. I've tried the shoyu, shoyu-tonkatsu, and tonkatsu ramen and hands down I like the rich fatty tonkatsu broth the best! However, I'm not a big fan of the thin noodles that come standard with that option....because the noodles become less than al dente as I work my way down the bowl.  To fix this little issue, I have them swap out the noodles for the miso or "curly" noodles to ensure al dente goodness.  The charsiu (pork) slices are one of the best parts of the ramen....it only comes with two slices....so make sure you order extra if you like meat :) As for the little extra bottles of goodies on the table....I always add the chili oil, sesame seeds, togarashi (red pepper flakes), and the garlic paste.... pickled ginger is also available but too strong in flavor for my taste.  Also, for the big carb loaders out there...make sure you save some soup at the end...you can request extra noodles for less than $2.  

Although the ramen is good relative to Vegas....better than Ichiza, Shuseki, Anime ramen, Yokohama kaigenro...it won't compare to the ramen places like Ipuddo in NYC.

Only negative notes are that sometimes the broth is too salty...and they want you to eat and go...so you'll have to find somewhere else to hang out after you are in a food coma...my recommendation is to venture over to Wendy's noodle and order the mango tapioca dessert with coconut milk...for a nice finish to lunch. Prices are pretty reasonable around $10 if you add some of the extras listed at the bottom of the menu.
First night in town and we headed straight over to Monta House.  Of course, it was packed; we were already prepared for that and waited the 45 minutes to be seated.  This is a small joint that seats no more than 30 at a time I would estimate - I didn't sweep the room and take a head count, so that's my ballpark estimate.  It's probably the good-sized living room w/their kitchen incl'd for the whole place.

Their menu and selection is straightforward and simple:  3 types of noodle broth and you pick and add the extras you want in there.  Each of the 3 soups come with green onions, two slices of cha siu, bamboo shoots and kikurage.  You pay anywhere from 50 cents to two bucks for addt'l toppings.  They also have gyoza and varieties of fried rice & pork belly bowl - yummm!

I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra helpings of Cha Siu and Nori.  First sip of the broth and ohhh was I in my happy place!  The combination of the tonkatsu pork bone / fat with the Shoyu soy sauce made for a flavorful rich, creamy and salty soup.  I was quite happy that I ordered extra servings of the cha siu.  Let me tell you that was one of the best slices of pork I've ever had.  They simply just melted in my mouth and the taste with the broth made it simply superb for the entire experience.

Definite must return the next time we're back and I'd give my recommendation to anyone as well.  Expect the long wait and you'll also have to put up with some cramped seating arrangements and limited elbow room - you're not going to get anything more than 5 persons to a table.  Aside from that, not to forget at the verly least, service was very good and friendly.
This place changed my idea of Ramen noodles. One word. Bangin!, the runny yolk egg in the soup is the shit.
I can easily say this is one of the best ramen I've had in the States. Choice of Tonkotsu (pork), Shoyu (soy-sauce), Tonkotsu-Shoyu, or Miso based soup... The noodles are near perfect texture, cooked al-dente, and the chashu is delightful -- Tender.

Aside from a bowl of Tonkotsu ramen, we had some gyoza and mini-mentaiko-don. Nothing disappointing here. The service is good ol' japanese efficient and friendly. 

Only downside is the size of the spot, but that is also what keeps its' authenticity. 

Monta ramen wa chooooo oishiiiiii! , mainichi tabetai!
Holy crap the miso ramen is really salty. The broth is still good though..you can really taste the miso. My sister had the tonkatsu ramen, which was much less salty, so I liked it more than the miso. Both soups were yummy. It's amazing how they get the broth to be so creamy without any butter!

Kimchi rice is meh, it wasn't as kimchi-y as I would have liked it to be.

FYI: they have different noodles for each broth. The miso ramen has a thicker, chewier noodle (dericious) while the tonkatsu ramen has a thinner noodle that I didn't really care for. I didn't do this, but you could probably ask for the thicker noodle + the tonkatsu broth! 

Try to go early to avoid lines! We went around 6 PM, and by the time we left (630), there was a long line outside the door. Everyone seems to be in and out pretty fast, though.
The ramen was delicious, noodle was bouncy and soft at the same time.  The broth is okay, some say its salty and others say its just perfect so its personal preference.  One thing that got the big mark down is the amount of meat they give you,  two freaking pieces, really now, its really lacking because of this, but overall, still yums.
After living in Japan for a year, I fell in love with ramen. I tried Pho and saimen as a substitute but it's NOT same. So when I heard about this place and read all the great reviews I couldn't wait to try it out. It definitely lives up to the hype!! 

We got there at 12 on a Thursday and had to wait about 20-30 minutes. It was well worth the wait. We tried the goyza (I make this fresh at home and restaurants never beat my fresh ones but since it has such good reviews we tried it). If your a fan, definitely order them! So good!! I got the shoyu with boiled egg and cashu pork. The pork just melts in your mouth and the egg adds a nice texture to it. My Dad got the tonkastu with the cashu pork and loved that as well. Both types had amazing flavor, and we're just like the ones we fell in love with in Japan. 

If I could give this place 6 stars I would!!!
All I want to do is eat here all the time! I had the Miso Ramen with pork and it was the best ramen I have ever had.

Show up early as there is usually a line just to get in right when it opens.
I was so excited to try this place because my friend had really talked it up and she was so excited to take me here. After spending 45 minutes waiting outside, we were sat at a very small, cramped bar. I ordered the miso ramen, I have to say I've had better tasting top ramen for 10 cents. The noodles had no flavor and the broth was very salty with barely any flavor and 3 small pieces of pork. Am I missing something?? Definitely not worth the wait. I will stick with Ph
3.5

Head off the strip into Chinatown for some good ramen.  We arrived at Monta only 30 minutes after it opened and were already facing a long line of hungry locals.  As with many ramen shops, it is very small and seating is limited to tables and the counter.  Our group of four were seated within 20 minutes and I ordered the standard Tonkotsu bowl.  I thought the noodles and pork slices were nicely cooked, but the pork broth was a touch saltier than what I prefer.  My husband's miso broth was smooth and savory, without the overwhelming saltiness.  There are also options for you to add in extra ingredients to customize your bowl, such as an egg, pork, corn, and extra noodles.  A great find that's different from the usual Vegas eateries.
this place sits 24 people max (I think that's what the sign says) there's usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait. tonkatsu ramen, Kim Chee fried rice and gyoza is all you need...it's a lot of food so share :)
This place is to die for.  Everyone I bring here either finish their entire huge bowl of noodles or in my husband's case, eat my bowl as well.  Their choice of broths are all flavorful with varying degrees of heaviness/lightness.  The pork is to die for.  The non noodle dishes look great as well but I can't tear myself away from the noodles. Since it's cold out right now, nothing hits the spot more than a bowl of hot flavorful noodles.  Be sure to get there early, before 11:30 if you're going there for lunch because there's always a line out the door.
This is probably the most FATTIEST, yet most flavorful and tender tonkatsu I've ever eaten.

 Make sure you get the tonkatsu ramen with thick, aka "curly" noodles, nori, and some corn for that crunchy texture.  Yum-o.

And here's a tip: don't pack your leftovers and eat it cold on the way back to California in the car...this stuff turns into a fatty, thick, sludgy stew that's pretty unappetizing.
Best Ramen in Las Vegas. Then again there aren't many here. Love the miso ramen. I'm going to try the tonkatsu with the thicker noodles next time. I'm not a fine of the thinner ones.
Monta Ramen is one of the most surprising restaurants I have found in recent memory.  I have had all four of their broth choices, and all four are winners.  My favorite is the shoyu, but I find myself ordering the miso every now and again.  Whichever broth you choose, I would definitely get an egg added.  Their spiced eggs are simply delicious.  I have not had any of their other menu items so I cannot comment on those.  

The best thing about this place, other than the food, is the atmosphere.  The waitstaff  is friendly and quick and even all of the customers are in good spirits (it is hard not to be with ramen like theirs).

All in all, this is a fun place for any occasion.  Off work and don't want to cook? Monta Ramen.  Date night? Monta Ramen.  Just plain hungry? Monta Ramen.
I was first introduced to this place when my friends had asked if I wanted to try out the best ramen in Las Vegas.  At first I was hesitant seeing as I have had plenty of ramen in Vegas.  They are good but not what  I was expecting.  When he had said the name Monta, I was relieved to know that this was not a place I had previously eaten at which is surprising seeing as I have eaten at plenty of ramen places.

When pulling up into the lot you would have to look for it seeing as Monta is a pretty tiny place.  This is definitely one of those places where you would have to hear about.  One of those hole in the wall places.

Once you walk in you are greeted warmly by the staff and the cozy environment.  You can see the kitchen and the workers all hard at work trying to fill the mouths of its many customers.  One thing I have to say about this place, and I have eaten here many times, prepare to wait a bit for there is usually a line because of how delicious this place is.

Once seated there will be a small menu with now four types of ramen you can choose from.  A tonkotsu base ramen which is pork based, shoyu which is soy based, tonkotsu-shoyu which is a mix of the two, and miso which is bean paste based.  They also have side items which you can put into your ramen like corn and eggs which are a pretty much a must.  The portions are also very generous and you will get that good fill feeling.

I have personally eaten them all and can vouch for them all.  They are all so good.  Monta is like the In-N-Out of ramen.  They specialize in ramen and boy, do they deliver.  This is now one of the only ramen places I will go to eat.  A very cheap and delicious way to spend with friends or even eat at by yourself.  There are few places where I will eat by myself and this is for sure one of them.
My friend and I first came to Monta via the public transportation bus and I do not regret waiting in the cold for 20 minutes and another 20 minutes at the restaurant for a table. I was soooooo relieved that Monta did not disappoint as I was also feeling a bit guilty for making my friend wait so long with me.

Their ramens are surprisingly good and the broth is flavorful, but not overly heavy. I ordered the tonkatsu broth with chashu and egg. The chashu was fork tender and I really appreciated that the yolk was not fully cooked. We also LOVED their Mentaiko bowl. The scallion, nori and touch of soy with the mentaiko was a match made in heaven. We went back on our last night in Vegas just to have it for the last time. 

Making the trek to CT for Monta is so worthed it. The bill plus tip and RT taxi fare will be cheaper than any comparable restaurant you find on the strip.
We had two Calpico drinks,a mini mentaiko, an order of gyoza and two shoyu ramen with chashu pork and nitamago.  DELICIOUS!!! One of our favorite spots in Vegas.
Mmm, ramen~  There's nothing like a bowl of steamy hot noodles that can cure any trace of a hangover.

I've only tried this place twice so far and every time they set my bowl of steamy hot miso/tonkatsu ramen with chashu and egg, a part of me rejoices.  Japanese chashu is normally tender, juicy, and melts in your mouth.  Monta's chashu doesn't disappoint.  The soup is really tasty and full of flavor [although if you show up during the rush, it can become way too salty].  

The establishment itself is very small and becomes packed fast.  Seating is limited and there always seems to be a line right when they open.  3.5 stars!
Ordered the MisoShoyu ramen which was pretty good but pretty salty.  Flavor is good and meat is fatty.  Noodles aren't as "bouncy" as daikokuya or santouka but for $7 in vegas a few minutes from the strip...non c'e male!
I will admit - I am far from ramen noodle expert.  However, I will say that was a damn good bowl of soup!  This is a great place for a quick lunch.

I had the tonkotsu - shoyu with extra meat and an egg.  Also, an order of Goyza.

The pork was so good - it was tender and delish!  The broth was savory.  I would have liked to see more noodles in the soup, but hey...  Lotsa flavor and texture.  The goyza was good too.

It is a small place.  They have 28 seats jammed in there!  They turn some tables here, so don't go there thinking you are going to sit back and relax.  

I guess semantically this is a fast food place because you get food fast and you even eat the food fast!  But it is not fast food that you normally think of.  I would say that this is real good fast food.
I'm going to lobby for a bullet train or an underground mine shaft (with pulley cart included) to take me pronto to Monta Noodle House from the strip.

This place is popular with the locals and frequent Vegas visitors.  The hype is no bull and regrettably if you arrive after 5 pm, there are clusters of hungry ass people waiting for an open seat outside & inside.  And dammit, I will wait.

You cannot go wrong ordering the shoyu ramen, unless you space and not ask for extra char siu aka "juicy pork butt".  To really have a ramen equivalent of the "Calgon-take-me-away" dreaminess, get extra char siu, egg, nori, menma (marinated bamboo shoots).  Their broth has been made the traditional way.  Really good broth doesn't require lots of salt or shoyu, just enough to enhance its flavor.  I rarely finish the broth, since most places make it way too salty but I cleared my bowl here.

One tip I will mention is the ramen will come with basic garnish of  green onions.  I made the mistake of ordering it as an extra, and I got a mound of jullienne scallions which was a bit onion overkill.

Their gyoza is excellent, and compliments a bowl of ramen so don't forget that too.  On top of all that yumminess, super cute&sweet servers that are fast on their feet to clear a table so I can devour more ramen when need be.
I have died and gone to Ramen Heaven. Enough said. Four stars only because they are in need of added square footage. Small and gets crowded. BUT worth every minute of the wait. Done yelping...back to grubbing. Mmmmmmmmmm
Cool, cozy, legit, tasty.
Fantastic! I've eaten ramen is numerous ramen houses in Japan and the US. Monta is delicious! Most ramen houses are very small and have a long wait due to their popularity and greatness. So I was prepared to wait. Lucky for me I came at the perfect time and didn't wait long!

I had the miso ramen and goza! Their gyoza was made to order and prefect! The miso ramen was awesome! Broth was balanced with just enough miso to make it perfectly creamy how I like it! :) I got all the toppings and they came in big portions and complimented my ramen well. This is one of my new favorites for ramen! 

Very nice prices and worth the wait if there is a line! Try it!!
Their pork. That chashu pork, oh my god. K first of all it's like my crack when I'm in Vegas; it's the first thing I hunt down when I get here. It's like the most amazing thing I've tasted in my entire freakin' life.

The restaurant is quite a modest noodle house, very small, and they have a simple menu. It seems this kind of place would just be something to overlook. But NO. Their ramen is the best ramen I've had.

Their broth is very rich and flavorful-- I've been to ramen houses were they put a lot of salt and MSG in the broth for its lack of flavor--not here! Very rich. Noodles were not too hard nor too soft, just right in the middle.

But, the pork. Dear god the PORK

Next time I go I will get extra chashu pork in my soup. Their pork literally just falls apart. I've had soft pork before, but that was because I'd get nothing but cuts of fat. Here, the meat is so tender and flavorful. I don't know what they do to it, but it's just downright amazing.

Each one of us got a different bowl of ramen they offered, so we pretty much ordered the whole ramen menu. Each one is delicious. Their shoyu (soy sauce broth) is the original ramen, but it is very delicious. I enjoyed mine. Everything else was delicious as well.

We got a chashu bowl, and it was a simple bowl of chashu pork with rice over it, but it was just the best thing ever. The pork is so amazing, I could go on and on about it forever.

Their kimchi rice is also quite good! Not too spicy, but it does give a kick.

You really can't get anything "bad" or "ok" here; everything on the menu is amazing.

Our group of friends were rock climbers and just got done climbing in Red Rocks for the day, so they were quite famished. We each ordered one bowl of ramen to ourselves, split a chashu pork bowl, one plate of gyoza, and one plate of kimchi fried rice, but they decided to get extra noodles. Nope, even famished rock climbers could barely finish what we got. And the price we paid for was so small for the generous helping of delicious food we got!

5 stars for Monta! Cheap prices, excellent food, and great service.
Best Ramen in Vegas

Ramen: small menu only 4 soup bases, My boyfriend loves Tonkotsu Ramen but I love the Miso Ramen. I get the Miso Ramen plus extra Chashu pork and extra egg. Which is more then enough for a small person like me. But for a guy who loves to eat my boyfriend usually orders with extra ramen. The soup is delicious, you would think the Miso ramen would be really salty but it's really well balanced. I love sprinkling the spices and drowning my soup with sesame oil. I like my soap red and spicy. 

Line: The wait usually is 15-30 min the place is pretty small but the line moves quickly because people eat ramen pretty quick. They have small waiting area inside and a bench outside.

Customer Service: The waitresses who work there are super sweet, but once they mixed my order with another table and gave us free kimchi with no charged so I thought that was sweet. The cooks are funny, once I sat at the bar peeking up to see how the cooks make this delicious Ramen and a cook cracks a joke at me.
She brings me ramen
Slurping greedily ensues 
Extra chashu please
This can definitely be on the list of hole in the wall places that are beyond excellent in food and service! This noodle house is very, very small and has a very limited amount of seating. I went in about an hour before closing, and were lucky in order to get a seat since it seemed very full according to the wait list from earlier.

Since I don't eat meat, I ordered the vegetarian option that isn't on the menu (you need to ask your server to special request this since not many people know unless you ask). Our server was very knowledgeable and lively with the words she used to describe the ingredients and taste of their dishes. Delicious, all the way! I only tried the vegetarian option, but I certainly will be back when I'm in the area to try all the other items.

Keep in mind this place IS very small, so you're best bet would be to probably swing in on the less busy nights or for lunch during weekdays. Hopefully they'll expand in the future, but I would highly recommend this place in the Chinatown area if you're looking for a slightly different menu other than the many pho places that are around that area.
We ordered ramen with pork and the pork was just too fatty.  I didn't understand why they chose pork belly.  The broth was okay, wasn't awesome and wasn't terrible.  I'll stick with something other than ramen and try something else next time.
Have tried almost everything on the menu (though it's very easy to fall in love with one ), and your dining experience is the greatest  value in the city. Fast, friendly staff.  Amazing delicious food. 

The secret's out: Monta Noodle house is the best!
Because my girlfriend is a ramen fanatic, we had to try this place on Christmas day.  Surprisingly they were open.  After trying the 2 highly rated ramen in NYC and enjoying both of them (ippudo and totto ramen), I felt the ramen here was much better than the NYC ones.  My tummy was happy.

The 30-45 min wait was long but not as bad as totto ramen in NYC (1.5-2hrs).
GREAT food!!!

I love their gyoza, they're crispy on the outside and warm and juicy on the inside.

I always get their tonkotsu ramen with extra chasu, and never fails to amaze me. 

what can i say, Its just tooo good to miss out.
Best Ramen in Vegas. This isn't your 25cent pack of Ramen from the grocery store. It's the real deal.  Cloudy broth with hot noodles and delicious slices of roasted pork.

Choice of 4 Ramen bowls. Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination), and Miso.
My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, best of both worlds!  Full of flavor, not bland at all..I only added a little bit of spice to add some heat!
I would definitely add a hard-boiled egg (minus a star because you have to pay extra, EGG should be included!)
The bowl itself it well portioned and I was full after finished off last drips of broth and slurping my last noodle. 

We also had the pork belly bowl.  To me this was flat.  As in, not what I was expecting with pork belly.  It was more gelatinous than crispy with fat on it.  Order the small bowl to try it I'd say. 

Quick tips: Can be a long wait as the place is small so plan accordingly.  However the food comes quick, almost 5 minutes after you order! so the turnaround time isn't bad at all.

Get your noodle fix at MONTA! Man...after writing this I'm salivating for some Ramen..I'll see you there
Outstanding food ! The fried rice was particularly amazing -- better than any typical "Chinese restaurant" fried rice. Outstanding flavor. I loved my shoyu ramen - very flavorful and not as salty as I feared. I spiced it up a bit with the spices on the table. Dining companions tried the gyoza (dumplings) and enjoyed them. Reasonable prices and excellent, speedy service. Small place with very few tables and counter service so arrive early or late,as you will probably have to wait otherwise.  I dined with two big eaters and they were full at the end of the meal, sharing a fried rice a gyoza and each having their own ramen. (Note that the regular-sized fried rice was not as big as expected, but not to be missed)  WARNING: Not many , if any, healthy options on the menu that I saw - so save some calorie real estate for a great dining experience at the casual Monta - well worth it!  I skipped the gyoza, had just a bite of the rice and gave one of my dining companions some of my noodles and still -- I was content!
A nice little hole-in-the-wall. I had the shoyu ramen without extra toppings and it was very good and filling.  I ended up taking the rest home.  The pork slices were very tasty and tender.  I'm not a fan of fat on meats but there wasn't much in the slices and the fat was very edible. When I get meat at some Vietnamese or Korean places, I get scared but this was great.

When you get there, you need to sign the guest list if the place is full (which it will be).  We had four parties in front of us but they were gone within 10-15 minutes.  We sat at the counter on hardwood stools which were not very comfortable.  The tables had padded chairs.  I'll be requesting a table next time.

I would definitely recommend Monta Noodle House.
This is said to be one the best Ramen places to go to, but I can honestly say I've had better. 

Don't get me wrong, this place is good, but it didn't live up to the hype all my friends and co-workers raved about. 

I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra add ons at little cost, egg and nori. I think if you come here if you don't get the add ons, you miss out. 

The broth is good, but not amazing. The chasu is probably the best part of the dish.
My first visit to Monta Noodle House was probably my last, at least for a while. I thought the food was ok, but the seating, prices and service was not what I had expected.

I went with several friends and one of them had suggested it. He is into food and so I thought to give it a shot. The restaurants in and around the area of this one, usually deliver, on what I mentioned above, that this one is lacking.

After waiting to get seated in the small restaurant, we were greeted quickly. What happened next was weird. We waited for almost 20 minutes before a member of the wait staff arrived to take our order. It took entirely too long for simple noodles in heated broth to arrive. It takes me two and a half minutes to make similar noodles and another two minutes to plate everything.

If you go during the Summer, which is always in Vegas, be ready for heat inside. Like another Yelper has mentioned, due to its size, this place stays hot and has little to no airflow.

For three people that ordered the standard fair and no beverages, the final bill should not have been anywhere near $40, but that's what I got.
I love their ramen! Came with a couple of friends and my sister. I tried the Shoyu ramen for 6.95 and added a side of kimchee (because me loves some kimchee. yes i do!). I also ordered the kimchee fried rice as well for $6.95. 

Awesome execution for both I may say! I loved the texture of the noodle. It was soft, but it still had that firm bite that you take into it. That's how I like my ramen! It also hd a very tender slice of pork in it and a few other garnishes. I loved the Shoyu broth. I don't know what else to say! It wasn't salty or overpowering. It was just right. Not too salty, and the broth was very nice with the mixture of the meat in it. YAY BROTHINESS!

Kimchee fried rice is also of A+ quality. You can taste that nice grill taste to it. The cut o the kimchee was small and so were the small bits of egg which is how I like it too be. So YAY KIMCHEE FRIED RICE! 

It's such a good price too so I felt like I got more than what I payed for. The service was awesome. The server was very cheery and upbeat and attentive which I loved. So...YAY SERVICE! Thumbs up for such personal service in such a little place. I just love how authentic Japanese restaurants like to keep things small, simple, and intimate. YAY JAPAN!
This place was recommended by a friend who had eaten here before. 

It has a very small dining area and we understood why yelpers complained about the wait. Lucky for us, we went at the perfect time because the bar area opened up just in time for the 6 of us to chow down. 

I got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with a side of Takana Mustard Leaf. Others enjoyed the other types of Ramen and the bf got the Pork Belly Bowl. Since I've been in SB for a while, I haven't had good ramen, so this was a special treat! 

I must warn you though, the container of reddish spices was very salty and I personally don't recommend it unless you try your dish first and want more salty goodness. I love adding white pepper to kick it up a notch and the sesame seeds were a nice mild addition as well.

I took a bite of the pork belly bowl and it had a nice flavor. It's pretty much marinated bacon, how can you go wrong? The ramen was very tasty and I was finished before I knew it. The mustard leaf added additional flavor, but wasn't really needed. 

This is a great find and a place that I'll definitely come back to.
Solid place for good ramen. And the kimchi fried rice is delicious too!

There is usually a wait during lunch hours as the restaurant is very small. The service is always friendly and prompt. The prices are a little high for the portion sizes, but it is still a good lunch spot.
Best ramen ever!!! I love it! No other comment or review needed lol they are good at what they do^^
This is what a Japanese noodle house should be. No distractions, nothing to take away from the quality of the food.

And Robert Irvine would be proud of this place: their menu is one page.

The food is absolutely fantastic. I love the tonkotsu ramen, but often times I have a hard time picking which one. So I end up being a pain in the ass to the waitress... haha. I do love how you are able to customize the bowl to your tastes (i.e. adding corn, extra seaweed, more pork, etc.)

Best ramen in Vegas hands down.

PS, the place does get packed.. on account of it only being able to seat maybe 20 people? (or less) but it's part of the "small and cozy" factor!
Oh Monta, how I will miss you.  On our recent vacation to Vegas, we had to hit up Monta.  I've been meaning to try it after constantly hearing my friend boast about how good it was.  I was like, seriously is it that good?  Well, long story short.......It is.  We flew in to Vegas early afternoon, grabbed our rental, and headed straight to lunch.  We got there a little after 3:30 and was seated immediately.  The servers are all very nice and they move quickly and work very efficiently.  Per my friends recommendation, we both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the Nitamago (Kind of like a marinated, perfectly cooked boiled egg) and 2 orders of Gyoza.  The food came out quickly and was piping hot.  We both took our first bites and smiled at each other across the table.  The noodles are interesting and not your typical ramen noodles.  When I first stirred the broth and noodles around, I was thinking that they may be kind of mushy, and too soft.  Nope, they still had a very nice texture to it, and the broth was full of rich deep flavor.  That marinated egg......OMG, so much flavor and cooked absolutely perfectly.  The Chasu, super tender and flavorful.  The gyoza was good, however I usually like it better when the bottom is a touch crispier.  My wife rarely brags about food like I do, but she made sure to let my friend know how good the ramen was and that we had to come back again on our next trip.  Ahh, yah I think we can do that.  Thumbs up Monta!
Asian people love noodles. I am asian, therefore i love noodles.

I was saddened by our earlier trip to monta where the waitress told us the wait would be close to an hour.  My growling stomach couldn't bear to wait so we settled for someplace else, cough swish shabu shabu cough, and was very unsatisfied. So we decided to give it one more try on my last night in Vegas.

They won't seat you until your whole party is there and luckily the other two people made it just in time.  This is a cozy restaurant which just adds to the ambiance a japanese noodle house.  

menu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=0iVynxXHiYaBNFOadj1eRA

I ordered the Tonkotsu- shoyu ramen : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=7-nI-NPnmeMYeoJBNzkSug

I thought the ramen was delicious.  You could tell the noodles were "wendy's", fresh not frozen, and the garnish were all nicely cooked.  The pork was so tender and fatty and delicious.  You could eat that all day fa sho. 

We also tried the fried rice and the gyoza.  Gyoza is top notch, some of the best i've ever had and I had some Godly ones in japan..  The fried rice was pretty delicious as well.

I really liked my experience here.  The waitresses seemed to be imported straight from Japan, very hospitable and nice.  The food was excellent.  And it didn't break our wallets either.

So if you're asian or not, and you're craving ramen in Las Vegas, Monta is definitely a "SAFE BET".. VEGAS PUN INTENDED.
Best ramen i ever had. Im im love with the milky Pork broth from the tonkotsu ramen. The butter is a MUST as add on, trust me! It gives it a more rich and creamy taste which is so addicting. Their gyoza are very tasty and so is the pork belly bowl. It is comparable or even better than those highly rated ramen places in LA such as shinsen-gumi. I must come here every week!
Went here for a quick afternoon snack before dinner.  Beat the crowd, authentic japanese ramen place.  The staff from the all you can eat sushi place at the outlets even stopped by for lunch.  Great flavors from the broth and the ramen noodles were very tasty.  We hear the kimchi fried rice is a must.  Didn't want to eat too much as we had dinner at Mesa Grill.  Would definitely go back.
EAT THIS FOOD! God if they sold the pork by the pound i'd weigh 3 bills no problem. The price is fine, the food is great, the servers as adequate, and it's packed with actual asian people! So that means it's even authentic, at least Las Vegas authentic. 

You need to eat here! I go tonkatsu-shoyu mix ramen with extra Katsu, sometimes I get the egg as well. But you have to get extra pork!
What a great find in Las Vegas! Initially, I didn't come here with much expectations because no other ramen places I've been to have impressed me as much as Ramen Dojo in NorCal. Knowing that the capacity of Monta Noodle House fit around 20 or so customers, I anticipated a wait so arrived 30 minutes before opening on a Friday afternoon. Arriving early got me a table right at opening...yay to that! so COME EARLY to avoid waiting. 

Monta Noodle House offers three different kinds of broth but I got a recommendation from one of their regular customers to order the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth! The standard bowl comes with noodles, bamboo shoots, onions, and two pieces of pork. I wanted the ultimate ramen experience so I added on some extra stuff to spice up my bowl - I added the soft boiled egg (a must for every ramen bowl!), sweet yellow corn and shredded green onions (MUST add - gives great flavoring to the whole bowl). I also garnished my ramen bowl with the togarashi chili powder and sesame seeds! The addition of sesame seeds in the bowl was just perfect =) I have to say the best part about this place is the ramen that they used - the noodles were so soft & the thickness was about the size of egg noodles but with a softer texture. I definitely enjoyed this.They also give you plenty of noodles to fill you up real GOOD! 

If you're ever craving ramen in Las Vegas and can wake up early enough after a night of partying..remember to check this place out! It's located in Chinatown so having a rental car is convenient. Solid 4 stars for satisfaction and it's location in VEGAS!!

FYI: I also heard that the kimchee fried rice was also good to try. 

Happy Eating =)
You can easily tell by the groups of people standing outside Monta that it's the best ramen shop in Las Vegas or Hawaii! A frequent patron here, my boyfriend and I have dedicated a weekly lunch date there - Monta Mondays :D Their Sapporo style miso ramen is awesome - chewy noodles, rich miso broth, and the perfect amount of toppings. Oh how heavenly it would be if they were to add crab to the topping extras!  Be sure to order a side of handmade gyoza, as well.

*They don't open until 11:30am.
I used to think LA got one of the Best Ramen places in town.  Opinions changed!!

Monta Noodle House for now got the BEST Tonkotsu Ramen Soup in town! 

I have tried the famous Ramen shop in LA, SF, and NYC.  This one is no doubt the  BEST.  Thick creamy soup with bald flavors.  Although I am not the fan of thin noodles but they managed to cook it right (Shinsengumi Hataka Ramen in Gardena can not get it right, so does the famous Ippudo in NYC).  I also LOVED their nitamago (soft broiled egg).  YUMMY (Look at the business photo that I placed)

This place is now on my official "Must Visit" place when coming to Sin City.  So Good!$!#$!$!  and they also accept credit cards :D
I recently decided to try "Monta" again when my Mom came into town. I knew my Mom would not like "Anime Ramen" because it's too loud in there. I wanted to originally take her to "Yagyu Yakiniku" because they have a very spicy broth that I know she likes, but to our surprise they were closed when we got there. And, we didn't like the new "Ramen Sora" when we went there a month ago... So we had no choice but to try Monta. 

We usually don't like to go to Monta because of the long wait time to get a seat, but to our surprise there was no line and we were sat immediately. I've come to the conclusion that if you go before 5:00, there is usually no wait time. 

The thing I like the best about Monta is that you always get good service here. If I rank the service from 1 to 10(with 1 being the lowest),  I have never experienced anything less than a 20!

This time, I tried the Shoyu Ramen. It was excellent. I think they have the best Shoyu Ramen in the world. No other restaurant compares. 

Everyone knows from my previous reviews that my favorite Ramen in the world is Miso Ramen. The thing about Miso Ramen is that no region has a similar recipe. And Ramen houses that are located in the same area will always try to copy each others style. In San Diego, the popular Ramen houses pack their Miso broth with boiled cabbage and give you nothing but noodles and broth. That means you get no egg, charsiu, bamboo, or fungus like you do anywhere else. In Los Angeles, the Miso Ramen is typically pure white in color, and extremely spicy. At the Restaurants which are run by ethnically Chinese people who are Japanese in nationality, the broth is very smooth, thin, and full of sesame oil. Now, Las Vegas is the only region that doesn't have a typical style of  Miso Ramen. Monta's Miso Ramen has a broth that is pure yellow, smooth in texture, not spicy, and the taste of the actual miso beans is extremely strong. Anime Ramen has a Miso that is almost identical to what you get at the ethnically Chinese-Japanese Ramen houses.  And Yagyu has a spicy white-broth Ramen that is very oily, and heavy in meats.  So, if you like a non-spicy traditional Japanese taste then Monta is for you. If you like a spicy traditional Japanese Ramen that has way more meat than noodles, then Yagyu is for you. If you like a thin broth full of sesame with all the sides included, then Anime Ramen is for you. That's what I like about the LV Ramen scene: diversity! 

In the end, after trying Monta again after many months, I have come to the conclusion that Monta is still the undisputed champion of Las Vegas Ramen.
Thursday 1:30pm and the wait is over half an hour for a party of two. -_- really? But seriously this place is pretty darn good. The wait is lame but it's worth it! I've only had samples of the ramen and it's good but I have had WAY better ramen elsewhere. the broth is super rich and pretty good but the noodles are too thin! I come here for the pork belly rice! It trumps all other rice bowls I have had in the area. So hmm.... LV's monta pork belly rice bowl vs LA's daikokuya shredded pork rice bowl. Let the showdown begin!
Before my friends tricked me into going to Monta, I thought the only kind of ramen available were the packs for 19 cents, how naive. As I'm sure you've heard the place only seats about 20 people at a time and there is often times a wait, but it's very much worth it. Their menu is quite small but everything on there is a knock out. Feeling like you can't go wrong when you order is an awesome feeling. I personally order the Shoyu ramen with corn and fried rice, the first time i tired this I knew there was a heaven. It's so savory and authentic, if you ever go, take a spoonful of the fried rice dip it in the broth and I GUARANTEE your taste buds will be enraptured with a euphoric taste. The price is fairly cheap as well around $15 a person. The waitresses are very friendly as well and always take time to teach me some new Japanese every time I go. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for something different within a reasonable prince range.
This is a tiny place that serves delicious ramen! Parking can be frustrating and waiting for a table can take a while. I especially dislike coming here on certain holidays, because there are so many people.
Suffice to say Monta has become the next best thing to hit Vegas since fried rice, but WHY you may wonder did I only give it a 4 star? As you may all have read the rest of the 400+reviews & counting, everyone is raving about the food at Monta & the prices, and I definitely agree with all the positive reviews, I mean c'mon you have a Menu that would fit in one sheet of paper, how can you mess that one up? They have followed the In N Out Burger's mantra...KISSS (keep it simple st*p*d) Less is More, No Frills, No guess work, in fact I love everything on their menu so much it is so hard for me to pick just one item! The only disadvantage to the "If it ain't broke don't fix it" attitude is that it GETS BORING, and you might get Monta'd out (especially if you are eating there almost every week sometimes two) I guess some good things must come to an end, and as the Law of Gravity dictates, what comes up, must come down, even if it is THE BEST noodle & chiar su pork in town. With this popularity also comes one downfall....BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR A TABLE! Especially during the peak hours of lunch & dinner. They open at 11 am and trust me there is a line already forming outside waiting for them to open. this is a sure way to tell that a place is sure to be good especially when it's packed, but what if you are really hungry already??? Hmmm bring some crackers with you. Keep in mind also that at Monta it is first come first serve, you can not make reservations, nor will they seat you if your whole party is not there yet (they FROWN upon this) Monta is suitable for parties of a maximum of 4 if your party is more than that you probably won't sit together or even eat at the same time. The waiting time is often discouraging, HUNGRY PEOPLE are ANGRY PEOPLE! It has happened on more than one occasion that we had to go somewhere else because we got discouraged by the slew of people waiting to be seated anplay how pressed for time we already are. So by now you probably figured out why it is missing that 1 more star, Me & Monta definitely have a Love-Hate relationship. Like in any other relationship, if you fall too quickly, you will fall out as quickly as you fell. So for now or until I crave you again, SAYUNARA Monta-san.
Every time I visit Vegas, I feel fortunate to know some locals that always take me to Chinatown or places nearby.  This place is tiny and packed...so there will most likely be a line.  But the wait is worth it.  I had the Miso Ramyum with Pork and Hard Boiled egg as add-ons.  I picked up the tab for a party of 5 and it was still half the price as my meal for two at Ippudo in NYC.  Great food and great value.
I've never had Ramen that didn't have a plastic wrapper. I wanted to see what all the hoopla was.
I got the Tonkotsu which was good but not much different from when I bust out my package of Nissin Top Ramen and add a slice of american cheese to create a creamy broth. The slices of roasted pork made the dish better but my meat had a lot of fat on it, I was glad I got extra, 2 slices was not enough for that huge bowl of noodles. The price is good and I feel like the dish was a good size. But I doubt I'll go out of my to go here again.
I never considered any other reason to visit Las Vegas aside from The Strip, but visitors rejoice! There is another reason..it's in the form of a little ramen restaurant called Monta! Fellow yelper Vicky L. recommended it to me and I made it my first stop in Vegas, right after picking up the rental car.

We arrived at around 11:45 and got extremely lucky with seats at the counter, because the place filled up quickly by noon with the lunch crowd.

I had the tonkotsu-shoyu and the husband had the tonkotsu. The broth for both were extremely creamy and delicious. If you like things with a bit more flavor, I suggest the tonkotsu-shoyu. The ramen noodles are the thin, angel-hair type which is a nice change from the usual ones we get in SF. 

The egg..how could I forget to order the soft-boiled egg? I'm actually still bitter about that. So please do me (and yourself) a favor and add a soft-boiled egg to your ramen. 

We also smelled the fried rice aroma from our neighbor and couldn't help but get a small order to share ourselves. It was the perfect portion and hit the spot.
I expected A LOT from monta noodle house. They call me Ramen Sheriff, because I've tried countless ramen joints and ramen is my favorite food of all-time.  And Ramen Sheriff gives this place 1 star. Dis-a-ppointed.

They said this was THE best ramen in vegas and even THE best tonkatsu ramen they've ever had. Umm.. not to be mean or anything.. but I still haven't had any better tonkatsu ramen than Santa Ramen in San Mateo. Here was the tonkatsu ramen I had at Monta: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=iPsp5gVQWZ-u3E5DzNlFOQ

It was SOO salty!! Good thing my friend ordered the exact same bowl, because his wasn't salty but mine was, it wasn't just me. I told the waitress and she said "I can either give you hot water or take it back for them to cook again, but then it would take a while.. do you want me to give you hot water to try first?" I said sure since I was hungry (it's a small restaurant and a long wait). 

She gives me hot water, I add half the bowl and it was still salty.  Disgusting. 

She didn't even come back to ask if it was okay until after I was done with the whole thing!  Good job lady.  Yeah I finished the whole bowl but it was still salty. 

My first instinct was the Tonkatsu-Shoyu bowl anyway, but the same waitress said tonkatsu was better, since it's more popular and very creamy. And it failed. 

Lesson learned: Go with your first instinct!! It's usually always right.
Upon a friend's recommendation, I decided to head over to try Monta one night. It was 10 pm and dining options were starting to get scarce. The place was tucked away in a little mini mall. Plenty of parking in the lot, but it can be a tight fit.

At this time, the place was still relatively full. We were able to get the last open table. The menu is short and to the point. You can choose from four types of ramen broths, add your toppings, or even add extra noodles. As for other menu items, there was some fried rice options and handmade gyozas. We ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen with charsui, egg, and nori; the Tonkatsu Shoyu Ramen (a bit less rich than the regular tonkatsu ramen) with same toppings; pork belly rice bowl; kimchee fried rice and an order of gyoza. All tasted great, especially the charsui topping. It had more flavor than in other ramen spots I've eaten at. I could've ordered another order of gyoza. 

All in all, a surprisingly good spot that I'll visit again. Keep in mind, they open till 1:00 pm on Friday and Saturday, but they only have about 7 tables and another 7 seats at the counter.
Ramen is probably one of my top foods, and I've had a LOT of ramen. This place is still top for me out of my 21 years of eating, and I'm staying true to that statement until I'm proven wrong. Even after my first time coming here, I'm still craving it all the way from California. The noodles are absolutely cooked to perfection. The broth is, of course, so tasteful and hot, but so good that even in the heat of Las Vegas, you couldn't care about it. The meat is THE best meat I've ever had in ramen, hands down. It's so tender and savory, it just falls apart with ease. The next time you're in North LV, you GOTTA stop by. You'll come out sweating from the heat inside the restaurant mixed with the heat from the soup and the weather, but you'll come out completely satisfied. If you're not satisfied, I don't know what to tell you.
As comfort food goes, Ramen can be such a go-to meal when it's cold outside (We both sweat WAY TOO MUCH to be slurping noodles in mega hot molten lava broth in the summer)! So during the colder months, we make our way as much as possible to Monta for Ramen

It's tiny noodle shop, the counter seats ten and five table tops that seats twelve total.  It's open until late at night and it cranks out people like no one's business-prety much there's always a waiting list to get into this place!

And it is well worth it,  the Ramen is some of the best that we have had, (and that includes Japan!  Gasp! Horror! Blasphemy!) but it's true-we went to Hide Chan Ramen in Fukuoka and the broth wasn't as good as Monta's!

As we always do, there's a couple of things that we order and not much else, (it's hard to venture out when you know a dish is that good).  We start the Japanese journey with an order of the Gyoza; these pork dumplings are perfectly cooked, a crunchy charred exterior that holds in the moist juices of the pork.  Add Sujoyu, (a mixture of Vinegar and Soy Sauce) Rayu (Chili Oil) and some raw garlic, dip these little moon shaped suckers in it and pop' em in your pie hole! 

After you've wet your appetite, it's time move onto the Main Event; the Ramen.  As is, we're partial to the Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) Ramen- the broth is made from simmered Pork Bone, Fat and Collagen which gives it its super rich, almost creamy soup that can easily fill you up and warm your body.  It's most definitely the most satisfying noodle soup on this planet.  And especially since this is a Kyushu dish, (Fukuoka is on the  island of Kyushu) I'm particular to the flavor.  (Japan based on its regions have different tastes and styles to the same dish).  

Monta's Tonkotsu Ramen recipe is from Kurume, (not far from Fukuoka) so it's really close to my heart.  Which is why you won't see me ordering the other Ramen, (there's Shoyu, Miso and Tonkotsu-Shoyu).  One of these days, We'll get to them......

There's a couple of add ons and I would definitely go and order an extra Chashu, (Roasted Pork) these tender slices of heaven are as much as a main character as the Noodles and Broth.  Getting to the Noodles, have you ever had anything better than Ramen Noodles? They're just so unique; chewy and Monta really cooks them right.  We also get the Nitamago, (cooked egg) Takana, (Mustard Leaf) and sometimes Nori, (Seaweed) -the egg for extra protein, the Takana for the vegetable and crunch and Nori for the contrast in texture.  You can also order an extra helping of Ramen Noodles (Kaedama) if you have extra broth, but there's no way I have ever had enough room for that!!!

In the Summertime, they serve Hiyashi-Chuka (Cold Chinese Noodles). It's refreshing and cold perfect for the summer with bits of Ham, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts, Takana, Nori and Sesame Seeds over Ramen noodles in a light Soy; it's the best on a hot day!!!

I forgot to mention the Rice bowls that they serve as well; I'm not the biggest fan of these bowls but that just me- a lot of people rave about them!  I know what I like and I'm happy staying on my side of the menu if you know what I mean...The service here is excellent, the waitresses are terribly polite and the the food comes outs really fast! (They need too, cuz they have to get people in and out of there)!


Ratings (Out of Five Stars)

Food          4.75
Ambience  4
Service      4.5
Makes you never wanna eat top ramen cuz it obviously does not compare. Not a big menu, not a bad thing because sometimes too much choices is more prone to getting something you might not like. Everything, as far the ramen goes, is good. I ve tried most of em. I recommend getting all the extra toppings which range 0.75 -1.50. Service is quick, not really personable but food is so good you dont even wanna be interrupted or be embarrassed to be approached while stuffing your face with awesome noodle goodness. have fun here and prepare to be full and satisfied. domo arigrateful for some monta.
Really nice place and worth it as long as you go there right when it opens of off hours.

This is my third visit to Monta but first time to review.  

1.  The lines - The place is typical for a Ramen shop, with limited space to eat and to wait, but it is worth it.  My suggestion is to go when it opens and it will be all good.

2.  The food -  Have had:
a.  Miso Ramen - Bean Paste Ramen, very tasty. noodles perfect.
b.  Shoyu Ramen - Soy Sauce flavored broth and a nice stand by.
c.  Tonkatsu Ramen - Pork Bone broth - my favorite.

All noodles are just right, al dente and the broth is not piping hot as I would expect, but tasty overall.  Perhaps they believe the western palate does not prefer the hot broth, but to me, it has to be piping hot to be perfect.  The soups have a perfect blend of roasted pork slices that are tender and tasty.

3.  Price - Very reasonable, approximately 7.00 depending if you put extra stuff in the noodles.

Check this place out.  you will not be disappointed.
This place is realy good,I understand now why people hype it up so much.I came in today for lunch and it was pretty packed i had to sit on the stool where you can see the chelfs wich i didnt mind i like watching them cook.And it wasnt hot even by the kitchen so thats good.I got the soy sause ramen and water.

Soy sause ramen-The noodles were aldentay and very good!The pork in it was pretty good but I didnt eat it all it had a sweetness to it it was good.And the broth was yummy as well it was salty and tasted like soy sause very flavorful though,I put extra soy sause and the red chilly flake things in for spicyness it was hella good.
Ever since I saw a movie called Ramen Girl, trying out a properly prepared ramen has been one of my goals. Now I can say that I've finally accomplished that. This is not the ramen you were forced to eat in college to save money. I had tonkatsu ramen which had a full bodied pork broth with thin slices of barbequed pork belly. It was such a revelation of what well made noodles should be. I will regret having to go back home where we don't have any Japanese restaurants that put the care into creating this spectacular comfort food.
We went there on a Monday around 12noon and had a 20 minutes wait.  The menu is simple.  I ordered the miso ramen, which is good, but too salty.  I did enjoy the sliced pork (very tender) and the noodle a lot, only wish it was not that salty.  My mother had the pork belly bowl, and we loved it.  We also ordered gyoza (pot sticker), and we love it very much too.  I will make it a regular eat out place for me and looking forward to try other items on the menu.
Tonkatsu ramen is delish.  We come here every Vegas trip.
By FAR only place too go for Ramen! Growing up in Hawaii Ramen just about stable food as Spam musubi. So too finally find Ramen place same style food excited. It has all the same character small place holds less then fifty people, bar area (cool get see them make the ramen), and when the place gets packed line out the door. It SOO worth the wait. The timing is hit or miss. They first open in the morning for lunch that time always count on line. The whole small hole in the wall love because look where the restaurant located understand.

The food all the ramen is good. Shoyu Ramen I die for!! The flavor is spot on the depth nice light broth and depending if order additional topping can be hearty noodle dish. I prefer couple extras. Other thing find must really perfect compliment too big bowl of ramen is gyoza. It steamed perfectly then seared off on flat top too perfection and the filling is tasty. The gyoza sauce optional but must only way too have it combine together is divine. 

They other sides I order the kim chee good but stand out is kim chee fried rice. It could ordered big bowl of that if they had it on the menu. =( It not over spicy but just the right amount of balance. They even have one beer offer on tap never think see small the place is never been good one too. I not remember name of it. Sorry.

The service is excellent. All the servers are very friendly and attentive. The prices are really reasonable. It light healthy tasty any time meal! =))) If never been say give it try!!!
A little tiny tiny place with a huge huge line (get there early or late).  Make sure to sign in on their waiting list as soon as you get there. Ramen=Mmmmmmm~
My bf and I didn't care much for the miso ramen but others were excellente~ :)  We'll definitely going back for more when we get a chance to visit LV.
This place is amazing! I had never tried real ramen before and was take here by a friend for lunch one day. There are the 3 types of ramen you can have (Tonkotsu "Pork Bone", Miso "Bean Paste" or Shoyu "Soy Sauce"). They also have a list of extra toppings like Pork, Egg, Onion, Corn, or Kimuchi. You can also add extra noodles.

The ramen was really good and the place always seems to be very packed every time I come here. I liked it so much the one time I went for lunch I made it the place to go for my birthday outing. There were about 8 of us and even though the place was small they were eventually able to see us. We did have to wait a bit for enough people to clear out to get an appropriate sized table but everyone in my party loved this place. It was perfect for a cold November day.

The staff is very friendly and if you have any questions about the menu they are really helpful. They have other items on the menu but it's really about the ramen. Also, the price is ridiculously reasonable for the amount of food you're given. $7-$8 for the ramen and $.50-$2.50 for toppings. 

I personally always get the Shoyu ramen with Pork topping. Very good every time.
BEST charsiu of any noodle place I've tried!! Kinda bummed I didn't order extra. Got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and just asked for corn, but she charged me for it and I never got it.. but that's okay cause the charsiu was so good I didn't care! Have the choice of 3 different broths and either thick or thin noodle... I opted for thick and the bf got the thin with the miso broth... not a fan of miso but it was good. Mine was better.

Very small place though, not really good for large parties. And easy to miss when trying to locate... But food comes out quick! And very reasonable pricing. Love it. Should try the rest of the menu, but this small bowl of ramen is pretty filling...

If you haven't been, you must try.

Why not 5 stars? I dunno... maybe when I sample more items I will reconsider.
It's a very tiny place, but the food is good. The first time I went here was over the summer, which was a big mistake. There isn't really air conditioning in there (or there was, but i didn't realize it). The waitresses are wonderful though :) and if you sit at the bar stools, you can watch them prepare your ramen.
Good, creamy tonkotsu broth.  Chashu was not too fatty and melted in my mouth.  The noodles were okay, they didn't have the eggy taste that I love.  The service is what deserved the 5-star.  I ordered a mentaiko bowl and stopped after the first bite, it was too fishy for me.  The waitress noticed this and took the charge off our check.  Thanks for the kind gesture Monta!
This is still my most favorite Japanese noodle house.  My only question is why don't they open up more of these -- perhaps one near Henderson where I work?
Very good ramen.  Not the best I've had, but absolutely solid and definitely hits the spot since I haven't had good ramen in several months.  I got the shoyu ramen and added nori, egg, and char sui.  Yes, I missed ramen.  The portion was completely decent.  The char sui was a waste of additional money I felt because the pork was way too fatty and broke apart too much in the soup.  Not worth the trouble, especially when there was no particularly special flavor to it.  They serve canned iced green tea which was delicious as well.
I'm no ramen guy. Actually, this is my first experience with true ramen from a restaurant. It definitely met my expectations. I got the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen on my friend's advice, and I also split some fried rice. Loved the rich broth, the texture of the noodles, and the way that the chashu (which isn't like what I'm used to) just melted away in my mouth. I can see how some people would complain of saltiness, but I liked it just fine. The fried rice was also delicious, although it did seem pricey for, you know, fried rice.

I was surprised at first by how small the place is, but after it became apparent that this is a spot for a quick meal, including rapid filling of orders, I saw how they could get away with it. You definitely shouldn't pick this place if you wanna linger around for an hour or more.
Fast service and delicious ramen. I couldn't really ask for more. I got mine with the nitamago (egg), and the egg was so good I want to accelerate my next trip to Vegas just so I can get back here.
Wow that was some good tonkatsu if u ask me, the pork was so tender. Probably the best noodles and soup i have ever tasted.  The service was great and the people were so helpful.  Will try and visit this place whenever i"m in Vegas.....
This is a great place to eat.  Food is amazing and Staff is great
One of the best ramen places I've been to. It starts off pretty cheap, and even with a few addons like the Chashu pork (must), corn, nori, etc, it was still really cheap. 

Lots of flavor in the broth, and the Chashu is so tender. It literally just melts in your mouth and has really good flavor. This is definitely one spot I will always come to when in Vegas.
Being from Hawaii I love Saimin.  But there is no Saimin here in Las Vegas.  Next best thing is Ramen.  

I first went to Monta about a month ago.  I thought it was good.  Then asked some of my Japanese Speaking staff where they go for good Ramen.  They mentioned Inaba and Sora.  I went Sora and finally made it to Inaba last night.  Well actually went to Monta and there was a line then decided to check out Inaba.  Inaba had 2 tables seated, other than that it was empty.  It was good.  Handmade noodles.  Cooked to order.  It took a while to get our food, but it was good.  Would I go back, no.

Then went back to Monta tonight.  I've been in Las Vegas for a little over a month and ate there about 5 times so far.  The Ramen there is Great.  I thought it was good at first, but come to find out that other highly recommended  Ramen Shops can't compare to this.  This is by far the best Ramen Shop in Las Vegas.
simply the best ramen house in this town!
Just north of the Las Vegas Chinatown strip is this little ramen house called Monta Noodle House. If you're NOT a local, you'll probably never find this place. Ohh...using Yelp may help you locate Monta also.

We all have a mutual friend that lives in Vegas that loves Monta. I think I see him check into Monta at least once a week on FB. Small place, they'll be a wait at times but the food, ramen (BBQ pork) and apps are well worth it! 

I had the shoyu/miso ramen with their famous BBQ pork in the broth, A+! Gyozas aren't bad, the service was super good also. 

Next trip to Vegas, i'll be back! Very affordable menu too. Probably the BEST you can get in Vegas, their ramen cures hangovers!  :)
Raku was fully booked so ramen it is.  Good broth.  Tonkotsu much better than the shoyu combination broth.  Skimpy on the toppings.  Noodles are too soft.  Standard gyoza.  No fresh hot tea.
I have been try to get to this place after reading some reviews on Yelp by my hero Yuki K. So I arrange to pick up Wifee from work on a pretence of tile shopping for the new kitchen , quick detour and we're at Monta. 

I get the Miso Ramen, fab broth with huge pieces of pork and big fat noodles. Wifee got the Shoyu, it was simply splendid. Washed down with some Green Tea (in a can) and we were out the door for less than $20 before a tip.  It's a tiny place with super friendly staff, food is cooked right in front of you. Really good.
Four different broth flavors and many different add ins.  A local favorite!  Make sure you have your WHOLE party together before being seated.  It's pretty busy and a small dining area but worth the wait!  I got the Shoyu & added egg!  VERY good!  In Chinatown strip area.  Wonderful staff & make sure to get the Hot Tea in a can!  I will be back soon!
tonkatsu shoyu w/ soft egg! the broth is soo flavorful. sitting at the bar feels like i've been plopped in a japanese movie or anime. & i like watching the dude fling the noodle basket about.

fried rice is good too.
Oh my goodness.  I want more noodles now.  Yum.

We went on a Tuesday night at about 8;15 and there were people milling about outside, indicating a waiting list.  I had to be up early so we almost left and went elsewhere.  While we were thinking about it we put our names on the list, there were 3 other 2 tops ahead of us.  One of them had left I guess so we were sat in about 10 minutes.  I'm glad we stayed.  

We were sat at the bar, with a perfect view of the noodles flinging about the kitchen.  Although I am a little short so I was standing most of the time :)  The place is small, probably no more than 24 seats, 10 of which are at the bar.  The service is quick and friendly.  The noodles come out quickly and it is fun to watch your order being made.  I got the Soy Ramen with extra scallions and extra pork.  Get the extra pork.  Each bowl comes with like 2 thin slices of pork.  It was my favorite part of the bowl, it is braised fatty pork that kind of melts in your soup and your mouth.  The flavor is wonderful and noodles are tender and slurpable (is that  a word?).  

It was 20 bucks without tip and included two beers and two bowls.  It was quick and fun and tasty.  In the past I have had ramen bowls that were tasty, but they usually come with fish cakes and a few other things I don't love.  But this was pretty straight forward and no fish in any of these.  I guess it's a different type of ramen, but I like it way better.  

Give this place a try, if there is a line, it goes quickly.  I will definitely go again, hopefully soon.
Gah! I wish I read the reviews more carefully so I would have known that you need to order the egg as an add on. Everyone raved about the egg, so I assumed it was included, but it's not! 

Oh well, the ramen is still excellent. I had the tonkotsu, but since my mom ordered the tonkotsu shoyu and my grandma had the shoyu, I was able to sample 3 out of the 4 available soups. The soup has a clean flavor and isn't as kotteri (fatty) as what you find at Santouka (my fave ramen joint). The noodles are also very thin - like angel hair pasta. The chasiu is definitely a standout and meltingly tender. I also ordered a small fried rice and it was delicious and quite literally glistening.

We came here around 1:30 on Saturday afternoon and scored the last 3 seats at the counter. As others have mentioned it is a very small restaurant, but most people eat their noodles and go so turnover is fast. Definitely a great place to check out in Vegas for some authentic ramen!
I had the miso soup with the pork and hard boiled egg, it was amazing! You get a great big bowl, friendly service. Can't wait to try the other items.
If you've read my past reviews, you'll see very quickly that I'm broke as a joke and would prefer eating closer to my home in NLV, but Monta is the ONLY place far away from home that I will eat at and drive through traffic for (OK, it's only a 20-minute drive away but the price I'm paying for gas makes it feel like a journey).

I lived in Japan for 8 years, so as far as authenticity goes, this place takes the cake (or ke-ki). The waitresses and chefs are always welcoming and courteous, and you could tell they put a lot of love and effort in every dish that is served. There are items on the menu that I haven't seen since I lived in Japan, so Monta leaves a very special, nostalgic mark in my heart. They also remember their regulars and treat them like friends. So you'd think the price would match the golden service, but NO! It's so nice and cuddly on my wallet. My wallet wants to date the face off this place. I don't know many places that fix a huge bowl of noodles that could feed two people for just $6, and still taste awesome.
Definitely had to find a Japanese Ramen place in my new locale. 

Luckily, some friends were in town and wanted to come back to their ramen house of choice. 

Simple menu options and great appetizers selection. 

I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and had a few spoonfuls of the Takana rice, which were both flavorful and delicious. 

They request that your full party is there before you're seated, even had a bar to sit at which was quite nice for the smaller parties. 

Will come back to this place when I need my ramen fix.
Fabulous noodles!!! The pork broth was sublime and the gyoza excellent. It's a small hole in the wall, but clean and pleasant.  As is usual for this town, it was located in a strip mall, which does diminish some of the charm.
They're good at what they do, ramen. 
I, personally, feel like this is a place you go to when you specifically are craving it. 
You wouldn't come in not sure of what to order.  
Options are limited since the menu is very small. The place itself is very small, but I think exclusivity is part of its charm. Every time I go there, it is busy and there is usually a little bit of a wait. There is a smal; bench outside for people to wait.
Different hours of the day allow for different amounts of waits. There is a sign in sheet, so make sure to get your name on it ASAP.
There is a drink that I get every time I am there called CALPICO. It's a non-carbonated soft drink. I know, I'm still trying to wrap my head around that idea as well. It's sweet and amazing. It's hard not to keep sipping on it while waiting for your food.
Pretty nice place. Simple menu that isn't distracting or full of crazy dishes. The place gets busy often and to have quite a small establishment can be quite troublesome. This place is not for big dinners, more like lunch with a couple of friends to catch up or before heading out to a movie or something. Overall, this place is quite nice and I'm sure everyone will enjoy it :)
I gotta agree 100% with respected Yelper: Tien N's review. He was the only guy brave enough to leave a low rating for Monta. Personally, I think that most people are riding the bandwagon and just rating this place up because everyone else is. I came again today, and just couldn't enjoy the Ramen here like I used to. 

Like most of my Yelp friends already know, I am somewhat an expert at Ramen. During my college years, my friend Takeichi and I went on a bizarre and pointless quest across the West Coast in order to eat Miso Ramen at every single famous Ramen house in America. 30 days and over 50 Ramen houses later, we declared ourselves Ramen Masters.

Ramen has a lot of historical and cultural significance to the Japanese people. After the defeat of the Imperial forces in WW2, Japan had practically become a poverty stricken 3rd world country. It was around then that Ramen became extremely popular due to how cheap the ingredients were. There was one Ramen house in San Diego which I visited years ago, that had the exact variation of post WW2 Ramen. The Ramen itself was practically a less salty version of Shio. It had absolutely nothing in it besides for noodles and salt water. That means, you get no charsiu, egg, or vegetables. Personally, I thought it was the worst bowl of Ramen I have ever had. The owner of the Ramen house told me that the only reason she serves this depressing version of Ramen is because of it's cultural significance. At least Monta doesn't have anything that bad...    

I guess the reason I originally liked Monta was because I was so used to eating the extremely spicy style of Ramen from California, so when I first had Monta's Miso Ramen it was so different that I actually thought it was good. I can't identify which regional variation of Ramen is served at Monta. Me and Takeichi think that it might be a specific Shibuya variation, but we just can't come to a positive conclusion. But, we do believe though that it definitely is some kind of Tokyo variation.

I myself have begun to believe that the Miso Ramen at Monta is actually a combination of Toyko style and a random American style. In the 1960s, Ichiro Mashita created the "California Roll" because Americans kept complaining to him that his rolls that had Otoro in it tasted like garbage.  I kind of think that Monta's recipe is the "California Roll" of the Ramen world. And that's why it's rare to find a full-blooded Japanese person eating here.

Weird observation:The Tonkatsu and the Miso Ramen here at Monta taste almost identical. This is very unusual. Those two should never taste that  similar.

One of my friends who is full-blooded Korean always refused to come here with us. When I asked him why, he said it was because Koreans believe that Ramen is "the food of the Rats". I don't know what that's supposed to mean....

It is just so difficult to move around here. The seats are designed for people who are less than 5'5" and weight around 120lbs. The stools at the bar area are very uncomfortable. Walking to the bathroom is difficult because you keep having to bump into other customers and the girls at the cash register. It's common for Ramen houses to be small, even the most popular Ramen house in America(Orochon) only seats like 20 people and the chairs are very uncomfortable. But, somehow Monta is far worse. 

Like 90% of the customers here are yelpers. Every time I come here I recognize someone from their Yelp picture. 

When I was here today, I overheard a person talking about how Monta is "the greatest" and Anime Ramen is "fake ramen". To me, Anime Ramen is far better than Monta. Anime actually gives you gigantic portions of bamboo, mushrooms, corn, eggs, and charsiu for free, while Monta charges extra and only gives about 1 tbsp of micro-sized diced bamboo. Today, I ordered extra butter and I got a teaspoon. At Sora or Anime, they would have loaded my bowl with butter. Also, at Sora and Anime, the bowls are at least 30% larger.  But, the best thing about Anime is that they give you 3 slices of Narutomaki for free.  Also, the guy who runs Anime Ramen is a guy named Ryosuke and his dad is one of the most  famous traditional Japanese sushi chefs in America, so I don't understand where this "non-japanese" rumor is coming from.   

I still believe that Monta has the best Shoyu Ramen, but out of the 3 major Ramen houses in LV(Monta,Anime,Sora), I gotta say that Monta has the worst Miso Ramen. Maybe the reason why Monta has bad Miso Ramen is because it is a Toyko style Ramen house. And Toyko style Ramen houses always specialize in Shoyu. While, it is the Sapporo style Ramen houses that always specifically specialize in Miso Ramen(Miso Ramen was invented in the city of Sapporo).  But, I still love the excellent customer service here, so I'll give Monta 3-stars.
I don't think I've ever passed by this place and there wasn't a line. I'm glad I finally gave in and decided to wait in their obnoxious line and try their ramen. It really is all about the ramen broth here. So creamy and tasty! However, I don't feel like its the best bowl of ramen I've ever had it is certainly good. =D
I must say, out of all the ramen places I've tried, Monta definitely sticks out. I've had ramen from NorCal, SoCal, and New York. I don't call myself very knowledgeable but I sure as hell know what I like to eat. The best ramen place that I've tried is Ippudo, which is located in Manhattan NY. However, Monta does come close.


Monta is quite a small restaurant and it has one of those homely feels to it. One thing I didn't quite like was how stuffy it was. I went during one of the warm days, it wasn't even hot, but all they had was fans and I couldn't even feel them. So the place had pretty poor circulation and stuffy. I'd hate to see what it's like during an actual summer temperature where it hits over 100 degrees. 


I had their tonkotsu ramen with corn -- definitely recommended. Their broth is rich and full of flavor. It is yummy. However, because of how rich and yummy the broth is, I don't suggest adding an egg to it. Because once you do, the egg loses its flavor and the broth overpowers it. So no point. 


I would've given this place five full stars if it were not for the waitress that helped us. Oh the service was fine throughout our meal. When we first took our orders down, she offered us, "Would you like everything on one check or split checks?" We were a party of 8. Obviously, some had cash and some didn't so we would prefer the latter. So we answered with, "Split checks would be nice :)" But then she responds with, "I could do that but could you please not do 8 separate checks? It's a little bit too much."

I'M SORRY? Really, why did you even bother to offer? 

I didn't feel like arguing or bothering so we just went with one check. You don't offer something then take back your offer. Or at least lay your own terms down before you finish offering. Thank you. 


But hey. Food's good. :) Just that tiny bit irked me.
best ramen in Vegas hands down. Tried their fusion of tonkatsu and shoyu ramen. Great broth, but wasn't a big fan of the thinner noodles, but they were very good. my friend got the shoyu one.. wished I had gotten that one. I like the fact is that they designed it to make you feel like you are in one of those hole in the wall ramen shops in Japan. Great experience and good food.
I've had better ramen in Socal, but this is a go to place whenever I visit Las Vegas.  My friend that lives in Vegas introduced me to this place and the first couple times were good experiences, but this past visit this weekend my miso ramen was way too salty.  Normally I can stand a lot of sodium in my foods, but this was almost unbearable.  My boyfriend and I always get the fried rice with our ramen, but even that was somehow even more saltier.  For the first time we were unable to finish it from the taste being so strange.  I'm not sure what's changed, but they need to calm yoself with that salt shaker.
Ordered a miso ramen with the boiled egg and it was excellent .

The broth was done very well the egg tasted like butter don't know how they did it but it was great!!

The two pieces of chashu was not dry but tender and had a layer of BBQ 'd jellied fat around it. Two pieces were enough. 

Service was attentive

I will be back when I visit Vegas
I am going to jump on the bandwagon and say that ramen here is pretty great. It is a tiny place and there is generally a 15-20 minute wait. The staff is nice enough and the service is fine when it comes to refills or getting extra noodles for your broth. No one is overbearing, but they don't snub you either -- just right.
As far as the ramen, I had Tonkotsu-Shoyu with chashu, nori and shredded green onions. The broth was perfect and the chashu was tender with the right amount of fat. Ramen is considered to be Japan's ultimate comfort food, and I can see why.
The best Ramen PERIOD. Beats L.A.'s Santouka & Daikokuya. Tonkotsu Ramen was excellent with creamy broth and melt in your mouth chashu.  Kimchi fried rice was nothing special and gyoza was mediocre, in fact, a bit burnt.  Only a ~20 persons capacity, so think twice before bringing your party of 10+.  Servers were attentive.  Well worth the wait.
A very simple and finely tuned establishment, I wish there was one like it at home.   The place is small and the service peeps very cheerfully chipper that it seems like something that came out of a Japanese Sailor Moon anime....can't complain, I love this atmosphere.

I ordered the Tontkotso/Miso broth with my ramen, the pork and noodles all complement the spices to expose umami flavor that is a joy for your tastebuds.  If you're ever in Las Vegas, you owe it to yourself to visit Chinatown and pay Monto Ramen a visit.
After night one, we needed soup to help nurse our hangovers.  My friend turned to Yelp and found that Monta had a bunch of reviews and was overall rated four stars.  After dining at Monta and though the price is right, my conclusion is either Vegas lacks great ramen spots or Vegas Yelpers have low expectations for ramen...or maybe even both...

WAIT:
Our party of seven arrived a bit after 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  Monta isn't a big place.  They accommodate approximately about 10 people at the bar and another 20-25 seated.  We waited about 30 minutes for a table which in the end, our party of seven had to split into two separate groups to be seated.

FOOD:
*Tonkatsu Ramen ($6.95) - Though the broth was tasty and hearty, the noodles totally failed.  The noodles were different from what I am use to and I wasn't a fan of the thin, vermicelli like noodles which made the broth taste starchy the longer they sat there.  Toppings on the noodles were two pieces of chasui, bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms.  One of our friends ordered the miso ramen and it came with noodles we were more accustomed to.

*Pork Belly Bowl ($3.95 small/$5.75 large) - Delicious!  We ordered a large bowl and shared it with the table.  A generous amount of tasty pork belly is shredded over rice and topped with chopped green onions.

SERVICE:
Typical Asian restaurant as you basically order, get your food, and get the bill.  Food took about 15 minutes or so to come out.

PARKING:
Private lot
We stepped out of our comfort zone....  it was a very busy, hole in the wall restaurant.  Great food, great service!
Delicious, great place to go if your a noodle lover. Although the location is very small, so most likely your going to be waiting. Better bring a cold bottle of water to keep you cool not much waiting room inside. My wife suggest adding the boiled egg and two extra slices of chashu to any bowl. My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen it's delicious with a couple of teaspoons of soy sauce, vinegar and the red powder stuff. The place is pretty clean and so is the bathroom. Definitely will go back.
For Las Vegas, Monta is pretty much as good as it gets.

The food is good, prices are fair and it gives a somewhat authentic feeling by being in a tiny noodle shop that can only seat about 25 - 30 people.

The only down side is the wait time to get in since the place is so popular. But at least you know the stock is fresh since the turnaround is so high.
Went right after visiting the Grand Canyon. I was sun burnt and sweaty, i needed some comfort food. mmm... Ramen. I gave this place two stars because I had better, way better ramen in New York. Also the service was not all that. We stood at the entrance for a while then realize there was a book to put your name down. You would think the waitress that kept passing by would clue us in, Sheesh, i been to shittier ramen places service was never this bad. That made my experience there so much worst. Japanese people are usually so straightforward what is with this guessing game? The ramen is nothing to brag about, the broth is the same salty mess i complain about in most ramen places. One thing thats good though i have to say was their fried rice. That was delish. Yes go to a ramen place and get the fried rice.
This place is a little hole in the wall.  It's difficult to find, but well worth the effort!  We arrived a little after 6pm lucky enough to score seats; people behind us had to wait. There are only about 22 seats in the tiny place, but they're constantly full and rotate new people/groups.  Why?  Because the food is delicious!  I grew up in Japan and the ramen here is just the same, so authentic!  Fast & friendly service!

P.S.  There's a restaurant in the same complex called "Big Wong" that serves ramen also.  I thought Monta had changed their name and we were about to go there.  But look a little bit harder.....it's small and the sign actually says "Monta."
No other place serves better ramen in Las Vegas.  This isn't debatable.  

Sometimes it may be a bit salty or whatnot, but I guarantee you, the other Japanese restaurants in the Chinatown area can never compare to their ramen.  Unless you've found a smaller, hole-in-the-wall place (doubt that's possible, considering how small this place is), then let me know.

Great ramen.  Great for the price, but it's $10 for the ramen plus a couple ingredients.  The service is ALWAYS fast.  I mean, how hard is it with less than 20 seats?  If something concerns you, the server is no more than 10 feet away- call for them when they pass by.

There are several kinds of soup base you can pick from- each explaining in good detail what they taste like.  They are never watery- very flavorful, and each side dish they give you to put into your soup is always fresh.  The ramen doesn't taste like cup noodle.

Someone earlier said that it's a typical, small Asian restaurant- get your food, eat, get the bill, get out.

Ok, that's true.  So what, you're going to knock them down a star for them not having a heart to heart connection with you and not letting you tell them your whole life story?  Please.  

Good food, some waiting, good service, cozy interior.. nothing to complain about.
We had the tonkotsu ramen with kaedama and a sm pork belly bowl for 15.

- noodles too mushy. not much meat or broth. broth needs to be a bit spicier. extra for green onions? too much hype for something not comparable to shin-sen-gumi. 
- pork belly had more fat than meat. but in defense, pork belly is pretty much fat.... 
- friendly service. but no yelling japanese phrases when coming in?! i thought this is a ramen house!? lol
- overall pleasant, but eh.
This is probably the place for the most flavorful ramen you will find in Vegas. I chose the shoyu tonkatsu ramen here and it definitely beats out other places for ramen in Vegas that I've tried so far.

There are some drawbacks though. The portions are small and there is a lack of meat and ingredients in general. Luckily, there is at least the option to get extra noodles when all you have left is soup to help fill you up for an extra buck fifty. Definitely get the extra noodles if you aren't full.
I would suppose they are good at what they do, but I find it to be bland. I did not care for it at all, I also did not like the flavor of the noodles. The tea was good though.
The gyoza and fried rice at this place is killer. The miso ramen a little salty for my liking and the noodles a little too soft. Besides that excellent ramen.  The service sometimes isnt that great, but its understandable because they are usually pretty busy
Ode to Monta's Pork Belly Bowl

cue violin

Hey, I just ate you, and this is crazy... but here's my hunger , so feed me maybe?   All of the ramen bowls, try to tempt me, but here's my chopsticks, so feed me maybe?  

Yeah this will probably be out of date by the time I hit submit review, but I'll deal with it.   I've been to Monta several times since it opened, and the first 8 or 9 times I stuck with getting various ramen.  Of those my favorite quickly became the Tonkotsu as I really enjoyed the creaminess of it.  I did like the other two as well, but always found myself going back to Tonkotsu.  As a quick aside, I actually found the Tonkotsu-Shoyu to be my least favorite.  The pork was always tender and tasty, and I would almost always get an egg added and I tried most of the other additions as well.   I personally didn't find many of them to be worth the extra cost to add, though I did like the Mustard Leaf on occasion.  

For an appetizer I had the Gyoza a few times and found them to be very good examples, but not extraordinary at the same time.   Then one day I decided to split a pork belly bowl with a friend as an appetizer.  Game change.   It's seriously all I think about when I think of Monta now.  As much as I enjoyed the Ramen whenever I'd had it, it took a backseat to this dish in my heart and stomach.  Currently saving up for an engagement ring.  Pork Belly Bowl will make a lovely bride.

Service is always friendly if a little rushed, and I always thought the overall price was decent.

Still need to try Anime and Sora so no comparison on Ramens unfortunately, but unless they have Pork Belly Bowl on their menu, it might not matter.
The tonkotsu-shoryu ramen with green onion, corn & chashu works wonders.

The soup was just a tad bit salty for my liking, but the meal & service made up for the tiny flaw.  

Good food & service for around $10 is definitely a Winner-Winner, Monta Ramen Dinner!
Can you believe it? This was my first Tonkotsu ramen EVER. I cannot believe I missed out on this delicious food all these years. Since I don't have anything to compare it with, I cannot really write a review about the authenticity of this dish. All I can say is that the broth was very flavorful and delicious and I definitely have to expand my ramen experience now that I know how much I like it. 

I loved how this place was smaller, with a small menu, but very clean and comfortable - exactly my kind of place! Also, the servers were very friendly and helped us with the menu.

I'm very glad I had a great first ramen experience. This makes me want to go back and see how I feel about it the second time. I'm excited, already!
YUM!!!

I go here about once a week mainly Saturdays around 1pm.  The tonkotsu-shoyu is my favorite broth, the noodles (always cooked exactly one minute by Yoshi) are perfect.  Add to it nitamago and corn for a very Hokkidoesc ramen. 

The service is great and prompt.  

Order the gyoza and fried rice and you can feed two people for under $25.
Been eating here regularly since they first opened. By far, the best ramen in Vegas. Maybe best shoyu ramen on the west coast (believe me, I've eaten a lot of ramen up and down the west coast).  

Love the atmosphere... Very traditional ramenya... Small cozy seating area, bar counter searing, usual garnishes.  It's how it's suppose to be.

And yes, the waitresses really are and speak Japanese (unlike most "Japanese" places in Vegas).  4.5-stars but I guess I have to round up.
Amazing ramen.  The broth was just an umame explosion.  Buttery, porky, hints of sesame oil.  The egg was perfect.  The pork was perfect.  The ramen itself was only ok but the broth is what the dish is all about.
i had the tonkatsu ramen. it was good. the place was small, and the broth was too salty for my taste. but everything else (in the bowl) was yummy!
Love the Ramen and Pork Belly at Monta. Great little place but don't be surprised if you have to wait to get a table. Yes its that good.
This could be the "best" ramen in Vegas but it certainly is not the "best" ramen I've ever had. 

The bowls are small, cheap, and filling. 
Tonkotsu Ramen came with two slices of chashu pork. The broth was light and subtle. It wasn't as thick and flavorful as I wanted. The chashu pieces were thin and flimsy. They weren't intact and was cut up. 
Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen was OK, too. Between the two, I prefer the tonkotsu broth. 
Big or small, I always finish my entire bowl because I hate to waste the delicious broth but it just wasn't good for me to finish it here. 

Lots of parking in the lot. There will most likely be a wait because it's a small restaurant. Hella cheap.
So what happens when it's 105 degrees outside and you're hungry? You get a hot bowl of ramen, of course! I spent 3 days in Vegas eating all kinds of overpriced food, but none of it was as good as the fairly priced bowl of ramen at Monta Ramen. I really enjoyed everything about it! The noodles, the broth, the chashu... all good! I would have liked if they had a bit more air conditioning and a bit more space, but that won't stop me from coming back the next time I am in town!
I've been here about a handful of times and I normally space out my visits with a few months in between because I always feel like that's all my heart and arteries can handle.

I normally get the Tonkostu Ramen, and for me, it's a pretty good sized portion. It's more than enough to fill me up, and I've never been able to finish the whole bowl. The noodles compliment the soup well, and the soup itself is very good. Now here's why I can only eat this stuff once every four months. The soup is practically like drinking pork fat and salt. It's creamy and somewhat on the thick side (for me) and there's a point where I have to stop myself because I can feel my heart slowing!

It's a small place so you might end up waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table but I think it's worth it. You walk in, eat, and walk out. Exactly how it should be. They have a small menu so you don't have to worry about getting lost in all the options. But since the place is so small you might end up rubbing elbows with the person next to you (not really my thing). 

If you're looking for something new or just looking for an excuse to have one last fat-filled meal before an all fruit and veggie juice diet (because that's how I feel walking, or rather waddling out lol), then you should definitely plop on over to this place!
Great Ramen and perfect food to warm you up ! Tonkatsu and shoyu are tasty !
Heard good stuff about this place and decided to check it out last week.  Got there about 15 minutes before they opened.  Parking lot was empty.  Just before opening, cars started arriving and in no time there was a line.  It is a tiny place and if you don't get in on the first seating, you will have to wait.  Sign in on the list.  

E and I had the Tonkotsu Ramen with char siu, bean sprouts and E had green onions, too.  This is not a healthy meal, considering the fatty goodness of the char siu and the salty broth.  But, hey, we were on vacay where calories don't count.  And it was oh so yummy.  Wait staff very friendly and efficient.  We were in and out of there in 25 minutes with fully satisfied bellys.

Perhaps the second best ramen I've had, the first being Taiyo in Honolulu.
I miss living in Japan, and Monta takes me back. They have their own unique broths they have created for their ramen dishes, and each one of them is absolutely amazing. The side dishes like gyoza (pot stickers), special fried rice, and kimuhi (Japanese kimchi) are all amazing on their own as well. You can also get delicious Japanese imported draft beer at a great price. I am absolutely addicted to this place. Fun atmosphere, amazing food, and delicious beer. If you've been eating Cup Noodle your whole life... please... please go discover what real ramen was meant to taste like. Monta is where it's at.
My favorite Ramen Noodle place....well my 2nd one I ever been too and it is worth the wait. It's so dam small so be prepared to wait 30 min or more. Even out in the dessert heat. The soup broth is perfect...no to fatty and the ramen noodle is cooked perfect. Add Kim Chi and bam! cure for hangover or whatever.....
One of my favorite places to eat! I'd never turn down and invite to eat here. Their spicy powder really does it for me cause I'm a fan of spicy! The only downside is there's not many places to sit so you have to wait awhile to be seated sometimes. Also wish they would get rid of the $10 minimum card charge. Sometimes I just don't have cash and don't want to have to order extra stuff just to meet it. Other than that I will forever be coming here!
Probably the best Ramen in Vegas, i got the tonkotsu Ramen and it was great, can't wait to try the rest of them. But the fried rice was the worst i ever had, then again why come to a Japanese Ramen house and order fried rice right. I will be back to try the rest of the ramen and the pork belly bowl.
Delicious!! Never been here before today and the service was fast and great! The soup was so tasty and to my surprise I came out feeling full and satisfied after having a bowl of soup. 

Definitely recommend to all my friends!
Great little and I do mean tiny restaurant. We had shoyu ramen bowls and it was delicious.  In and out in 30 min, but don't be surprised if you have to wait for a seat.  Place sits about 30. We will be back!
Good.  Cheap.   Super small.  Reminds you of a side street big city diner.  Great character.  Limited menu but you go for one thing----great ramen.
You can tell food is good when people are willing to stand in line (which is often out the door) to wait through our blistering summers and biting winters.  Luckily, service and cook time are quick, so I have never had to wait more than fifteen minutes or so for a table or spot even when it's crowded.  

Monta is a small, hole in the wall ramen place.  There are three kinds of seating: booth, table and bar stools.  If you're eating solo or you have a small party, you'll probably get seated more quickly because the individual bar stools will open up.  Additionally, so they can keep the flow going and keep wait times down, you'll have to sign in on a sheet, and they won't seat you until your entire party is present.  From the bar, you can see the crew in the kitchen cooking the meals.

On to the food.  I normally order the Tonkot-Shoyu (mixed broth of the Tonkotsu and Shoyu) with corn and nori (dried seaweed), and add in some chili oil and spices from the table set.  The soup itself comes with chashu pork, bamboo shoots, kikarage (black mushrooms) and green onion.  I've tried ramen at two other locations (one in the Galleria mall in Henderson, and the other was Anime Ramen) and this is definitely my favorite spot to go.  The noodles have just the right amount of chewiness, the broth is flavorful but not overpowering, and the chashu is tender, melt in your mouth goodness.  

I have also tried the pork belly bowl and gyoza, and both are pretty good.  I wish they had a different sauce for the gyoza, but soy sauce mixed with vinegar and a little chili oil works just fine.  I've only discovered this place in the last year, but I can honestly say it's become one of my go-to restaurants and it's definitely a comfort food.  Prices are more expensive than your fifty cent package of Top Ramen, but it's still cheap for a restaurant at under ten dollars an entree.  

My only bone to pick is that their green tea is only chilled and it comes in a can, though as far as canned green tea goes, it's not bad.
I can't believe I've waited this long....simple, hearty, delicious.  This place is a winner.
Nom Nom. I heart ramen. I was a little nervous about a salt OD after reading the other reviews so I decided to go with the shoyu broth (chicken broth). It wasn't quite as rich or flavorful as pork broth, but I was pleased to note that salt was kept to a minimum without compromising flavor (I also begged them to lighten up on the salt). I love ramen as a meal. Its cheap, fast,  and totally filling, not to mention tasty. 

We split a gyoza app, which was super greasy. Would probably skip that one. My husband felt like the 105 heat was too much for warm soup, so he opted for cold ramen noodles in a sesame dressing, which I also thought was absolutely delic. The menu is pretty limited so be prepared to eat ramen. So excited to find a good ramen place in Vegas. Skip the overpriced strip eateries and head to Chinatown for yummy, reasonably priced food.
I LOVE ramen and my son is a ramen snob!!
Tonkotsu (pork bone) ramen & kim Chee fried rice. Add egg please. Yum!
very small place..... mini......
but very worth the wait!!
I'll be honest - this was my first time ever having REAL ramen.  And, now my standards are very high.  The Tonkatsu broth was nothing less than a creamy cloud of comfort!!  The place reminds me of the tiny restaurants in Japan too.  Even with a line outside and the heat, I would happily wait for another bowl.
Google maps will lead you past this tiny restaurant if you're heading West on Spring Mountain Road. The icon will show that you need to pass Hauck street. Don't make that mistake, Monta Ramen is actually in the plaza before that street. Google map takes you to this empty plaza with nothing but a sleazy looking massage parlor. Hmmm....? 

This small hole in the wall restaurant interior reminds me of Daikokuya Jtown LA but even smaller! They had an L shaped bar which probably sits 10-12 people max. There were about 5-6 regular tables, some made for two people & some made for four. What happens in a place like this? A number of overflowing people waiting out the door. I recommend you coming early or during non-peaked hours. We got lucky because there was only one party ahead of us when we got in but that quickly changed. By the time we got out, there were at least 10 parties on that waiting list.

First thing I noticed was the array of condiments in front of us. Shredded pink ginger, purified garlic, white pepper, Japanese chili powder, SPICY a$$ hot chili oil, vinegar, soy sauce just to name a few. Love restaurants that aren't all hipster tight up the butt about their condiments.

Had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, a mixed blend of pork bone and soy sauce type soup based. The first one I've ever had actually since I'm typically accustomed to just Tonkotsu base. It was a little less rich and thick then the Tonkotsu base but still had that cloudy and strong taste. I added an egg and kimchi for a little more. For you carb lovers, you can add extra noodles for a minimal fee. I was quite satisfied with my ramen. My expectations were met even though they weren't that high since we were in Vegas and we know LA is crawling with bomb ramen houses. The chashu pork was quite fatty and the slices were on a smaller scale. The bowl of ramen itself was enough to make you full but not overly stuffed.

Also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl - cod fish row, seaweed, green onion, over rice. Nothing significant to report. The fried gyozas (pork and vegetable filling) were decent.

The ramen is nothing to die for but it really wasn't too bad. If you have a mad craving for ramen or just want to get something other than pho on Spring Mountain Road aka Chinatown, then Monta Ramen is there for you. Just be ready for a wait time. The ramen met my simple standards and the price was very affordable. The hard working staff are efficient and all "peace sign" fobby smiles.
Best hang over food. I would always come here when i'm about to leave Vegas. This place is small, but i'm not complaining. I remember I came here 15 minutes before it open and when they opened their door I saw people sprinting out of their cars trying to get a seat. When you see people do that, you know it's legit. They have multiple soup base and different add-ons. So it's line a customizable ramen shop. Build-a-ramen. The noodles are cooked well, they aren't bloated, the base is very flavorful, and the meat literally melts in your mouth. Service here is beyond excellent. This place is my absolute favorite ramen joint ... Ever...
Next to my favorite Japanese restaurant (Raku) lies Monta, the best Japanese ramen house I've been to so far.

It's a small and busy restaurant, and I recommend that you time yourself wisely...otherwise, you'll be stuck waiting outside under the Las Vegas sun. 

The wait was over and my cousins and I were finally able to sit in the well air conditioned room. Let the ramen begin.

I ordered their special- cold noodle with the mushroom, tomatoes, pork. The words 'cold' and 'noodle' shouldn't be in the same sentence, I know...but this is different. It was a refreshing blend of meats and veggies for the hot weather.
My cousins ordered the pork belly bowl, which is served with rice. To attempt..to even try to get close on its description..it's like Yoshinoya but 100 times better!
The other cousin got the miso based soup with an additional corn. It's so creamy and filled with flavor. 

I rarely head to the strip for food, instead take on adventures to find the best Asian places here in the desert. 

4 stars for their awesome food. But if I could, I'll give them a 3 for the seating capacity. I just don't like waiting.
Man, how come I couldn't make my Top Ramen this good?

1 star = for their broth.  It's creamy, extremely flavorful, and salty; just the way I like it!

2 stars = for their melt in your mouth pork.  The portion is actually really filling!

3 stars = for the corn add in. Like why does it taste so good? Maybe they bathed it in butter prior to adding it in your Ramen. lol.

4 stars = the egg add in.  These eggs are bomb dot com!  Great addition to any ramen on their menu!

5 stars = portions are huge!

I also tried their regular fried rice and wasn't too impressed.  But their Ramen is yum!
Best ramen house in Vegas...takes me away from Pho!!
Wow Wow Wow. 

I have tried a few authentic places for Ramen before, but this place takes the cake :)

I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (which is pork for us Gaijins) and it was very tasty! The best part is that the broth wasn't overly salty, as most places that I have tried. The broth was delicious and the meat itself was very tender! I would definitely go here weekly if I lived close by. Prices are good too. 

The space is a bit small and we did have a little wait before we were seated. This place gets busy! Don't worry though, because it's worth it!

I also heard that the Shoyo Ramen is very good as well!

I rarely give 5's. And the funny thing is that I had to get dragged to go here. Go figure. Apparently, this place has won a lot of awards in several big local magazines (how we found out about it, lol)  :)
I was boasting to my CSN students about a must try Raku, they said try Monta next door... and I say thank you very kindly! Prior to ordering while looking at the other tables fragrant dishes/bowls of fare, I'm thinking no way, to much food for me. BUT the deliciously flavored giant bowl Ramen & large dish of pork fried rice seemed to evaporate in to thin air. Lucky for me the portions weren't twice as big, or my next review would be on a Jenny Craig location or two.
I've looked far and wide for a good Ramen shop that would satisfy my appetite for real Japanese style Ramen.  Oh how I've shed many tears over the prepackaged Ramen that I was forced to eat, because I just couldn't get the real deal.  Well my days of sadness are over since Monta Ramen has come into my life.  Now the world is good again....  
I usually go for the the tonkotsu Ramen, but have been known to dip my chopsticks into the tonkotsu-shoyu broth as well.  Both flavors are deep and rich, and each has a creamy texture that can only come from long, slow simmering.  The main difference between these two types of broths comes in the form of a lil more salty punch that the tonkotsu-shoyu has.  
The noodles are firm (but not too firm) and thin and have a great mellow flavor that balances out the saltiness of the broths.  On their menu it states that you can get an extra helping of these noodles for a very small fee.  I've tried to finish an extra helping of the noodles twice, and have failed both times.  It is a really huge a portion of food, and in my version of man vs. food, food most defiantly won.  Along with the noodles you get a selection of side items you can add to your Ramen.   I would recommend adding the egg and corn they taste great in the Ramen, and turn it into a really substantial meal.   
The last thing I'm going to say about this great Las Vegas Ramen shop is that the staff is, and has always been friendly and attentive (I never go more two minutes without having my water glass filled).
This is one of My Favorite Restaurants.  It is always a good place to have lunch.  There Fried Rice is Probably the best I have ever had.  All of the Ramen is Flavorful and has a ton of stuff to add to them.  Pink pickled ginger is amazing and makes all the food taste better.  One Bad thing its small so don't mind waiting
Delicious ramen!! The noodles are the perfect texture and the broth is rich and creamy!
Every time I hear MONTA, my mouth starts watering, my heart starts beating faster and I suddenly need to get that delicious miso broth in my mouth, a nitamago and some chasu pork. OH YEAH. Monta is simply delicious. Sadly it is very small and sometimes the wait time can be a little long and frustrating , specially when you are super hungry and that big o window lets u see people eating their awesome noodles

Now, let me say , that Ive tried ramen in various places and I keep coming back to monta. Their freshly made Gyoza and their pork belly bowl are amazing as well.

A must try if you are in vegas
Well, this place is small but boy are there alot of people waiting to eat. This is my first time here and I thought their soups were good but too thick and rich for my taste, mainly its due to the butter they put in the broth. For me, I would definitely go back for the fried rice, wow!!! Was that one of the best fried rice I ever tasted. I definitely recommend it!!!
Authentic ramen. Soup is good too. Meat and toppings are so so. My favorite dish at Monta is actually their Takana Fried Rice!! It's pretty unique. A bit spicy but not too spicy. I'd not drive out of the strip to come here unless I'm really craving for ramen... they usually have a wait.
Tokatsu Ramen - It was ok for me, but my friend found the noodles inedible and way too soft. The soup was good but nothing special.
Pork Belly Rice - So so. It was edible but again nothing special.
I don't understand the high ratings for this place.. Yelp has let me down!
We love us some good ramen and Monta Ramen was that!  A couple of weeks ago we spent the weekend out in Vegas and this was our top destination :)

We ordered the tradition tonkotsu ramen ($6.95) as well as the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen ($6.95).  Both were good but the tradition tonkotsu was what really caught our attention. The broth was really good. Smooth, creamy and a tad salty.  

The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted great.

The meat was also above average. Tender with a good amount of fat.  

We also added an egg to our bowls and we were so glad we did. It was cooked correctly with the right amount of creaminess to it.

It's the best ramen we've had since our trip back from japan.

In addition to the ramen bowls, we ordered a mini pork belly bowl which was good enough to steal our attention from the ramen. The pork belly was thinly cut, which makes it a lot easier to eat with the rice. It's a great side to order if you visit.

As for the staff they were friendly, maybe a little bit overwhelmed. The cook didn't look happy at all for some reason but he was still churning out some great food so we can't complain!

Overall we would recommend trying this place out. Even in 110 degree weather, it's was oishii! (delicious in japanese)
Small place and long wait.  salty ramen, we tried each of the three broths. Nothing spectacular but my first ramen place in Vegas. Have had much better in Bay Area, LA & Chicago.
Was great the first time I went, but this last time was not ass good.  The tonkotsu ramen broth was so thick that it felt like I was eating a bowl of ramen with gravy...
When I was visiting my brother and his GF in Vegas, they took me here for dinner one night. I was surprised to see that this cozy ramen shop was next to another favorite Japanese place - Raku. What most people don't know is that you can find some of the best (and cheaper) eats off the strip when you're visiting Sin City.

There was a bit of a wait (15-20 mins) seeing that the place is pretty tiny but it was worth it.

I loved the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Fried Rice that I ordered and shared with my 1.5 year old. The pork broth was delicious and rich as one would hope for in a mom and pop style kind of place. The meat was tender enough to give to my son who loves pork. The Fried Rice wasn't overwhelmed with 100 ingredients like some places but it was so flavorful. I tried to hold back and not pig out but it's really hard when the food is so good!

I will definitely be stopping by Monta Ramen again on my next trip to Vegas!
Everyone around me loves Monta but believe it or not the first time I tried it was just a few months ago. It was quite a bit of an acquired taste to me. When I first tried it I got a tonkatsu ramen and I hated it! It was too rich and too porky for me and I found myself wanting pho instead HAHA but oddly enough I started craving it a couple weeks after! 

Now I get the tonkatsu-shoyu with all the fixings except the greens with a side of kimchi! I always find myself thinking the noodle to soup ratio is off, I need more soup!!!! I always make sure to get the thinner noodles because they taste better! Sometimes the broth is way too salty and sometimes I leave feeling like I just drank a bunch of pork fat but I keep going back, it's strangely addicting LOL 

The gyoza and kimchi fried rice are good but nothing too special~ 

The negative is that It's a really small restaurant and their AC is not the best. There's most likely always a wait. So in order to keep the flow going please be courteous and eat your ramen and leave! This is not a place to lolly-gag after you're done eating, quickly give up your table to the next hungry group or suffer the consequence of angry looks!!!!! LOL 

Hot Tip: If you don't want to wait go at really odd times like 3:00-5:00; there's usually never a wait~
Now, when you try try their noodles and broth, you won't mind waiting for a table. The first time I visited this place, I was aggravated by the wait and lack of tables, BUT after eating their miso with noodles, I understood why it was worth the wait. I have to stay away from that neighborhood because immediately I crave their noodles when I'm in the area. Addictive food, I must say!! Love i!!
Monta is fantastic...a fantastic real Japanese Ramen house hidden in the middle of LV. Everything here is authentic, tasty, cheap, fun and fantastic. If you are looking for a small, real Japanese noodle house in LV, this is the place. enjoy!
As an avid lover of all Asian styles of food I was excited to finally try Monta Ramen since I had heard good things. At first glance it looked like this little noodle shop was going to have a very long wait. However, we did not have to wait too long even with people waiting outside. There are not many seats, but this is not really the place to linger for long. Most people seem to leave fairly quickly once they are done. My friend and I sat at the counter and had fun watching the bustling kitchen while we waited for our ramen. The seating may feel cramped for some people, but I really liked the busy, controlled chaos feel of it. 

On to the good stuff. I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the regular house fixings and my friend had the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles. I was instantly impressed with my choice as soon as I tried it. The broth was slightly creamy and full of flavor, the thin noodles cooked to the perfect point so they were not mushy at all. I found the soup very flavorful, but I had to add a liberal amount of chili oil since I like my ramen spicy. The Shoyu ramen was also very tasty, the clear beef broth had just as deep a flavor as my selection. We both had a can of green tea to drink, which was a refreshing counter to my spicy soup. My only gripe was the fact that I was not completely full when I left, which is mostly my own fault. They offer the option of extra noodles, which I will surely do next time. The gyoza and fried rice are also on the list to try in the future. 

Another great aspect is the price. The total bill for two bowls of ramen and two drinks was $18 and change. A great deal for any sit down place. Bottom line is that this place is a great option for a fun, cheap meal. I will definitely be going back.
I've been searching for a good bowl of ramen in this town and I finally found it! Thanks to my friend's recommendation, as well as the rainy weather, we ended up at Monta Ramen last night. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles and the regular toppings. I was very impressed! The broth was flavorful and the noodles were cooked to perfection. I LOVE spicy food, so I poured on the chili oil. I also added sesame seeds as well as chili powder. It was perfect! 

My friend and I sat at the bar and got to watch a lovely lady prepare our ramen. The restaurant is small and very busy, so prepare for that. We waited a little bit for a seat, but it was well worth the wait. Once we were seated, we were enjoying our ramen within 10 minutes of ordering it. I will definitely be frequenting Monta for my ramen fix!
I'm not a big fan of ramen and this place didn't help change my opinion about it.. Monta is a tiny restaurant tucked in a strip mall that seats about 25-30 people.. They serve ramen with a choice between 4 different broths and every bowl comes with char-su, mushroom, and green onion.. There are other options that you can add to your noodles for an additional cost too.. The broth was thick and a yellow-milky color which wasn't the best for drinking and the noodles didn't have any distinction that would make them "the best" ramen.. We also tried their regular fried rice and that was probably the only thing everyone enjoyed and would come back for again.. But as for the ramen I think I'll pass!
I've been spoiled with really good ramen in the South Bay, and I was super excited to see this place get so many reviews. I had to come here twice, because the first time was so packed that I didn't have the patience to wait nor did I like waiting outside in 102 degree weather. So we came back the next day (15 min earlier) to avoid the line, and got seated right away. It's definitely average price for the bowl of noodles you get. I prefer a more favorable soup base and the noodles weren't freshly made, it's packaged noodles. 

Overall, I might come here again when it's winter, but I cannot do hot noodle soup during a summer day.
The ramen and the fried rise are amazing the only bad thing is the service was rude
I'm not a very big fan of soup especially when it's already super hot outside in Vegas but my friend insisted I try this place. Monta is really small I had a hard time trying to find it in the beginning. 

They're really quick on service that we were out there in less than 30 mins. Their ramen was really good however, I just wish it came with more meat since I'm such a carnivore. I'll definitely make sure to come here more often, most likely when the weather has cooled down though! Lol
We came here in the dead of summer last July for lunch and I'm happy to report that Monta serves up some pretty tasty ramen. A lot of the reviews warned against a queue but we were seated immediately and our food came just as quickly.  I quite enjoyed the tonkotsu ramen. The portions are on the smaller side and the broth was full of flavour but a wee bit too salty. I'll definitely be back here again!
Seriously, Im getting addicted to this place. Noodles are perfect, broth is always creamy and perfectly seasoned, sides are delicious. Service is quick and friendly. What more can I ask!!??

So far my favorite is Miso Ramen with Nitamago and Nori. Last time, I ordered the  Mini Mentaiko (with spicy cod row) and was blown away by how great everything tasted. 

One of the best meals under $10 in a city of great restaurants.
YUM!! Absolutely delicious. Very simple menu at an affordable price. The only downfall is the size, there are only 8 tables and it is about 99 degrees in there. So be prepared to sweat a little bit.
YUCK!!!  Is ramen soup supposed to tast like greasy salt water???  The restaurant itself  was fine.  We got seated right away, the beer, dumplings and service were all very good (hence my 2 stars).  But the soup was digusting!  It did look pretty though.  We wanted to try this place becasue we had seen it on TV and read about it in a Vegas food book.  We were fooled.
I am definitely a huge fan of this place! The ramen is amazing! I actually love everything on this menu! Just wish they have bigger parking lot! Or at least at a better location!
Great soup bases. It's a pleasant surprise that Vegas offers an authentic ramen place like this (in fact, this is not the only one). The basic bowl is not expensive, but it's easy to add additional options thinking they are cheap, but they add up; so be careful! The place is small, not recommend for a party large than four.
I don't have a lot of Ramen expertise but this place far exceeded my expectations, which were high before I walked through the door. An outstanding meal for right around $10.
Monta is amazing. Not only are the noodles killer but I love the idea of a tiny little restaurant that really only does a handful of items. You won't find desserts or even much for appetizers here. But what they do they do to perfection. Every couple of weeks I NEED my miso ramen fix. I plan on moving next year and I know Monta is one place I will miss.
Service here has improved.  Maybe I am used to eating Ramen in California.  Maybe it's because the water sucks here in Vegas and they don't filter the water.  

Really can't get over the fact that the broth is so dark and salty every time I eat here.  I really don't get that soulful feeling that I get when eating really great ramen.  I would rate it as decent, but needs vast improvement.  I know we are all about the money, but improve what you do before you open another location.  

BTW this is not Hakata style Ramen.  I have had ramen all over Hakata and Tenjin.  Monta's is a version of tonkontsu style that comes from Fukuoka.
The ramen scene here in the valley is mediocre at best. I guess I'm a bit spoiled by the quality ramen establishments in Hawaii like Nakamura Ramen and Orenchi in Santa Clara, Ca. For Las Vegas, I believe Monta is the best for here. I ordered the miso ramen and it was heavy and thick in consistency. The noodles were slightly over cooked. Despite this, I still believe its one of the better ramen establishments for Las Vegas
Monta Ramen: The 411 and maybe something different than the 559 other Monta reviews...

Location: 1 block West of Decatur on Spring Mountain Road. It's tucked into the back of a small shopping center off the North side of Spring Mountain. Signage is minimal which means if you're not paying attention you will miss it.  

Parking: Limited parking spaces if other businesses nearby are open. Can be tight to park if crowded. 

Monta is small. Square footage wise they've taken a small space and maximized every square foot of it. Don't be surprised if there's a wait that you have to stand outside as there's room for maybe 2-3 people inside the front door. 

Seating. They have a handful of tables and a counter with slightly uncomfortable stools you can sit on that looks into a fun to watch kitchen. If you are shy, claustrophobic, or don't like slurping noodles where anyone can watch this is not the place for you. 

Food: I walked in here skeptical. 559 Yelp reviews. Lots of heated discussions, controversy abounds about Monta. I came to try it, and I came in a bad mood to boot. I ordered Miso Ramen with extra slices of charziu. And I had an OMG moment here that left me with a smile from ear to ear and I left the bowl totally empty. I will say that Ramen Sora has better charziu, hands down. But the overall experience I had at Monta was superior in every other aspect.  

Special Notes: Monta's Miso Ramen has a bit more oil in the broth. It's not an oil that ruins the taste, it seems to enhance it somewhat. But it's also a small problem if you're sitting at the counter slurping a bowl of ramen and you get some splash back that lands on your shirt. If you've got to go back to work after eating at the counter, having some Shout wipes on hand is essential. 

Overall Impression? I loved it. From the wide range of people I ate lunch beside to the overall awesomeness of the Miso Ramen to the friendly and fast staff, count me among those who understand why Monta inspires such a range of emotion. For me, this was an experience I won't soon forget, and I can't wait to go back and have more of it.
If I could rate each thing individually, I would.

Food flavor and quality-always was and will be 5 star. It's incredible and I crave it. 

Wait time-average. 3.5 stars.

Quantity of food-5 star. You get tons of food. I usually get two meals out of one order that I take to go.

Parking-BLOWS. 1 star. Barely ever any room. You're better off parking on that side street.

Atmosphere/building- 2 stars. Cramped, tiny. They really need to expand and fast.

Service- 0 stars. I've only had to come in here once and I don't know if I'll be back based on this alone, no matter how damn good it is. 
We walk in to a cramped/stuffed area full of people waiting- a patron is nice enough to tell me I have to "sign my name on the pedestal". I said "I just want it to go" and she didn't say anything, just kind of awkwardly looked at me. I didn't sign it. All those people got seated. After waiting about 10 more min of not being acknowledged, a waitress finally asked if I was waiting for a party of people, I said no, I just want to order to go. She came back 5 min later with a menu. I told her I already know what I wanted-she was already at a table next to me saying "yes, they were first". I'm aware, hence the reason they're at a table. 

At that moment in time I was ready to explode "could someone just fvcking tell me what I'm supposed to do to order to go so I'm not standing here like an asssh*le??!?!?!"
I was furious by the time I left. I couldn't be courteous anymore. If this is how noodle houses in Las Vegas go, they are all run sloppy and poorly organized, then white-girl-me can't deal with this, count me out. I sincerely hope other noodle-based places aren't like this, because now I really have motivation to try other ones.

Perhaps to avoid confusion, I should take an asian friend with me to break the barrier a little? I heard once that it's because Monta waitresses don't understand English well-this does not excuse the poor execution of guest-ferrying and certainly doesn't welcome new people to the establishment.
Mmmm monta, i want to go to there. I always leave satisfied.  Most delicious pork ever.  Actually it's so rich that I don't usually order extras, 2 pieces is enough for me.   Some reviewers have said that it's too salty and sometimes I agree, but then I just pour more water in it to balance it out.  My go-to ramen:  Miso ramen with shredded green onion, egg, and kimchee.
If you're craving for a steaming bowl of ramen, this place is IT! 

Now I only gave them 4 stars as I wish they would expand even just a tad. Seating is so tight but I guess it also adds to highlight of when your name is finally called and you sit on their wooden chairs and get served almost immediately. The menu consists of 4 simple but very different ramen bowls and a few add ons and very minimal side dishes. But so much easier to choose from.

Love the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen. I order mine with thick noodles instead which are seeped in pork AND chicken broth. DOUBLE the flavor. I make sure to always order extra chasyu (pork) although all ramen bowls come with 2 slices.

Love the slurp of the noodles and melt in your mouth pork. Slices of mushroom are added as a garnish but even that helps enhance the flavor.  This is only my second time here but I enjoy it immensely and even more so that I got to share it with 9 of my other friends...at the same time! :)
I literally DREAM of the tonkatsu ramen with the garlic in it....We go to vegas every 2 months or so and have to come here EVERY TIME if not sometimes multiple times in the same weekend. it is just SO mindblowingly good. the noodles are homemade, the tonkatsu broth is ridiculous...I know there isnt that much more that i need to say with the other hundreds of reviews but I just dont want monta to lose anything being that its so famous and well known especially after its little Bon Appetit spread.... stay the way you are monta!!
It was actually the wrong time of year to fully enjoy Ramen.  It is always best on a cold night, not a hot dry one.  Oh well, the journey must continue.  

Ordered the tonkatsu Ramen and takana fried rice.  Tonkatsu broth was flavorful but not as rich and creamy as I've had at other place's Hawaii.  Noodles appeared similar to somen noodles.  Char siu tasted good but was cut VERY thin.  

Takana fried rice was better than than the plain fried rice.  I wish there was a more pronounced takana flavor and (remember my low salt diet) it was a bit salty.

Overall a good experience, service was quick, food was good and of sufficient quantity, and prices were reasonable.  I would recommended going here, especially on a cold day/night.
Best Ramen in Vegas IMO. The tonkatsu shoyu is mine and my wife's go to move each time. It's hard to order anything else. The porkbelly is so delicious and tender. If i'm feeling saucy i'll go with the tonkatsu shoyu with egg and extra pork. POW. The porkbelly rice bowl is delicious and a good appetizer. Their fried rice choices are also very good.
Damn, the price here is so much less compared to NYC ramen joints. Broth is amazing, a bit salty but the noodles and pork are AMAZING. Went there TWICE during a 4 day stay in Vegas, so that basically tells you how much I love this place. Come early too because the door opens at 11:30am and it was a full house already.
Very tasty Broth. I had the thin noodles, but should've gotten the thick ones. Service was a bit rushed, but still ok. Overall, very decent Ramen.
My husband liked this place, & it wasn't for me.

The restaurant was really tiny,  The service was fast & the food came out quickly, but the pork was really weird that came in the ramen. The noodles were good, & so was the fried rice. But the pork made me gag, and I normally like pork.

Not what I was expecting. Neither of us would go back.
Wow!  Excellent!  Best ramen in Vegas.  Seating is limited and you should expect to wait.  Parking is not great, but we always find a spot.  If your ramen experience is limited to the Walmart variety, then do yourself a favor and try this place.  The broth is more than an over salted packet and the noodles seem fresh made.  My favorite is the Tonkotsu Bowl.  The kimchi fried rice was okay and the pork belly bowl is amazing.
Small restaurant in Chinatown. Waited for 10 minutes at 5pm Friday for a table. 
Good portion (not too big or small) for a decent price. 
All 4 ramen options are same price $6.95 with an extra serving of ramen noodles for $1.50. 
Broth is not as flavorful, but not as salty as other ramen places in Los Angeles. I didn't have to drink glasses of water afterwards. 
Egg was ok. I've had better. 
Pork was tender and yummy.
I"m half Japanese and lived in Japan for 18 years so I know what good ramen taste like. Monta's Ramen is Good. I also enjoy their Chaahan (Fried Rice), looks greasy but it's very good, the gyoza is good too. Heard they're opening a second store off Eastern/Serene next to the Japan Creek Store and it's going to be much bigger space. Only 5 mins from home, can't wait.
Everyone needs to be aware that this place is SMALL. I think even using the word small is inaccurate, but tiny. Absolutely no waiting area, so you have to wait inside, the place is crammed, and the parking lot itself isn't that big either. I had their miso ramen, which was yummy, but salty. The pork served in it....to die for! This place would be a lot better if they simply had more space! The good thing is that they are opening a new location next year in Green Valley! Yay.
Now that I've come here enough to practically remember the whole menu, I think it's ready for a review. 

When I found this place (through Yelp of course) I thought to myself, "Could it be? A true authentic ramen place that the city I originally resided in devastatingly lacked of? My own little NYC Momofuku only a 15 minute drive away?" OH, SWEET BABY JESUS IT COULD! 

Before making the trip to your next lunch or dinner date here, you should probably consider what day you're going and at what time. This place is SMALL, like 5 tables (2 4-tops, 3 2-tops) small with a couple seats at the bar, and it gets crazy packed! The first time I came here I literally drove by and was like, "awh hailll noo," and drove away. HOWEVER I will say that if there's just a couple of people before you, just be patient and wait. The tables turn over rather quickly.

Which leads me to the menu. It's very simple and quick to prepare. If you're going with ramen, they have 4 different broth options: Shoyu (chicken), Tonkotsu (pork), Tonkotsu-shoyu (chicken & pork) and Miso. All are priced around 6.95 a bowl. Just forget the rest and go with the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. All ramens are prepared with two slices of pork, bamboo, and chopped green onion. Don't forget to add extra ingredients like an egg and mustard leaf! If you've never tried mustard leaf, it really compliments the broth and makes it extra delicious...order it on the side and try it out! Adding in the ingredients is what really gets the meal to be pricier than expected. Just 1 egg is an extra $1.75, but it's okay to indulge a little every now  and then, so just go all out with you bad ramen self! 

They have other items as well such as fried rice, small plates, and cold ramen! I still have yet to try them.. will do an update after my next visit! 

The only negative thing I'd have to say about the ramen is it can get pretty salty, of course you can mention to them less sodium, but I'm pretty sure all they're going to do is dilute it with hot water. To leave it on a positive note, aside from the saltiness the broth is PERFECTION. Extremely murky, so you know its packed with flavor and takes overnight cooking to prepare.
The restaurant is pretty small and they are almost always packed. So get there right when they open if you don't want to wait. If you like thin straight noodle, get their tonkotsu ramen. One of the best bowls of ramen you'll ever find anywhere especially in Vegas. Parking is pretty sparse so it can be a gamble finding a parking spot.
This was definitely a GREAT find!  If you like soup noodles, soups that takes hours to make, or melt in your mouth pork belly...then this is a must try. 

This place is very small with minimum seating area and a limited menu.  Their main focus is their ramen and pork belly bowl, so if you do decide to make the trip out from the Strip of Las Vegas (about a 10 min taxi ride), then you have to try their Ramen and Pork Belly Bowl.  Tip:  Anticipate a wait due to the limited seating area.  Fortunately, we were in luck...no wait!  SCORE!!!  The prices here are very reasonable for the portion and the flavor you receive.  You are definitely getting your money worth.

We ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and a small Pork Belly Bowl.

The Pork Belly Bowl was a small size, but it was plenty for us since we totally devoured ourselves with tons of fantastic food on our trip to Vegas.  The bowl was pretty when it arrived!  The bowl was decorated with pickled ginger to cut the fattiness of the pork belly and an abundant amount of scallions to give the bowl a fresh green flavor.  Below the green and the red, was a pile of juicy, tender, and fatty pork belly gleaming at you. 

Then our star...Tonkotsu Ramen.  We added extra Chashu Pork, corn, butter, and EGG (this is a definite MUST add...super soft and melt in your mouth!) to our bowl of ramen.  I have to say, this was a delight to the eye.  The portion was a good size, about the equivalent of a large bowl of Pho.  The flavor of the soup was deep and meaty, the noodles had a good bite to it and every bite had the yummy soup flavoring (we saw them cook the noodles in the slow cooked broth), the pork was drool worthy, the crisp sweet corn added an additional tastiness to the bowl, and the black fungus and bamboos added earthiness.

Overall a delicious experience...simple yet still makes us think about it all the time.  Of course not as good as the ramen you can get in Japan, but definitely pretty good for USA.  We would rate this place a 7 for flavor, price, and quality of ingredients.
I started with the gyoza which were tasty and had a nicely crispy thin skins.  Next came the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen which I enhanced with extra pork and an egg.  The pork is awesome and I could eat lots more of it.  

This place is small but has a cool vibe.  The only problem is the lack of space.  It was a bit uncomfortable to have people waiting and hovering so close.
Absolutely amazing Ramen, best I've ever had!
Delicious fried rice. Quite possibly the best fried rice I've had here in Las Vegas. As for the ramen, we tried both the pork and chicken broth and while the chicken ramen was very tasty, the pork ramen was a bit too salty for our taste. Also, I don't think I'm a big fan of ramen noodle but I will absolutely come back here for the fried rice.
Small Ramen shop with a simple menu of a handful of ramens all for about $7 a bowl. The service was fast and the food was great. Good food at a great value just minutes away from the Vegas strip.
The place is really small, only has a few tables. but the open kitchen is given a big plus.
$1.5 for extra noodles are perfect for noodle lovers. 
The only thing is the soups is a little bit salty.
Definitely yummy ramen and it comes out really fast, which is good because they only have 5 tables and maybe 10 seats at the bar, so they need to rotate people quickly. We went around 1pm on a Saturday and had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat. 

Ordered the Miso Ramen and the broth was really good, but a bit too salty for my taste, but still really good. The pork was really good, and the noodles were best towards the end of the meal because they had gotten softer after soaking in the juices. Initially they were more Al dente. 

Since this is my first visit to a ramen restaurant in las vegas, I'll probably try a different one the next time around so I have something to compare it to.
This is my favorite Ramen in town.

I prefer the "Tonkotsu-Shoyu" mix over the other two separate and the miso.  So much flavor...I have no idea how they do it.

I usually add in the egg and a little extra pork to go crazy, and this would be plenty for the avg joe to fill up on.

Otherwise, I order the Kim Chi fried rice...amazing!  This is one of my favorite fried rice dishes of all time.  Very very good.  If I order this, I tend not to get the extras inside the ramen otherwise I will burst at the seams.

Service is fast...this is a quick bite and go kind of place, so don't expect to stay and converse for an hour after dinner.  They don't rush you, but there are typically others waiting to eat, and the place is tiny, you will feel guilty staying much later than the meal lol.

Do it!
I didn't realize how hard it would be to find a really good Ramen restaurant after moving out of Hawaii.  However, Monta comes close to filling the void.  Monta is a small Japanese noodle house in a strip mall in china town.  If you don't like waiting to sit down, get there early as the line usually begins to form before the restaurant opens at 11:30AM.  There are a few scattered tables, but I prefer to sit at the bar and watch the cooks prepare the dishes in the open kitchen.

Monta makes Tonkotsu ($6.95), Shoyu ($6.95) and Miso ($7.25) Ramen broths.  While all three of the broths are very good, the milky white colored Tonkotsu (stewed pork bone broth) has an especially savory meaty flavor.  My favorite is the combination Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen ($6.95) which tempers the intense meaty taste of the Tonkotsu with the salty Shoyu broth.  The thin yellow Ramen noodles have always been consistently cooked to the just right texture, neither too limp nor too firm and underdone.  The ramen comes with basic toppings (green onions, bamboo shoots, Kikurage mushrooms and two thin slices of marinated Chashu pork) however, like all good Ramen joints, they have a whole list of additional toppings you can add (for a little extra cash) to make the dish your own.  The combination of flavors and textures soaking in the hot broth goes down well on a cold day.

We also usually order the pan fried pork gyozas ($5.15 for 6) and a small Kimchi fried rice ($6.95).  The gyozas are excellent and the moist rice has a good flavor.  Each table has an array of sauces and condiments that you can add to your meal (rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili oil, sesame seeds, and chili pepper) as well as little jars of crushed garlic and red pickled ginger.  They also serve beer to wash it all down with.

The service is fast and the food comes out quickly.  So even if you do get stuck waiting in line, it usually moves fast.  And if you are in the mood for good Ramen, it is worth the wait.
My friends and I found this place in one of the Las Vegas magazines. We opted to try it out. I have been addicted ever since. I have not wanted to write this review because this place is like y secret treasure and very small. There is almost always await. The food comes out very fast it has a limited menu of Ramen noodles.  It is awesome. The fried rice is out of the park good.  The bowls of noodles are quite big and you pay like $7 bucks. You can't go wrong with that.  The wait staff is nice and fast.  I can eat here everyday since Ramen noodles are one of my favorite.  It is a bit out of the way for me plus its small and often packed. Definitely worth going and checking it out and even if you have never had Ramen (the pack for .25 cents in the grocery store does not count) for less then ten bucks its worth it try.
Great ramen place!  Been here twice and have been thoroughly satisfied each time.  With how small this place is, I'm not surprised at the wait...even at 10pm at night.  

The service, though brisk, is also very helpful and friendly.  No one has time to stand around to chat and explain things to you but they try very hard to seat everyone as quickly as possible and they manage to bring you your food quickly and correctly.

Hubby and I are purists...we stay with the tonkotsu broth.  The broth was rich and sticky...didn't taste like it was brewed only from pork bones but also from pork feet/hock.  Very tasty and comforting.  On our second visit, I got extra char siu.  When the fat from the char siu melted into my broth, it got even thicker and richer.  Hey, you say greasy, I say yummy!!

Other standouts - takana fried rice and pork belly bowl...all very good!!  Definitely going to be a staple for us when we're in LV.
This place is not too hard to find and there are plenty of parking spaces with other restaurants around. If you're feeling ramen, this is (so far), the best place. Growing up in Japan, ramen has been the comfort food for me whenever I'm out and about with family, friends, or by myself. I only knew of 2 other locations here in Vegas when I used to live here and since I left and came back, this popped out of nowhere and it blew me away. Their ramen is perfect. From the texture of the noodles, the amount they serve and the flavor of the broth, it's just perfect. It's also the first time I've been to a ramen shop where you can choose exactly what type of toppings you want. I chose eggs, nori, and pork. The pork and the egg definitely is the perfect toppings I've ever tasted on ramen. The amount of fat and the flavor of the pork was magnificent. The egg was just perfect where the yolk had a creamy texture in the center and the whites had a slight salty flavor to it that just blew me away and mixed very well with the broth (I had the Tonkatsu broth). As for the restaurant itself, It's clean inside. It has a mom and pop feel so it didn't feel fully sterile like an apple store would which I don't mind. It felt very home-e. I felt like I was really in Japan, minus the radio blasting in the background. I think I heard One Direction and some other pop music play. It shouldn't bother you though if you love/hate it because trust me, the ramen will be so good you're not gonna care. Customer service was really fast. I walked in and was greeted and seated right away. I ordered and I'd say 3 or 4 minutes later, I get my bowl. Once I finished my water, (BAM!) refilled. Portions I'd say is just right. They give you enough where you don't end up wasting anything, but I'm just so used to getting gigantic bowls of ramen that I was actually bummed how perfectly proportioned it was! Is that weird? Over all, I give this place a 5 out of 5, I can't wait to eat here again (for ramen that is). I haven't tried the others stuff they offer on the menu, but if ramen is what you're looking for, then look no farther. This. Is. THE. Place. 

Location: 4/5
Cleanliness: 4/5
Customer Service: 5/5
Time: 5/5
Portions: 4/5
Taste: 5/5
27/30 =90%
Another great find through YELP!  Arrived at Monta around 9:30 and were lucky enough to get seated!  Every spot was taken.  I counted 23 seats in the house.  Mom and I had the Shoyu Ramen. The flavor was delicious! Dad had the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen.  The noodles were thinner, and the broth was a little thicker. My husband had the Tonkotsu Ramen with corn and a side order of kimchi.  He ate every bit and said we would be back again.  Great place for ramen!
I love ramen and was looking for a place to try in Las Vegas. After catching a late show and not having had dinner prior to the show, I wanted something that would not be too heavy or filling. I searched on Yelp and tried Monta based on the positive Yelp reviews. The tonkatsu broth was very robust and flavorful, yet not too heavy. It was served with thin noodles and some greens, and I added corn which provided something sweet to compliment the saltiness of the broth. A definite member of my repeat list when back in Las Vegas.
This tiny little ramen place was everything it was cracked up to be.  My parents live locally and they'd heard from several sources about how great this place was, so when we were visiting, we took them out to Monta.

We managed to get there at the perfect time because only 1 table was occupied, so getting my dad in was quick and easy (he is in a wheelchair).  They don't have hot drinks, so enjoy some UCC Oolong or Green Tea or a can of Calpico (I wish they had UCC Iced Coffee!!)  We placed our order and watched as the crowd built up very quickly.  Food arrived fast and piping hot.

The gyoza was fine - crunchy on one side, steamed on the other, hot all the way through.  My mom and hubs got the pork belly bowls and my dad and I got the miso ramen (I got mine with corn)

The charsiu/chashu/chasyu (how ever you want to spell it) WAS SO AMAZING - I do not use this phrase lightly.  It was LITERALLY melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  The pork fat was flavorful and rich and just melted away when it hit your tongue.  So amazing!  I am sad that I didn't stop and order a side of it immediately.

The ramen noodles had a great chewy texture and the miso broth was delicious.  My mom was very pleased with the pork belly bowl, as well.

The only thing that didn't live up to everything else was the mentaiko bowl.  I got it because I love hot rice and tarako (and my mom had made some for me the night before and I was still jonesing for it).  Unfortunately, the rice was not very hot and a little on the dry side, so the bowl was disappointing.  I ladeled some of the miso broth into the bowl and that made the rice more palatable, but it messed with the flavor of the mentaiko.

All in all, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can go to Monta again! 

**ACCESSIBILITY NOTE - The parking lot is not very wheelchair friendly and Monta itself can be a little tight to try to get a wheelchair in and out.  The only wheelchair ramp up from the parking lot is blocked by the car when you park in the handicapped space, so once you get the person into their chair, you have to move the car to get them up to the sidewalk level where the restaurants are.
I've been to this place for a while. No matter when I go (11 am, 2 pm, 4 pm or 9 pm), it's always crowded. Therefore, it's not a good restaurant for a big group celebration (because of the size of restaurant), but if you are looking for an authentic and delicious Ramen, cold noodle or pork belly bowl, this is the place you shouldn't miss when you visit Vegas.

My favorite is Miso Ramen and pork belly bowl. Some of my friends claimed the miso Ramen was slightly salty, but I disagree with them. The fat of pork belly bowl created this awesome aroma and chewy texture from this simple dish. No matter what I ordered that day, I can't help but always order an extra small pork belly bowl every time I visited.
I have only been here once but overall I have to say it's okay. It's not bad, but it's not great either.

It is terribly cramped and when I went there I had to sit at the bar with my party so it was difficult talking to them when you're facing the kitchen rather than their faces.

The food was good. Tasty and simple. Great price too. It's a nice eat, but when I think of getting Ramen for dinner, Monta isn't the first restaurant that comes to mind.
If you like Ramen, this is the place.  There's a few other ramen joints throughout the valley, but this has got to be one of my favorite spots.  Shoyu ramen for $6.95 with ability to customize it with a handful of toppings is a good deal to me =)

Pros:
 *  All kinds of toppings to build your own ramen
 *  Friendly service
 *  Awesome Ramen... I can't explain this ,but the broth is a bowl of salty goodness.

Cons:
 *  A bit on the crowded side.  It's a small place packed with tables and seating.
 *  It's a hit or miss with the wait for this place... it's always busy so be prepared.
 * Parking sucks...period!

Overall:
  One of my favs in Vegas.  I'm giving it a four stars in comparison to other Ramen places I've been (not necessarily in Vegas).  

Tips:
*  A good place to come with a group of friends.. Very casual atmosphere
*  Be eco-friendly and save yourself the hassle by trying to carpool if possible.
YES PLEASE, MORE PLEASE.

Loved this cute little place. And it's CHEAP!  under $8 for a huge bowl of wholesome goodness.  It is a really small place, so keep that in mind, people were definitely waiting outside to get in.  But the food comes out fast, in fact, our dinner came out before our appetizer, which wasn't optimal but was OK.

Service was meh in my opinion which is why it was 4 stars instead of 5.  It was FREEZING in here, they have the fans on blast, way too cold for both of us.  But once they serve you the steaming goodness in a bowl it does warm up a bit, but not that much. Tip-move the fans to the kitchen to help the workers out but it was too cold for us.

I ordered my Pork Ramen w/out mushrooms and they placed the wrong bowls in front of us, my dinner companion was about to take a bite and the waitress like snagged it out from under him to swap ours around.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing. It has to be at least 3 cups of liquid, plus noodles and some very small bits of pork.  Get yours with the hard boiled egg. It's worth the other $1.50 or whatever it is they charge you, it was delicious.

Great for a cold day too!
Despite my father's criticisms about this place (he's really picky when it comes to Japanese food), I decided to go here with my friends.
 
I've been here a good number of times and I think it's safe to say that this ramen house is good. And I mean GOOD.

I order the same thing every time: the shoyu ramen. The noodles are fantastic, the broth very flavorful, and the toppings, including the chashu, complete the bowl. Oh, and the fried rice is pretty good, too!

The place has a cozy and traditional feel to it. It's a very small establishment, but this is what you should expect from an authentic Japanese restaurant. This comes with a quick and friendly staff.

Need to go to this place more often since it's already getting really cold.
There isn't a whole lot left to be said that hasn't already been said.. This ramen joint is located in a little shopping center that is the mecca of fantastic quaint restaurants. Pretty much everything in this plaza is amazing. But Monta is The. Best. Ramen. In. Vegas.

I always get the half tonkatsu half shoyu ramen because I like a little more salt, and think the tonkatsu is just a tad too porky for me. I also get the thicker noodle because I like a little more chew. They offer various additional toppings here including green onion, butter (!), corn, nitamago, pickled mustard greens and the very very necessary extra order of chashu. Not necessary because the regular order comes with a stingy amount.. extra because you will never, ever have enough chashu.

At other ramen places I usually pick around the roasted pork, just not that into the flavor. But here, it melts away in your mouth. It's so tender it's hard to grab with your chopsticks sometimes because it'll just fall apart.

The kim chee fried rice here is solid, but nothing I'd go out of my way for. This version is just.. meh. Good but not great.

Monta is ALWAYS worth the wait.
Monta, my favorite!  I love coming to Monta when hitting up Vegas.  My friend tells me that this is where the locals go.  

Food is amazing.  AND AT CHEAP PRICES!  I usually go with the Tonkotsu Ramen.  Very tasty.  Also try to Kim Chi fried rice!  It's so good and goes great to compliment the ramen.  

The last time I visited, I tried the cold noodles.  I forget what the name was on the menu but it was so tasty.  It was packed with flavor when you eat.  It also had that refreshing taste to it.  You leave the restaurant, not sluggish, but having a refreshed feeling, which isn't normal.  Well to me at least! Great restaurant and open pretty late! 

Space is small, so try to get there early.  I heard that the wait times can be long if you go during prime times.
I'm going to go ahead an admit that although I know who David Chang and Tale Talde are, I'm not a pro at all when it comes to Asian food. Nonetheless, I visited Monta recently and must say I was impressed. I tried the shoyu ramen, although my friend recommended I try the tonkotsu. I thought it was pretty tasty though! I think it would be interesting to eat at the bar, like you were at a ramen place in Tokyo or Sapporo (David Chang's quarterly, Lucky Peach is all about different types of ramen, very interesting). 

I can't say with certainty if the noodles are made in-house though.

BUT you get a lot of bang for a buck. i will be returning to try the tonkatsu and other items from the menu.
The broth was a bit salty for my palette but I thought the ramen was all around decent.  I would definitely recommend the shredded green  onion as a topping because it really added a nice chewy texture to the ramen.  Trust, it will not disappoint!  And the chashu is cooked perfectly.  It will melt in your mouth.

It gets really crowded during lunchtime and the place is pretty small so plan accordingly.  It's priced right under $7 so the price is definitely right.

I'm Korean so I love that they offer a side of kimchee.  It's a must.  They also had a mustard green side which was WAYYYY salty..  I definitely would not order that again. 

Monta's legit.  It's run by all Japanese which also means excellent service..
OH EM GEE!!! Yes it's been that long since we have encountered a perfect bowl of traditional ramen! It left me and we'll mostly hubby speechless with tears of joy that we could finally be reunited with our native flavors. I had the tonkotsu while hubby went for his favorite blend of tonkotsu shoyu and boy was he literally beaming with joy after the first slurp!!

The tamago was great and although the cha siu could'vebeen sliced thicker for my tastes I could've easily went for the kaidama based on our visual appetite, so will certainly be back next time we're in Sin City!
Your not going to get any better unless you drive 5 hours to LA. Don't fear the line outside, it move quickly.  A must if you find yourself on Mountain Spring
Food here is pretty solid.  I've had ramen in LA (which is much better back home, and I'm not trying to sound snobby, rather it's just something I can compare to), and the food here is a decent.  

Tonkotsu Ramen $(7) and +$2 for egg- slightly above average-The broth is pretty good.  It comes w/ 2 pieces of meat (which is detailed on the menu).  The pork base is pretty thick, so if you are into thick broths this is the place to go.  

My gripe is they don't give you complimentary egg w/ the broth, so you gotta pay $2 extra (which is pretty steep if you ask me).  I mean, who eats ramen w/o egg?  It's almost required!!!  I also would've preferred my egg to be a little more runny.  Part of the egg yoke should seep into the soup (but still retain it's shape).  The egg I got was slightly hard when I got it.

Pork belly rice ($5.50 for a large, $3.50 for small) - Average.  The pork belly is extremely sweet!  I think they use too much sauce or something. The sauce almost over-powers the taste of the meat.  I'd pass on this next time.

I was able to try my friends Takana fried rice and it's delicious.  10x better than the pork belly.

Tips:
-Not good for groups.  Restaurant is small, maybe seats 20 people inside.   Parties of 4 or larger might have trouble sitting.
-Egg isn't complimentary w/ the ramen, so you gotta spend $2 extra =(
-No garlic press available
The best ever! Everything about this place is awesome! Kimchee rice++
I took a stool at the bar and ordered the Shoyu Ramen, small Pork Belly side, and a Oolong Tea. The pork came out first. The delicious pork was nestled onto a bed of white rice and was topped with green onions and some pickled carrots. For 3.95 this dish was the winner of the day. The green onion and pickled carrots perfectly counterbalanced the savoryness of the pork belly. 

This place never disappoints.
Awesome!  Go now.  Better than any expensive meal on the Vegas strip.  Deeeeelicious bowl of noodly, savory goodness!
I often crave for their tonkotsu ramen! The soup is so full of taste and creamy! No other ramen places can top that! The texture of the ramen is great too! Took a few friends there on several occasions and not once I did not hear compliments. Wish the place was bigger though.
Food:
8/10 - Authentic Chinese food.  Tasty

Cleanliness:
5/10 - Could be better

Ambiance:
3/10 - The place is super tiny and worn out.  Need's an overhaul.

Restrooms:
Didn't visit

Service:
7/10 - Friendly and friendly but rushed because there is a wait.  Because the restaurant is small's the weight can be long.
This one of my favorites spots on Spring Mountain. Its a truly satisfying meal. I like the tonkatsushoyu because its the perfect balance; rich yet flavorful. the noodles are perfect every time and add what toppings you like, seaweed, egg, green onion, kim chee, PORK BELLY!!! MMMM PORK BELLY!!!!!
During my last 3 visits here to MONTA I did not see even one Japanese person eating or waiting in the 2 hour long line. Do you know why it is that the Japanese community in LV has turned their back on MONTA? There are many reasons.....

I was confused. I was really confused. Why was I not a fan of MONTA? Every Chinese person kept telling me that MONTA was "the best". Every Korean woman kept telling me that it was "the best". Even their white husbands kept telling me that MONTA is "the best". My Mexican-American and Black foster kids kept telling me that Monta was "the best". Why is it that I didn't like it when everyone around me kept saying that it was the greatest? Am I just not Japanese enough to enjoy MONTA? My Dad is a 3rd generation Japanese-American and he did marry a Korean woman, so maybe that Korean blood in me erased my ability to determine what a good ramen is. But then I started noticing that all my friends and business partners who were born and raised in Japan kept insisting that MONTA was NOT "the best", In fact they thought it was "the worst". So I came to the conclusion that Japanese people just don't like MONTA like everyone else does. 

Personally, I think MONTA is  the California Roll of Ramen. It's a slightly Americanized variation, just like how the California Roll is an Americanized variation of traditional Maki. MONTA's ramen belongs to no true Japanese region.  It's made in America like Burgers and Fries. 

No one eats comfortably at MONTA. The place is extremely cramped, the chairs are very uncomfortable. The counter is made of that cheap plywood you find at discount furniture outlets on Maryland and Flamingo.  The bathroom is like 4 feet from the bar, and some guy always insists on taking a huge dump and leaving the door open. There is never any parking in the lot. Frequently, I just drive across the street to Shuseki(A Chinese-Japanese restaurant) where it's much more comfortable and the ramen is f*cking awesome.  MONTA is the most popular ramen-ya in Vegas, so why won't they move to a larger space? One of the wealthy Korean business owners who is a member of my Asian-American Activism agency informed me that Seoul Plaza(where Monta is located) has the cheapest rent in Chinatown.  The owner of MONTA is attempting to cut costs to maximize profits and that's why he won't leave Seoul Plaza.  Cheapness is the main reason! And Cheapness is also the reason why your bowl of ramen at MONTA is only half the size of the other 4 major Ramen-Ya's in LV. And Cheapness is why you have to pay extra for every little thing. You gotta pay extra for noodles, you gotta pay extra for the egg, you gotta pay extra for butter and corn! How cheap is that!!! If you get all the add ons, the bowl of ramen comes out to like $15.00. You can get the egg, extra charsu, extra noodles, 50% more broth, corn, butter, and garlic oil all included in the $8.00-$9.00 bowl of ramen at Fukumimi. The Deluxe Ramen at Sora also has everything included and it's only like $10.00 flat.

The f*cking hipsters! This is a major reason why the Japanese have left MONTA.  Hipsters are usually White people, but they think it's cool to hang out in latino areas or Chinatowns. I don't know why, but hipsters think it's "lame" being around other Whites. Unfortunately, they have chosen MONTA as their "COOL MINORITY HANGOUT SPOT!". As a Japanese-American, do I wanna sit with a bunch of guys with " David Lynch Eraserhead" haircuts who wear Geek-Sheek  glasses and talk about their feelings? Do I wanna sit with a 6 foot 4" man in a dress who is attempting to start a conversation with me about: Indie Rock, Indie Flicks,  Jesus(aka Obama), Apple Products, and how cool it is to wear sunglasses indoors?  My response= THAT'S IT! NO MORE!  I'M F*CKING OUT OF HERE! I'M GOING TO FUKUMIMI!

By the way... How f*cking long does it take for you guys to eat one bowl of ramen? While I'm on the waiting list for over 1 hour, I always notice how people finish their ramen after 15 minutes but just sit there and talk for another 45 minutes. This is the reason why we gotta wait so f*cking long to get a seat. 

MONTA has the worst Gyoza in LV. It tastes like the Chinese variation, and they all stick together like they are frozen(look at my pics). And they give you like 5 pieces for $5.00. That's like a dollar a piece!! Walk 2 minutes to Shuseki for a much better gyoza.

Why did my egg come from the Alley? They ran out of eggs during my last visit and then they ran into the alley and grabbed another box? Are the eggs just sitting out there in some kind of big jar?

A Japanese restaurant is supposed to have Kim-Uchi, not Kimchi. I saw with my own eyes, the cook here at MONTA going to Greenland to buy one of those giant glass jars of Korean Kimchi. At Fukumimi, Katsu-San makes his own Kim-Uchi which is slightly sweeter than Korean Kimchi. It's a true Japanese variation of a classic Korean dish.  

#$@!*$#%$ *%#!  F*CK I JUST HIT THAT 5001 WORD LIMIT
Tonkatsu Ramen was pretty good.  The broth and meat had a slightly different flavor then most ramen places that I've tried--in a positive way.  The broth was more creamy and the meat had a grilled taste to it.  My friend had the miso ramen, but I think the tonkatsu was better.

Price is usual for a ramen place.  The bowl comes standard with mushroom, 2 pieces of meat and bambo shoot.  I then added an egg and seaweed.

The place is super small and the wait is long.  But overall, I would come back if I craved ramen while I was in Vegas (only if I was craving it though).
The best ramen ive had so far
Every bowl of ramen comes with two slices of pork chashu, green onions, kikurage (black mushroom), and bamboo shoots. There are four different types of broths:

1. Shoyu- Soy sauce-based broth, pretty salty and nothing spectacular, average

2. Miso- miso-based broth, salty but not overwhelmingly so, pretty run-of-the-mill miso ramen

3. Tonkotsu- pork flavored broth, savory, and has a creamy texture. The soup's thick consistency is due to boiling pork bones, collagen, and fat for a long period of time. Some people find the thickness of the savory broth distasteful and unsettling. If you're not a fan of a thick soup, I would skip this one. Definitely one of my favorite broths to get here.

4. Tonkotsu-Shoyu- best of both worlds, the tonkotsu and shoyu work well to balance each other out. The shoyu waters down the tonkotsu so it's not as thick and the tonkotsu adds a bold, fuller flavor to the shoyu. This is definitely Monta's signature ramen and a must try.

Additional Toppings: Some of the toppings are noticeably more expensive compared to other local ramen joints that already include these toppings in their ramen.

Additional Notes: 
*If you order extra noodles (Kaedama), it comes in a separate bowl usually in the middle of the meal. It's been heated up so your noodles are still delicious even if your broth is not as hot as in the beginning. 
* There are two types of noodles to choose from: thick cup ramen style noodles (that definitely taste nothing like those horrible cup noodles) or a thinner noodle similar to Chinese egg noodles (not the noodle that usually comes with wonton noodle soup). I definitely prefer the thicker noodles; the thinner ones tend to be overcooked easily and soggy. 
*There is a $10 minimum on credit cards. Bring cash if you don't plan to spend more than that.
*They will not sit you at a table unless your whole party is present.

Overall:

So far, Monta has the best ramen in Vegas. (Still need to try Anime Ramen, and Fukumimi though.) It's just the thing that hits the spot on a cold chilly night when you need some warming up. 

Service varies depending on how busy they are. Bar seating may get uncomfortable for some but that's how traditional ramen houses are: small and cramped. Seating is very limited so anticipate a wait if you're coming during peak hours. 

The consistency of the ramen sometimes varies as well. Sometimes the chashu is over done, resulting in a dry piece of meat that doesn't have that heavenly gelatinous soft layer of fat that melts in your mouth. Also, the noodles sometimes come out too soft if they've been sitting there for a while. Once in a while, the yolk of the hard boiled egg will be completely solid, with none of that ooey gooey goodness. These hiccups happen rarely, only when they're extremely busy and it's during peak hours. Portions are decent sized for a regular person. If you're a gluttonous fatty like me, it's better to share fried rice (which is quite delicious) with a buddy.

Overall, despite the ridiculous wait sometimes and food consistency issues, Monta is definitely a must try for locals and tourists.
It's been quite a while since I wrote my first review for this place.

UPDATE TIME!

I've been back to Monta several times.. and by several I mean, ever since I had my first taste.. I've been back at least 4-5 times in a month.

Since my first time, nothing about the food has changed but there have been some additions to the menu such as the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen and the Cold noodles (which I have yet to try). The food is still the same and I STILL LOVE IT.

The only thing that's changed is the prices for toppings and such has gone up a little bit and now my meal averages to about $12-$14 a trip for just one bowl. A little bit pricey sometimes but hey, you get what you pay for!

My old review still holds truth! GO FORTH AND EAT MONTA!
Afraid I'm going to have to downgrade Monta.  :(  The broth in their tonkatsu just isn't the same as it used to be.  It used to have a really rich, almost meaty flavor.  It's still a really good broth but not the ridiculously tasty one it used to be.

Noodles also seem a bit limper than they used to be.  Maybe they're too busy to handle everything like they used to?
It's about time I write a review for my beloved Monta! first things first I didn't like this place at the beginning but I gave it a second try and I am hooked. I came here so much that I became the duchess after having 30-35 check ins lol yes I'm that obsessed. Sadly someone took my spot but whatever lol 

I usually order tonkatsu shoyu with chashu,nitamago & corn..
The broth is just sooooooo gooood! I've been to so many ramen places here in Vegas and none of them can compare to this! 
The broth is like creamy pork flavor with shoyu (soy sauce), the chashu pork is very tender and thin which is perfect for me it's so so so good! The noodles are firm and not too soggy which I love as well ^__^ 
For side dishes I usually get takana fried rice and gyoza :) so yummy 

As for the people that work there, they already know that I'm a regular so they usually give us good seats and we also tip them really good lol
Just don't go there during the weekends or around 7pm so many people waiting in line. I just wish they would renovate & make the place bigger since its very famous already and u get to sit more customers ya know?! 
I can't wait to go back this week & eat there again. Writing this review just made me hungry!! :p
Finally got to go to Monta after hearing about it for so long and dying to go. It was good! Pretty much what you would expect from a ramen place... quick and easy. It is very small and you'll probably have to wait for sure. 

I have to say I enjoy different ramen styles better, though, like what they have at Ramen Sora. Monta has thinner noodles, and their broth is very good but doesn't have the umami punch that makes ramen so delicious. I prefer thicker, chewier wavy noodles than thin noodles that they had. They also do not have curry like many ramen places unfortunately, but that is okay, because they make up for it with their variety of fried rices. 

I sat at a stool at the bar, and it is pretty uncomfortable, but adds to the ramen-ya feel that they are going for. I wouldn't mind going back, it definitely satisfies the ramen craving, but I think if I had to pick one place it would be Ramen Sora for sure. 

Check it out!
Monta Monta.. Do you want to Monta?.... F**k yeah I wanna Monta. A friend of mines mention to me about this place when she was in Vegas. So the next time I went to Vegas, I decided to try this place out cause I love good ramen. Line here sucks but it is well worth it. The first time I had this place I was blown away at how scrumdidilumpcious. I decided to go back to this place again the next day just so my friends can try it out also. Miso ramen was excellent. The pork was so tender that it melts in your mouth. Same with the egg. The only thing I would complain about is the gyoza. They tasted like the one you brought in the frozen good section at the store. Stay away from the gyoza and you would definitely give this place 5 stars.
I'm not huge on noodles and soup, and this place always seems to have a line out the door. It's so small here you're practically a sardine. The experience was really good and everyone is friendly I really liked the Ramen and will be coming back again to try all of the different options
I am so full!  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with sliced pork.  I also ordered kaedama (extra noodles), the mini-mentaiko bowl with spicy cod row, green onion & chopped seaweed over rice.  Washed it all down with an Asahi draft.  Excellent and pretty inexpensive.  The place is tiny!  I saw 4 people walking for the door and run to beat them inside.  I had to sit at the bar close to the door and kept getting blasted by freezing winds from outside.  I will be back (maybe when it's warmer outside.)
Perfect on a chilly weather. Price not bad and they've added some stuff in their menu, which is good. Place small if volume of people is a lot, but since this is an in and out eatery, wait is not bad (unless if there's a group of people hanging out just cz). One of my faves.
This is probably the most popular ramen restaurant near Las Vegas area because we had to wait about 1 hour just to get in. Restaurant was pretty small and service was okay.  

Miso ramen with extra chashu porks and nitamago ($7.25 + $2.5 + $1.5) - The miso broth was a bit salty, but at least there was some flavor. Nitamago (flavored egg) was actually pretty good. Chashu porks had a good texture, but tasted a bit salty. I do like their wavy noodle, pretty chewy. 

This place probably won't be this popular if it opens up around the Los Angeles area because there are too many great ramen restaurants. Overall - noodle wasn't too bad, but broth was definitely a bit salty.
maybe it's because i've been spoiled by los angeles and all their great ramen places...this ramen place was just average...definitely was not worth the 1hour+ wait that my party did for....but hey...since its vegas, this is the most legit ramen place in the area....so we though to try it..

since their most popular item is the shoyu ramen...i opt'd for the shoyu tonkotsu ramen....idk about you but they really go crazy with the shoyu....it was salty...a bit too salty for me...and after just eating a night of salty food at wicked spoon..omg...more salty food....

probably wont come back again unless i really want ramen and i'm stuck in vegas
Went here a few days ago during a weekday - it has the BEST chasu pork I've ever tasted! It literally melts in your mouth. They're thin slices, so I recommend ordering extra for your ramen.

The wait is a bit long so prepare for that. Our group of 5 got there at 2pm and we still had to wait for almost an hour to get seated. It's definitely a small, cozy place with great food, hence the wait.
For a ramen shop in Las Vegas, it's pretty good. I ordered miso and it was on the salty side. But the soup was tasty with juicy piece of a pork and I love the thin ramen/noodle. The place is clean and you can see the ramen experts in action. It's a piece of an art.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you hear when you walk in are the waitresses yelling the order in Japanese and the chefs in the back confirming AND the slurping of noodles from patrons which is a strong first impression. (* + 1) I'm no ramen expert but I believe the best places have distinctive flavors for their broths. At Monta, you can definitely tell the Miso from the Tonkatsu, and the Shoyu from the Tonkatsu-Shoyu which earns a star. ( * + 1) 

Location+Atmosphere: It's tucked away in a shady strip mall which I always seem to pass, but a good landmark is the bar at the beginning of the mall called Kilroy's (named after the famous Kilroy graffiti). I love the atmosphere which is an open kitchen where you see the chefs work. The bar seating has nice spinning bar stools and it's easy to get comfy/friendly with the strangers next to you. (* + 1)

Service: At the door they don't really care who you are or what you do (whether you have a party of one or a party of 10, no special treatment; no forgiveness for leaving/having incomplete party). Once seated, the service is quick and they get your stuff out as soon as possible to get another butt in your chair. With a small party (2-3) the wait shouldn't be too long. With a large (+4) party, at munch-time you're out of luck. Service does not earn a star.

Food: Ramen (why would you get anything else here?). Four different broths to choose from with their own noodle style. Tonkatsu shoyu ramen comes with wavy noodles and the Miso came with thin noodles. Extra noodles are $1.25. I don't get add-ons because there's no need, the amounts which are portioned should be rich enough to keep you from wanting for a couple hours. Which leads me to portion size. First time it came, I thought I could eat 3 bowls, but after the first tasty, rich bowl you find yourself satisfied. What you're looking for is the flavor of the broth and I think this place has one of the tastiest broths. I like to add the spicy powder, hot oil, and sesame seeds so maybe that's why it gets salty near the bottom, but it makes my noodles tastier. (* + 1) Got the gyoza, tasted the gyoza, enjoyed the gyoza, did not write home about the gyoza.

Strangest thing: I do not understand why they don't serve hot tea. Too much work to serve and too little space for the cups? They do have canned oolong and green tea though.
I've studied and had my share of great and authentic Japanese ramen--it's as much an art as a science.

Not bad. Girls are really nice here--aiming to please.  The space is clean.

It was great to see that they have the popular dual broth (tonkotsu-shoyu) that is quite trendy in Japan.  It was excellent. Unfortunately the noodles are not made here--what a disappointment.  The egg was made too far in advance and thus cold and too hard.

But I didn't expect that much out here in Vegas, so it was a nice meal despite the noodles.
Ramen was just so-so. Noodles were not handmade. However, rice bowl with pork belly was great! Service is good. Always in line.
I never use to eat off strip on my trips to Vegas. I always thought that if i'm on vacation, I should experience the strip and maybe downtown and nothing else. Lately though, I find myself enjoying the hidden gems of Vegas more and more; eat where the locals eat and you can't go wrong. Monta Ramen is one of those fine establishments. 

Hands down the best Tonkatsu ramen I have ever had. The presentation is simple, but the flavors are out of this world. By far my most favorite part of the dish is the pork belly. Thinly sliced and melt in your mouth juicy, even the L.A.'s Daikokuya doesn't match. Also ordered a side of Kim Chi fried rice. The dish was unremarkable, and unnecessary since the ramen portion was filling. 

The place is small, and popular so be sure to get there early!
Love this place, it is good simple as that
Awesome!  Have had ramen all over japan and greater LA area and this place is hands down one of the best.  Love how they keep it real japan style and hurry you out when you are done eating.  That is how it should be done in a ramen  joint.  I never felt rushed but when i was done i was ready to head out.  I had the gyoza and was impressed also.  Buddy had ramen in NY at Momofuko and said that place was horrible Monta opened his eyes.  He wanted to come back for an early lunch the next day!
I still think Monta is tasty, but it's just not as tasty as I used to think it was.

While Monta isn't my first choice anymore, I don't have any qualms on eating here. My best friend Tida C. is still a die-hard Monta lover so I'm sure they'll still be in my regular rotation of restaurants.

The Miso broth isn't as rich and a little more salty than I remembered. And the flavors are more subtle than comparable broths I've had at other ramen places. Between Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Miso, I consider Miso to be the tastiest of all of them.

A couple of the reasons I still think Monta is awesome is their Togarashi (the red chili/pepper flakes on the table). I don't know how they make it or where they get it from, but no other togarashi is equal to that of Monta's. The blend of chili and other seasonings make it incredibly addicting and it has more spice (heat level) than others I've tried.

And of course, they still hold true to carrying the freshest mentaiko in town. That mini mentaiko bowl is still my favorite app / side dish to a hot bowl of noodles.
We came with a party of 9, and they were very accommodating.  I got the Miso Ramen, which comes with the thick, curly noodles.  The regular Tonkotsu ramen comes with the thin noodles, which I don't really like, so read the descriptions carefully.  I added corn to my ramen, and it was perfect!  We also shared some gyoza and fried rice.  The gyoza is ok, but the fried rice had lots of green onions.  

Yes, this place is small, but the crowd just shows how great the food and service is here.  We got to sit at the counter and watch the guys make all the food.  It was the best seat in the house!
The wait was reasonable, the prices were very reasonable and the food was delicious!
I have mixed feelings about Japanese ramen places in this country: although I find myself craving for the broth once in a while, I seldom find a place where the noodles are chewy and firm enough. Usually they taste just like the 25-cent packs of ramen that you get from supermarkets. This noodle bar is just like that. I loved the broth and the cha-siu (marinated and slow-cooked pork meat), but I couldn't stand the noodles. I would still recommend it, but only if you don't have to wait in line for too long.
The more I think about it, the more I think Monta is just okay. The novelty of ramen hooked me at first since we don't have any ramen shops in Houston. Since then, I've realized that even though it was delicious, it's just noodles and broth. Extremely salty broth. Too salty.  I know it's strange to say that everything was delicious, but every single ingredient added to your ramen is an extra charge. From what I remember, they give you two slices of pork. Two. It's really not enough.
Food: 4
Service: 4
Atmosphere: 3. Cramped in a strip mall (which is of course typical in LV.). It is located in the same strip mall as another popular Japanese place, Raku.

FIRST IMPRESSION and ORDERING
As we stood waiting for about maybe 15-20 min, we peeked over to the table of 4 who were eating on a table smack right next to the entry door where everyone was standing & waiting. We saw that the fried rice looked a tad greasy and so did the ramen broth. My dinner companion gave me that look of "hmmm" and I said "I guess we'll just try it since we're already here". We were curious to compare this to our usual Ramen Dojo (San Mateo, CA).

We ordered one tonkotsu $6.95 (+egg $1.50  and corn $0.50), one shoyu ramen $6.95 with extra chasu (+4 pieces, $2.50) and one kimchi fried rice $6.95 (hoping this would be less greasy than the regular fried rice and it was slightly less common in the Ramen place).  Having not eaten lunch that day, we were huuungry and ready to devour our order as soon as it arrived. First impression: noodles presentation looked neat and mouthwatering; the ingredients were neatly arranged on top and the bowl of ramen looked quite appetizing. Especially with 2 hungry stomachs impatiently waiting to devour them. LOL. 

The broth didn't appear as greasy as my earlier glance at the previous table.  There was a curious black ring around each of the chasu (more about this later) that's usually not present in the other ramen's place chasu piece.  Interesting, we thought.

The fried rice still looked a tad on the greasy side by the shines it showed. But in all fairness, I haven't ordered Japanese fried rice in a ramen place for some time. Maybe they all look like that.

Now on to the fun part.

FOOD
The broth on the tonkotsu ramen was delish. Slightly on the lighter side compared to Ramen Dojo, but it was still good. One big difference that made Ramen Dojo's broth more 'hearty' and tasty was the addition of chicken bits in their broths. If you like a lighter version of Tonkotsu broth, you will like Monta's version better.

The shoyu broth was light yet had a lot of flavor. 

The tonkotsu bowl came with thin noodles. We both were very curious how good (smooth) this thin noodle would be. While not as 'smooth' as some of the other thin ramen noodles we've tried in Japan, we were pleasantly surprised at how smooth and tasty it was. So, thumbs up here.

The noodles in the shoyu bowl was also pretty good. It is the yellow, thicker, curly kind; of course heavier than the one in the tonkotsu bowl, yet not super-heavy.

As for the curious black ring around the chasu, as you probably have guessed, it is the pork skin. The skin itself was a real thin strip with a very thin layer of fat underneath it.  Including this skin gave the soup broth an extra flavor and aroma that distinguished it from other ramen's place broth. It was probably also why the half-finished ramen bowl we peeked earlier looked slightly greasier. I don't typically see this pork skin included in other ramen shop. This is a plus for the broth. The slightly greasier broth didn't quite happen as much in my bowl. 'cause I like to scrape off the fat under the pork skin. LOL. Another thumbs up!

The last dish which was the kimchee fried rice ($6.95) was yum, though I still think it could be done with slightly less oil.  Unlike the rice bowl-sized portion that it often comes in, this fried rice came in a rounded square plate of the size that could've been a meal by itself.

SERVICE
Service was friendly, efficient and brisk without making us feel rushed. But we did devoured our meal super fast and left quickly as a courtesy to the long lines of people waiting.

Two thumbs up for this place.

ANECDOTAL COMMENTS & OBSERVATIONS (mostly rhetorical)
Why is it that most ramen house has the most 'house rules' posted on their outside window? No outside food. No outside drink. No tacos? (seriously, this place has a picture of tacos with a cross on it and Japanese writing).
First things first. 1. I've never had ramen til now. 2. This is my first review as an Elite woohoo! 
Maybe I had higher expectations of this place, even though I had nothing to compare it to other than the ramen you get for .20 at the local grocery store. It was good. Very good even. I ordered the pork/chicken broth ramen add corn and butter. I ate the entire bowl and would order it again. I personally chose to add a little chile oil and whatever that mixed seasoning at the table was. It def improved my broth which needed the extra umph. The pork in the soup was not my style. The fatty skin reminded me of duck, which I don't like the skin of. Everything else in the soup was yummy and ill consider adding extra mushrooms and maybe an egg next time. 
Good prices, I'd much rather go order a $7 bowl of ramen, versus buying all those ingredients and doing it myself. However, how often do I eat ramen is really the question here, maybe that's why I expected it to be something more than basic. Ill consider ramen again, as long as I don't have to wait (which you usually do considering they have like 6 tables) or possibly order it Togo. I did notice that was an option. Next time ill try Sora or Fukumimi.
We actually took a cab to get to THIS place? My gf was raving about it because apparently it was suppose to be "really good". We decided to go because it was cold in Vegas anyway so ramen would warm us up! 

Ehh I think where I am from, ramen is much better. There was quite a wait, the place was itty bitty! I didn't even end up getting ramen just because I didn't want to bloat and be all big before going out. I went with the Regular Fried Rice. I mean there wasn't anything amazing about it. It was like ordinary rice that I could've whipped up myself! 

My gf got the ramen. The broth was okay. I've had better. The noodle on the other hand was super fresh. It had a crisp to it when you bit into it too. 

The cool thing about our experience was we sat at the bar so we were able to see the chefs prepare all the ramen bowls and cook the meats and what not. What bothered me the most about this place is its efficiency and service. They are super slow and move like ants here! Nothing is speeding them up and I feel like I waited about 30 minutes for my food on top of the wait before being seated. 

Too bad this joint was sort of far from Chinatown...because I wanted to check that place out but it wasn't walking distance!
There have been a number of ramen places that have popped up in Vegas since Monta, and I've also had ramen in Cali, so my rating has definitely changed since. Ya know, when you don't really know better...

I'd still come back to this place, as it is the closest to me, and it's still pretty good, but the last time I was back here, I definitely noticed the taste difference in just everything.

Ramen is still decent enough for a visit. They are almost always busy (especially since their place is quite small) and service never really falls short. It's such a small place that it's quite hard for the servers to ignore you.

Still will be a regular to this particular ramen restaurant in Vegas, but 4 stars is the most I can give it now.

& I always get the TONKOTSU SHOYU ramen :)!
I always have good dining experience here when I stop by. I am always prepared to wait a bit because the place is small, but I usually get lucky to snatch a bar seat. A and I are creatures of habit; so far we've ordered their pork belly bowl and tonkatsu ramen with all the trimmings. The pork belly bowl is delicious, perfect amount of meat for the rice, yet sometimes I find it a little bit on the greasy side. The tonkatsu ramen is good too. Fresh thin noodles with tasty broth. I think it's one of the best ramen houses in LV, but I've had better ramen when I used to live in the Bay area. I am still fan though, because the servers are quick and efficient. The prices are more than fair too so what's not to love?
Not a bad place for ramen.  Broth was nice.  Meat was okay.  Service was decent.  But after having ramen at Santouka in the Mitsuwa Japanese stores, it just doesn't compare.

It's good ramen though.  I just can't say I'm a huge fan of it.
Great hole in the wall Ramen place! Great service and staff are very accommodating. We got our order right away which was awesome!  The wait for a table isn't too bad, if its cold just wait in your car or there are several massage places next to Monta :  ).
Okay so I have been on a crazy ramen kick these last few weeks.  I can't seem to get sick of it, which really needs to happen soon because all this sodium is not condusive to my eating clean and healthy.

I know I said in my Sora review that I probably would not go back to Monta after falling in deep and passionate love with my bowl of ramen at Sora, but I wanted to eat by myself today and I knew if I went to Monta, I could probably get a seat quicker than at Sora since Monta has the counter-top seating.  I used to go to Monta every Saturday for lunch by myself and noticed that there were a lot of people who like to eat there by themselves, which makes it easier and faster for me to get a seat.

Today was so busy!  So busy in fact, that I still had to wait about 15 minutes before getting seated. They only have a couple of servers who also double (triples?) as hostesses and bussers so these ladies are running around like crazy.  Like Sora, I just find myself exremely impressed at how quickly they turn tables over without making you feel rushed when you're eating.  I love to sit at the counter-top and watch them making the ramen.  The guys are super nice and will usually chat a little bit when I've been there on Saturdays, but today he was constantly running around getting those delicious bowls of steaming ramen out of the kitchen.   

Anyway, I don't have anything against Monta.  I just think Sora is way better.  However, I did leave there today feeling extremely happy and satisfied.  I always get the Tonkatsu-Shoyu with chasyu and nitamago.  One bowl of ramen is usually more than enough for me.  If I'm with someone, we will usually also get the gyoza, which are good but nothing special.  Today, however, I decided to try something new and adventurously ordered the kimchi fried rice.  Not sure why regular fried rice comes in a small and large, but add some kimchi to it and you can only get one size, which is a large serving.  But I'm glad I got it because it was freakin' wonderful!  The seasoning is just perfect and the kim chi is just subtle enought that it doesn't overpower the fried rice taste.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers!

I still can't help but compare my ramen at Monta to my ramen at Sora, and though it falls short, I still really enjoy Monta as part of my ramen rotation and will continue to go there every once in a while.
This is the best place for Ramen in all of Vegas.  It is far superior to the Sora Ramen both in taste and cleanliness/price.  Pork belly is one of the best. Sister company of Goyemon (another favorite). 

Don't come here if you are in a hurry.  Waits during Sat for lunch can exceed 45mins.   They also don't take reservations and the entire place seats around 25 people max.  They should raise prices to keep the crowds away or expand into one of the neighboring suites due to high demand.

I would give 5 stars if not for the wait (which is terrible).
Although the wait to be served was approximately 40 minutes the wait was well worth it. We had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with a side of Gyoza. The Ramen was the best we have tasted in the USA. Definitely a must visit whenever we are in Las Vegas.
Ordered Chasu Bowl while my boyfriend ordered Kimchi Fried Rice and Shoyu Ramen. Everything was so good and good portions. It's such an incredibly small place though. No reservations, wait could be extremely long if its busy.
Went with friend and his wife for dinner. Very small shop in a lot near the end of chinatown. I did notice it was the only place that seemed busy besides the bar. Might be worried on wait during peak times, but wasn't too long for us, 15-20min. Ordered the miso ramen. Noodles were good texture and bite, broth was decent. Service was good too. Overall pretty decent.
I'm not sure what the hype is all about at Monta Ramen.  Don't get me wrong, this place has good Ramen but I've definitely had better elsewhere.

I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with nori and corn.  Personally my broth was a little bit on the salty side and my best friend felt the same way.  We also ordered gyoza, which I liked very much but that's about it.  We did arrive about 12:30 A.M. and I'm assuming we got the last batch since all the workers seemed to be cleaning up the place as we finished up our Ramen.  They also forgot to give us the red ginger you usually get on the side.  My boyfriend and I didn't realize this until we headed out the door after seeing the Ramen add-ons were compiled together at the bar ready to be stored for the next business day.

If you plan to go maybe try and go during normal/peak hours.  The way I see it, it's like ordering french fries in the wee hours of the night, when they are usually sitting out too long and become stale and soggy.  Basically, you might not get the best batch of broth... 

Yeah, sorry Monta Ramen, there's just no chemistry between you and me.  Good try though.

Lina Chen
I've probably been to Monta Ramen about 20+ times now, and in my opinion it's the best ramen noodle shop in town (Fukumimi does come close in my opinion....more on that in another review. 

The Food (5 out of 5):
I usually order either the Tonkotsu Shoyu or the Miso Ramen and then add an egg. I absolutely love their broth (I am a big fan of salt after all). At times, we will order gyoza and/or fried rice to go along with our orders of ramen, and that is usually a good way to round out the meal.

The Service (4 out of 5):
I love how fast the turnover of tables is after a patron as left because there is usually a line of people waiting to get in. This is my only true gripe about Monta; I just wish that they had just a little more seating room. HINT: If you go here for lunch, they open at 11:30am......just make sure that you are a couple of minutes early otherwise you will be waiting about 20-30 mins to get seated.

The Price (5 out of 5): 
Ok, I guess that this could be better if it were FREE, but come on, that's not going to happen! But, you shouldn't be paying any more than $20 pp here (more like $10-12 pp if you're not getting any extras and/or having water as your drink). 

OVERALL:
Monta Ramen is at the top of the pack for Japanese ramen noodle shops in Las Vegas in my opinion!
Nothing special....

Very frugal on the meat in the Ramen
I like the ramen here ,they are the best in town!price is reasonable,food is yummy and the waitress is sweet. They are traditional japanese girls ,very gentle and quiet ,not like some other places waiter or waitress always yelling at chefs in the kitchen.you will feel comfortable when you are dinning there.a good place for couples and lovers .
Monta is one of my favorite Japanese Ramen in town.   It's so tasty that it got famous and was featured on Travel Channel.  The chef claim you couldn't get the ingredient/recipe here and it came straight from Japan.  The noodle is very tasty.  Few things I don't like about the the Ramen is that the soup is got way too much oil in there which is not drinkable.

If you are looking for restaurant to socialize with your friends, this is definitely not the spot for you.  The turn over is very fast, people Eat and Go quick and you have people wait in line in a very small space and everyone will be staring at you waiting LOL...  Not a spot to hang out.  But Food is good.
Monta is the best Ramen in town!!!
I come here for the TONKOTSU RAMEN w/ a few orders of the KAIDAMA. In the summer time, I hit up the HIYASHICHUKA (my favorite). 

Seating is very limited and depending on where you get seated, I have no room to get too comfy. A few times, I was elbow to elbow with my people sitting next to me. 

Other than that all I have to say is: RAMEN DAISUKI!!!
This was my first visit for dinner.  There was only a short wait to be seated at a table.  The restaurant was located on Spring Mountain Rd/S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.

I ordered the Miso Ramen.  My friends ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and the Tonkotsu Ramen.  They all came with green onions, two slices of fatty chashu, thinly sliced bamboo shoots and kikurage.  Butter, corn, kimchee, extra chashu, nori, egg, etc were extra.  The portions were small for the price.

Luckily there was a plate of condiments:  soy sauce, sesame seed oil, sesame seeds, and chili powder to add flavor to the bland broth.

I probably won't be back.
okay wow.  so yummy!
Really good Ramen dishes. Now I know what it's SUPPOSED to be like!
I got mine with the thicker noodles, extra pork and an egg. Bomb!
I had enough broth that I could've ordered a refill of noodles, but we had a side of rice for the little guy, so I just dumped that in a slurped it all up!
We got Gyoza as an appetizer. It wasn't bad, but I'll skip it next time.
So good. So cheap. So perfect.
One of the better noodle houses in town.  Very small and usually there is a bit of a wait.  I love the Tonkatsu with egg and extra noodle.  The broth is savory with a kiss of salty pork.  The noodles are always cooked to perfection.  I've tried my wife's Shoyu, and it's ok, but the flavor is in the Tonkatsu Ramen.  Great food at a very great price.  If you are in that part of town, it's one of the best Ramen.
Don't go here. Seriously. The wait is bad enough already. Their ramen is one of the few foods that leaves me thinking about it and dreaming about it after a visit. The flavors are complex but complimentary and an excellent value. Biggest changes that would up the rating are a) a bigger space and b) more attentive/personalized service. Don't go there.
If given the choice of going out to eat vs. staying in, I never even think about where I might want to go, I always go to Monta. A good friend introduced me to this wonderful place a long time ago, and it's been my favorite spot ever since.

The quality of food and service is top notch, and they never disappoint. I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu with extra pork belly and an egg. For such delicious food, the prices are astoundingly good. I honestly could not say enough good things about this place.

I've taken numerous people to this place, and will continue to do so. I've told out of town friends, and anyone that has mentioned a hankering for ramen, or food in general, to come here, because they have not lived until they've eaten the best ramen in town. 

I wish there were more space for seating, but it's not really a problem if I have to wait. The reason there is a wait is because everyone knows how amazing this place is, and their food is well worth the wait. Well worth it.
Wow, who knew Vegas would have a delicious Ramen house like this. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Only tip, is that come at least 15 minutes early because there usually is a wait!
friend recommended and hear alot of buzz about this place 
and sure enough i immediately became a fan 
The broth was very rich and good 
The ramen was smooth and thin - can tell it was freshly made 
The spicy salmon roe mini rice bowl was yummy 
Excellent customer service 
Strongly recommended
It is hard to believe that over two years ago Monta came into the land of Las Vegas and took us by storm. A small restaurant that mainly focused on ramen with decor that was similar to that in anime, UNHEARD OF. I was blinded by Monta's kool-aid. However years later now and most likely because of the raging success Monta has on the Vegas valley, ramen proprietors came from the shadows and declared Vegas ready for legitimate ramen. For me a cause and effect of the boom is that Monta has fallen in the ranks of preference and not only because of taste, but from the swarm of different styles of ramen that became available. 

Sure Monta is not what it used to be pre-2012, but it is consistently now what it is. For myself it overwhelmingly salty, thin, and a lack of depth. That might not be the same for everyone, as I know that some of my friends do not particularly enjoy the thick rich broth from other providers. The chashu is more fat than anything else. Monta also consist of ridiculously long wait times, its insane to wait anything more than 15 minutes when a handful of options are only a 5 minute drive away. 

Although this may seem like a bash on Monta, I think that everyone should try it at least once (when the wait is not ridiculous), sort of paying tribute to Monta because without it, we (Las Vegas) would not have all delicious alternatives. 

Thanks Monta
First love but can't wait !
This place hits the spot if you want some good ole ramen!! Not the best I've had but the best in Vegas.
Now to start, the reason I gave four stars it because the customer service can be terrible. I once brought 6 friends (all who had never been there before) to try it. There tables are only made to seat 4 at most, and even though there was an empty table and the one next to it had just paid and was ready to leave, instead of waiting 5 minutes and seating us THEY SAT THE EMPTY TABLE. After we had already been WAITING FOR 45 MINUTES, they again wanted us to wait for two tables to clear out at the same time. Not gonna lie, I lost my s***.  Then, to try and make it up to us they tried to offer us bar seats (after I made it perfectly clear in the beginning that we wanted a table) and we just picked up and left. Apparently bringing more than 4 people and asking for a table is too complicated for the waitresses to handle and caused their brains to melt.

Other than that, I have never had a problem with their service there and their ramen is the best I have ever had. Even my half Japanese cousin (who is from Tokyo) said that it's the closest to Japanese ramen you can get in the states. It's always crowded now (a testament to how good it is) so be prepared to wait. But the wait is usually not too long since they get people in and out as fast as they can.

In conclution: Never arrive in a group of more than 4 people (or you will overload the poor waitresses' brains, heaven forbid) and you will have a fabulous dinner. :)
Oooooh Monta. Why does your restaurant have to be the size of my closet and your service atrocious so I have to give you 4 stars instead of 5?  I really like their ramen.  I repeat, I REALLY like their ramen.  But man, everything else is annoying. 

I came here with a group of 5 once (all newcomers so I was trying to show off the place).  Luckily, we showed up right when they opened so we got seated right away.  We were all squished on a table that clearly should have supported only 4 full grown adults.  But the ramen is so tender, the broth so hearty and flavorful, and the boiled egg and yolk so delicious.

On another occasion, I came here for dinner with 1 other person and ended up waiting about 1.5 hours because the place is so darn busy and there aren't enough seats.  I kid you not.  Several times we thought about leaving but couldn't come up with an alternative ramen joint that was remotely as good.  It's absolute cruelty.

Also, they don't seat you unless your entire party is there.  And I wouldn't recommend going with a party bigger than 4 or it's almost impossible to find somewhere to sit.  While their ramen is super delicious, they really need to move to a bigger location and give their staff some customer service classes.
*drool*.....I can hardly write this review without becoming hungry. Anyway I frequent this place as often as I can. I always order my ramen with extra pork and sometimes an egg. This place is very crowded most of the time but its worth the wait. So if you are thinking you're hungry and want ramen get here quick sit through the wait time and then feast on, in my opinion, the best ramen in china town.
meh.  nothing too special about this ramen place.  it was good, just not that much different from all the other ramen spots in the valley.
Ramen seems like it would be a simple delicacy to create, but this place makes it such an exquisite dish and it is quite delightful to the taste buds. 

I noticed a lot of bad reviews are due to the size and service of the restaurant as opposed to the food. But everytime I've came here I have never had that problem. 

First of all, if you know this place is going to be small I wouldn't suggest bringing large groups. Everytime I've been here was with only one other person when I've had a craving for good ramen and some Japanese beer. With that said I've always been able to get a seat without having to wait too long and my food has always come out speedy, fresh, and fantastic. 

The tonkatsu-shoyu ramen is awesome and if you'd rather opt out of the mixed broth they are both good stand alone too. There are a lot of toppings you can add to your soup which is pretty awesome also. 

Great place for anyone to check out, but just remember the size capacity issue when trying out this place!
Here's a place to visit. 
To dispel the hypnotic clouds of Nissin that hang ominously over our great America; 
To be righteously warmed during these cold desert nights;
To understand (again and again) what your food-veteran of an uncle is talking about -- about long lines mid-winter up in northern Japan, you know? -- when the two of you are caught in a suitably similar 40-minute wait in front of a tiny ramen-ya (again and again).
...etc.

Point being, Monta is a great introduction into ramen, a trial by fire if you're lucky. 
Yes, you will likely have to stand around the door before you get to eat, 
yes, you may have to sit by some suspiciously tipsy dude if you're up at the counter, 
and yes, you might not even be impressed, despite what Yelp and your hipster friend says. 
But that's all okay, I promise, it is what it is. It really is great ramen. 

Monta is definitely worth the visit. It's not the best ramen ever, with the chashu a bit too fatty, the miso a bit too salty upfront sometimes, and the gyoza totally unremarkable. But the broth is hot, delicious, and flavorful, and the noodles are top-notch. It's good, okay? Go.
Im asian and all about ramen. Tried this place for the first time on a Saturday night at almost 1am. It was still crowded in there! If youre confused about what ramen is, its just noodles and broth and you get to pick your additional toppings or mix ins or whatever. This place has a chicken broth, a pork broth, or half and half. Its acually really good. It is a little salty, and I wish they had a few more choices for the additional add ins, but I would definitely go back. It is a tiny place, and they wont seat you unless the whole party is there.
Tonkotsu might get four stars, the shio and miso/tonkotsu two or three.  Too salty, noodles were a little soft and I personally prefer the curly kind (rather than the round, straight kind at Monta). Pork was good, soft boiled egg was pretty good.

Personally I like the small, crowded restaurant.  It seems to somehow be the right ambiance for a ramen shop.
I never liked going to eat ramen, but the more places I try, the more I love and appreciate Monta. 

This place is very small, and sometimes the wait can be a while, but the service is actually really quick. I've tried every flavor, but my favorite would have to be the Tonkatsu with corn. The corn just puts it over the top! My boyfriend is usually a die hard Miso fan, it's pretty good, I don't love it, but so far he likes Monta's the best. 

I don't ever order fried rice at restaurants, but this one time I did and it was actually pretty good! It had a lot of flavor, it reminded me of my mom's. The pork belly bowl is delicious too, but I wouldn't go there for that. Overall, Monta would have to be my favorite ramen spot!
The smell of the soup brings you in from blocks away.. dont let the surroundings of this place bring sour grapes to your plate... its good eats! 
the chashu is literally MELT in your MOUTH good ( droooolll) If i could do it all over again i would of ordered extra chashu with my lunch. 
Its a nice change to have a mixed broth... it isnt something that you get to try everyday unless you decide to do some mixology right on your table. 
My only thing that i noticed is the noodles are not made at the store and for that reason they ended up with 4 stars instead of 5. 
Also tried the pork belly bowl not bad.. but really really thin pork belly and not much of it to start with.... great with kimchi! 
ps.. remember all "extras" come with a price tag so asking for extra kimchi or green onion they will charge you and not tell you that you are being charged to them its universally understood that there's no free lunch with this world.. or well.. free.. anything.. But at $7 per bowl of ramen its a STEAL!
What an incredible value.  I got the tonkotsu, it comes with two big pieces of melty pork belly, and I added an egg.  The broth is good, not great depth, but definitely  very good.  The noodles are the straight kind.

Service was excellent.  A woman chef was in charge of the kitchen, she totally commanded it.  That was cool.
This place may be small in size but big in value. Their soups are great and the pork belly with rice was amazing! The menu may not be very deep but what they make is top notch.

Reasonable hours with reasonable pricing and excellent service. A great place to go to get something in your belly after a night of drinking with friends.
Pro: yum! I like the thin noodles, but I usually focus on the broth. I got the tonkatsu miso and it was an delicious blend of pork and chicken.

Con: the wait. Also, there is no spicy version of ramen
Ramen house. That's exactly what this place is, no frills just Ramen with a few sides (fried rice/gyoza items on the menu) Monta is truly a place that focuses on the Ramen.  Tonight I had the Shoyu basic ramen and didn't need to add anything to it.  I'm still a Ramen newb so hearing tables next to me adding extra pork, extra noodles etc made me realize you can customize your own Ramen bowls, but just the basic Ramen as is is just fine.  This is good comfort food and beats your top ramen like during your college years. *there will be a wait and this place is small, but definitely worth it! **the hot tea comes in cans cold or hot.
This is where I lost my ramen virginity so I can't say if it's the best but I truly enjoyed it.

There was a bit of a wait but I am told this is normal.  Its a small space and a bit noisy so don't expect a quit spot.

The food was great, cheap and served fast.
I went here with my girl friend and her friend. I am a simple white "guy" and they are both Chinese. I not remotely a Ramen expert, but I know one thing for sure, it is made with Ramen noodles! All three of our noodle dishes (all different) were made with cheap store bought NON-ramen noodles. A very thin Chinese style noodle that I have purchased many times from such markets as 168 and 99-Ranch. The broth was "okay". 

Now no matter how much you might "love" this place, to call it a Ramen House is insulting! Perhaps it once was much better, but with the current noodles served, it is a Japanese flavored Chinese Noodle House at best!
Best Ramen Place.

The only reason it gets a four star is that it's impossible to go there without waiting in line which is a deal breaker when you don't have much time. They should definitely get a little larger place.

Other than that, again, best ramen I ever tasted :)
OMG i loved it!
Best ramen Ive had in a long time! we came right before they opened and there were already some people waiting outside. I ordered the tonokatsu Ramen and it was so delicious. The broth was so rich and flavorful and the pork pieces were juicy. The addition of corn and their egg is a MUST! I will definitely be back again and again
Yummy!  Went straight here on a wet, rainy night after driving into Vegas from Arizona.  It was packed! Even at 9:30pm, but they were able to get the four of us in within 15-20 mins, which wasn't too bad.  I'd recommend going with one other person rather than a large group though.  The place is pretty tiny, and the smaller tables turn quicker, and you also usually have the option to sit at the bar.  I ordered the tonokatsu ramen and it was definitely worth the wait.  The soup was deep in flavor, delicious, and pork was extremely tender and yummy.  The soup was just a tad salty for me, which made me want to order more ramen (which you can do), to soak up all the yumminess.  If it were just a little less salty, I probably would have just stuck a straw in it.  I will definitely be coming back during my future visits to Vegas!
How do you NEGATIVE rate this place?  "Monta Japanese Noodle House was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District after a routine inspection found 47 demerits on March 12.

Violations included spoiled food, potentially hazardous food stored at improper temperatures and staff not properly washing their hands. Also among the citations, an inadequate number of hand washing sinks and ineffective pest control measures." 

I went here once.. And some days later they shut the place down.. HECKA gross!
This Vegas trip turned out great because I got the chance to try many different restaurants and Monta Ramen got me hooked on Ramen. Since I have been back to California I have tried 3 different places. I have compared them all to Monta Ramen and Monta Ramen blows everyone out of the water. There broth is so simple,yet very flavorful. There egg is cooked perfectly. Prices are very reasonable!
Ohh yelpers you have let me down..  I came here based on the high reviews and left disappointed (I didn't even finish my ramen).

This place is super tiny & was packed!  I came when they opened and there was already a line out the door so I had high expectations.

I had the:
- Tonkotsu shoyu ramen (which has both pork and chicken broth). The broth was lacking.  It's salty but isn't rich.  The flavors are subtle compared to other places like Fukumimi, Daikokuya, and Men Oh Tokushima. ..and the egg in the ramen is a side option, so if you don't order it you won't get it.  The noodles were really different too.  They didn't seem like they were made from scratch.  Whatever it is, it's not what you typically have in ramen.  Also, the chaysu is pretty fatty so if you're looking to get some meat or protein in, you're almost forced to order something else.. or something else on the side!
- Gyoza.  All 6 pieces were stuck together.  It really just looked like a whole bunch of frozen pieces were thrown in a pot so I wasn't too impressed - but they were YUMMY!  

This place may be good, but maybe for things other than their ramen.
My favorite ramen spot in Vegas AND LA combined!. Been to fukumimi, daikokuya, and this place tops my list! I was told that they did close down for a bit, but they recently re-opened, not sure why they had to close down but sources told me that it can only mean 1 thing....sanitation....well you know how the saying goes, thats why they're so good...The fried rice and ramen combo are definitely worth coming here again and again.
Monta is located in back of Seoul Plaza.  It is easy to drive pass this plaza looking for Monta.  Look for the plaza that says MASSAGE or OZZIES.

I got to try the Miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen.  The default ramen does not come with an egg.  Both miso broth and tonkotsu broth was flavorful.  I liked the tonkotsu broth more.  

The only other ramen place that I tried in Vegas is Anime ramen.  
Monta is better than Anime.
Yes ramen after a drunken night is always good, mainly wanted the broth. My friend who lives in Vegas recommended this place as one of the better ramen places in Vegas while also informing me that it still won't be like the ones in LA haha. So sure why not?

The establishment is rather small, they do have bar seats and do try their best to make the place look like an authentic ramen place. The pricing seemed fair but the bowl sizes were a bit smaller than I was use to, but whatever, because when it came out it, the broth was still delicious to me. 

Like many other ramen places, the menu is simple, they have pictures and which broth you would like, I went with the miso and added an egg, it didn't take long to get here and it tasted great.
So amazing!  We happened to hit it just right and were seated quickly.  However, be prepared to wait - but the food is definitely worth it!  The broth is so flavorful and the noodles are cooked to perfection.  I felt like I was in Tokyo again!  A definite must try!
Chaysu with egg and corn!

That pork meat is so tender and fatty! Yes fatty! But it's delicious! Get your ramen, slurp it up, get out. 

Super small restaurant.
I have been here a few times. The first two were okay, but after continually hearing such great things about it, I decided to give it another shot. The ramen tasted like it just arrived from a 10 cent package of bulk ramen you can buy in a cheap grocery store. Maybe the chef was on vacation? Needless to say, I won't be visiting the restaurant again.
Guess who just reopened and WON'T be revisiting!!? LoL
Not bad at all.
Most people came for the Ramen. but their cold noodle w/ sesame souse is quite nice.
My GF if vegetarian so this was the only thing she can eat here. A little disappointed in the beginning while found out this is the only vegetarian dish on the menu. However, after the first bite it turns out very good, refreshing and flavorful. People should try it! Highly recommend! Especially during the summer month while it is melting hot at Vegas...
Ramen perfection! The best ramen I've had ever...and I have been to about 15 different places around the country.  All the ingredients are high quality and artfully prepared.
t's a really good sign when you roll into a restaurant at 10:15 PM on a Monday and there's a wait.  

This place is no-nonsense.  Simple Japanese dishes served fresh and fast.  There is probably only room for maybe 40-50 people at max.  

They do Ramen, fried rice, gyoza, draft beer (Asahi), and canned tea.  Tried the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, added egg, shredded green onion and a dash of shichimi it was a hardy and satisfying meal and good.

All in, this bowl of ramen was only$10 and maybe less.  I
Best Ramen I ever tasted, no- respectable and tasty, yes!  When you factor in the price this place probably deserves 4.5 stars, when you factor in the fact that we are in Vegas, and a small restaurant in an inconspicuous stripmall is thriving- they deserve 5-stars. I'm taking a star away for only offering canned tea.  

I mean even if you don't want to do a pots of tea, a cup, microwaved hot water and a bag isn't hard or expensive, fail.  

I gladly would have shelled out $2-3 for a cup of fresh hojicha, that probably had about a cost o f.14
My homie Lutz took us here this past weekend we were in Vegas...and he was ranting and raving about how good this spot was. He claimed it was the best he ever tasted .....and I have to admit...it was all that and then some tall dark and handsome (tribe called quest reference) hehe jk anyway 

"The Venue aka the Vibe"- Clean, Quaint, Accessible, to small groups...I dig the get in the face of my food and "don't bother me while i'm eating" environment! usually when you go to a huge spot with a gang of loud mouf mofos its hard to enjoy your food! but then again Japanese are loud period. 

"The Service"- The server made everything pleasant by being informative about the menu not great but not anything to complain about. Plus we got our food pretty quick. Considering this was officially our first real meal from our 4-5 hour trip this was a huuuuuuuge plus!

"The Food"- I ordered the Tonkatus Shoyu Ramen...with extra chashu and extra flavored egg. It was definitely flavorful the broth was amazing and the noodles were soft and easy to gobble up !!!!! I was very tempted to order some more noodles but amazingly I got full pretty quick! I 've had pretty good ramen all over from Torrance to Honolulu and I must say this ranks up there....Maybe because Vegas is considered the 9th island...the local Japanese Hawaiians get it right everytime. 

If you're from the South Bay like I am its pretty comparable to Yamadaya and Hakata...but overall still is another one of those I would come back to Vegas to make this a first pit stop for some bomb ass Ramen yo!
Monta Ramen is simply the best. Excellent food and affordable prices are both a plus. Their pork ramen broth is killer good, and you can even order extra noodles if you are feeling hungry. They have additional ramen toppings for a little extra as well. The place is small so expect a wait if you come during peak hours. But overall, this place is killer.
We were lucky to come right before it got busy. The girl seemed a little unprofessional when serving us. This is what I call simple and authentic ramen. Nothing fancy. Just simply delicious. I can tell the work that is put into this by the flavor of the broth. That is the most important component of a bowl of ramen for me. It was rich and flavorful. I wish the noodles was a bit thicker. The thin strand is not really my favorite. Chashu was sliced to a perfect medium thickness. I love how all the components come together to make such a great bowl at an awesome price.
I blame Monta Ramen for my random cravings of ramen. A dish I thought people were insane to desire and stand in line for. I'm not one of those people I once judged. :( DAMN YOU Monta!

The vibe here is clean and chill. Describe this place in one word is impossible. There is always a wait here. The place packs the crowd and flavors. This isn't somewhere you want to go if your party exceeds more than 5-6 people. 

The ramen is tasty and reasonable priced. The Kim Chee fried rice is delish! The gyoza is pretty tasty too. 

If you plan on headed here for some dinner and casual conversation...don't. Enjoy the dinner but take your casual conversation elsewhere because sitting their too long and not eating is just being selfish to people who also want to indulge in the warmth and tastiness of Monta Ramen!
This tiny shop is one of the best places in a town full of great restaurants.
A friend from Los Angeles recommended this ramen joint to me.  "Not the same but good enough" were his exact words comparing it to Daikokuya.  Monta Ramen is literally in the midst of other small Asian food joints in a mini-strip mall in Las Vegas' Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.  I honestly would have not known this place existed if my friend didn't tell me  about it.  Parking was, for one, a bit limited.  

I walked in to a small, maybe 6 (or 7?)  tables and the counter bar, stuffy and unventilated ramen joint.  It had the same feel of Daikokuya:  cramped and rushed.  There were people standing, waiting and blocking the door.  I was offered to sit on the bar but there was no elbow room so I stood up and told the lady I would wait for a table instead.  The wait staff are Japanese, but noticed 2 Latinos working behind the bar/kitchen with an Asian guy.  Red flag I thought but then again I saw the framed accolades from different local papers and publications honoring and awarding Monta as the Best or one of the Best in Las Vegas.   

I sat down in one of the small tables and ordered their tonkatsu ramen ($6.95).   The bowls are smaller, I noticed, and they're somewhat stingy with everything, including the broth and the toppings.  I had a couple small slices of chasu, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and green onions.  Mine didn't come with marinated boiled egg.  I come to find out that you can order the toppings for extra charge.  Really? for an egg? 

The broth was a bit salty to my liking, heavy and tasted like it was enriched with milk or cream, or maybe miso.  The wavy thinner noodles were somewhat seasoned too, but not overwhelmingly salty.  Their chasu, however, is to die for!  It's perfectly seasoned, cooked, caramelized and charred to my personal standards!  For that alone, I will come back and try their chasu rice bowl.  For their ramen soups?  I might try a different one the next time around, and maybe request thicker noodles.

Sidenote:  Monta Ramen was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health Department in mid March 2013 for 47 demerits, but have since re-inspected and reopened.
This is definitely not the ramen I had in college.  The place is small so if you come here late, I imagine the wait will be long.  I got here when they opened and there's already a small line.

I ordered the chicken and pork broth combo with thin noodles.  It is the best that I have eaten and will probably come back when I'm in town again.
Near perfect hangover food. Even sober, I kinda can't believe how good this place is given what they're charging. 2 bowls ramen, gyoza, and large bowl pork belly over rice was like $35 - what?
This place is a japanese Ramen Noodle Bar. I have no idea what the hell kind of customer service people expect from a damn noodle bar. I expect food that is delicious, which this place is, a decent price, which Monta is a little on the pricer for it's product type, but not for it's quality, and food that is fast, which Monta is as well.

If you go get the fried rice, and the ramen, any kind. That's all I have to say. I'm pretty sure I've eaten more food than you, if anything at least more calories, so just trust me when I say go here and eat!
I used to wonder how people could get excited about Ramen.  To me it was a perfectly serviceable bowl of protein, carbs and veg.  Now that I've discovered Monta I know what I was missing.  We've been 3 times in the last month and it's turned into something I CRAVE.  I go for the Shoyu Ramen with corn (I like the extra crunch it brings) and a side of kimchi is a must.  I know they're just pulling it out of a big jar but whatever brand of kimchi is in that big jar it's darned delicious!  We've had to wait a couple of times but on this last visit at about 5pm on a Saturday we walked right in.  Love the vibe...small, bustling, feels like Tokyo!
This is my favorite ramen shop.  I am so glad they're now in Henderson.
As good as Ramen can be.  Simple menu.  The server was adorable.  Cool interior design.  A high end chef recommended we eat here when asked where to eat great food without spending a ton.

Fried rice surprisingly good.
This place is ok. The venue is small and the wait is long. You literally have to be there when they open which is around 1100 to not wait in line. Anime Ramen is a better choice than Monta Ramen. They have more food choices.
The only reason why Im giving this as 4 star due to the space it has. But I also realize japanese ramen houses are very similiar. But yes I love the tonkatsu and man let me tell you. This i feel is one of the authentic kinds of ramen places in Las Vegas. I love it so much i can wait over an hour for it. :) I have not tried other recipes.
Alright, just stopped in about a week ago to check out Monta after they were shut down a little while back.

The service was considerably slower now.  We had to wave them down just to order, and the food took waaaay longer than it used to....Probably due to them having much more strict food prep and storage, but it took a lot longer now than it ever used to be for everything.

But the biggest disappointment was the ramen itself.  This used to be my favorite bowl in town, but something changed....for the worse.

Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with butter and corn :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#q5T-X6g2S1AzgJT4FT0Vrg

It tastes a lot more "instant" now and the broth doesn't have that same depth that used to drive me crazy.  I even added butter and corn, and it still wasn't as flavorful as the other big dogs in town.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad Ramen, but it isn't notable anymore to me.

Pre-shut down, this place was great.  Now, I doubt I will be coming back anytime soon.
There is quite a bit of wait so try to come early. We ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu ramen with the Pork belly rice bowl. The ramen was okay - I wasn't a big fan of the broth. The pork was fatty compared to other ramen places.

The pork belly bowl was really good though. Tender pork belly, but not too fatty. I would come back for the pork belly bowl.
This place is a little bit of heaven in a bowl!  The menu is simple.  I love the Shoyu ramen.  The broth is perfect, no need to alter it with the additives that are offered on the tables, just perfect. The tonkatsu is a little bit to fatty for my tastes its almost like you can taste the lard.  The only thing that could make this spot better would be a frequent fliers card!
Monta Ramen, you have yet to be dethroned as my number 1 ramen joint. If only you did not have 1-2 hours waiting time, you and I can get married.  

Check out my Monta Ramen (Hakata) vs Ramen Sora (Sapporo) review here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=b_9bJ2YjHbbvAob56f6U7A

Want to see some food porn?
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#LpKw1AurwdwET8QrRRONgw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#m4yXnNO5Vc6iK6pNgUKqOA
I chose this place base on the high ratings. I enjoyed the simplicity of the place. I liked their approach of keeping things simple.  I liked that they created a warm and friendly atmosphere.  The level of customer service is definitely high at Monta Ramen.  The wait staff is well trained and are very alert to what is taking place around the restaurant.  Unfortunately, the ramen is not up to par.  Instead of a slightly thicker and more al dente bowl of noodles, my was softer and more closely resembled the thinner egg noodles one might find in Cantonese soup noodle entrees. The noodles lacked "bite" and did not create much of the "slurping factor".  It is really too bad because the broth was decent.  The pork belly was good and the other ingredients were good.  The main attraction, however, was a bit "flat".  I did not feel going to the restaurant was worth the close to $30 round trip taxi fair I paid to/from my hotel.  I was going to rate Monta Ramen 2 stars, but the excellent service saved it from going to 2 stars.
On my last trip to Vegas, I finally got to eat at the legendary Monta Ramen.  This place has been on my "to do" list since I lived here 3 yrs ago.  I've tried at least a dozen times to go, but because this place is so small, the wait is usually very long and I'm not patient enough to wait in a long line for Ramen.  However, this past trip we went at a great time in-between lunch/dinner when there was no wait list.

I ordered:

Small Fried Rice, $3.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8g#w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTaw#391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTaw

Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen, $7.25
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlg#cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGg#g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGg

Miso Ramen (no meat), $7.25
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQ#N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQ

The portions here are much smaller than other Ramen places I've been to.  If you're accustomed to the large portions in So Cal Ramen joints, be warned that the portions here is about 3/4 those portions.  The Fried Rice was very good and hit the spot.  The Ramen was very good, full of flavor.  I had the Veggie Miso Ramen and it was awesome.  The Better Half had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.

Other notes:  They make the Ramen fresh to order, so it's a bit of a wait.  There's also counter seating available for convenience.  We sat at the counter and watched them make the dishes....pretty cool.

Did it live up to the hype?  It met my expectations and was definitely 4 Stars in my opinion.

Return Factor - 80%
I could have sworn I wrote a review for Monta a long time ago. I would have sworn incorrectly.

I think most peoples' initial impression of Monta is "why is there a line outside?" and then they peek in and think, "why didn't they just rent a bigger space?" Luckily, their turnaround time is good. You're usually in with reasonable waiting. It is tiny, though. Be prepared.

The ramen itself is just fine. I think I'll call it "starter ramen." It's not special in any category. It's ramen. Its reliable. You can customize it a bit. You can order surprisingly good fried rice! I am a huge fan of the takana variety. I don't know why. I also almost always ask for low sodium in the broth. That's right! It isn't pre-made that way. Everyone, including myself, is often shocked at this.

There is a healthy serving of noodles so you're basically guaranteed not to be hungry when you leave. If you are, just get some gyoza and you're set. Nice and crispy. They're not fresh or anything, but they work.

Hey, if you're in Henderson, don't even bother. Just go to their new younger brother/sister - Monta Chaya. It's better anyway for shallow reasons.
One of the best ramen places in town. The wait is long at peak times but it's worth it. They use a pork-based broth, not dashi. If you hate dashi-based ramen, you'll like this place. It's a very hard-to-describe flavor. It's very flavorful and savory, and the noodles are perfect. The pork was also good to nibble on. I also tried the stir fried rice. Pretty decent but too many scallions for my liking. I liked it better than Hana Ichimonme in Los Angeles but I admit that could be also due to it being 5 months since I ate there.
a must visit late night food spot in Vegas. You will love their ramen especially when you come here after drinking and party. But the ramen itself is pretty delicious, too.
I must say, hands down, THE BEST ramen in Las Vegas. Although the place is pretty small and the wait list does get long during busy hours, I'd say all off those are worth the hassle for a bowl of monta noodles. The menu is small, but everything i've tried so far has been delicious. They serve the food in a good amount of time too. 

I highly recommend this place for anyone who loves ramen :]
Was looking for a ramen fix that hasn't been satisfied since a trip to NYC's Totto Ramen.  This place was a good fix, though incomparable to Totto.  
Came here during Sunday lunch and had a 30 minute wait in the small shop that probably seats 30.  Service was fairly quick, got my food within 5 minutes of ordering.  Fried rice was really good, would definitely get again.  Got the ramen with thick noodles- thanks fellow yelpers for the recommendation.  The thick noodles are the normal size at other restaurants- nice and chewy.  Broth was good but not as creamy as other places I've been to.  Wished the pork slices were smoked like at Totto, would have added to the flavor.
The first taste of my Shoyu ramen and I had to pause... it took me back to the days when my wife and I were living in Okinawa. it's been 8 years since we were on the island and up until now... we haven't found any ramen close to what we had experienced while in Japan

 Las Vegas... you are lucky to have this little jewel of a restaurant in your town.  You won't find anything close to Monta's here in Phoenix.  So jealous!  Great food.. warm, friendly atmosphere.  It's not a big place... maybe seats 30 if that.  You might have to wait for a table or a chair at the bar... but... it's worth it.

Can't wait to go back!!
I came on a Saturday around 11:30.  its a tiny little place so where was already a line.  We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for 2 seats at the counter.  It was worth the wait!

The Service ---
The service is fine.  Took our order quickly, food came out quickly and brought our check as soon as we were done.  Exactly what you need in a tiny restaurant like that.

The Food ---
We had the miso ramen, Tonkatsu ramen and pork belly bowl.  Tonkatsu ramen was definitely better than the miso.  It had more flavor.  Get the skinny noodles!  They were cooked perfectly.  Not too hard like most places.  The pork belly bowl was pretty delicious as well.  The best part was that they had this garlic sauce that you could put in your ramen.  Literally put 2 heaping spoonfuls.  Mmm mmmmmm!!!

The Prices ---
The ramen was about $7 each and the pork belly bowl was $5.75.  What a steal!!

I wish there was one in LA so I could eat it more often!
Pretty good chahan. Gyoza is definitely not as pungent as most versions, but decent nonetheless. 

Now, the reason we came here was for the ramen. My shoyu ramen was only a slight step above your run of the mill Sapporo Ichiban packaged ramen, with a less than spectacular chasshu. The tonkotsu was a bit more flavorful, but both broths were left unfinished by me and my friend. 

I hope to try Sora Ramen (Sapporo style ramen) down the street from Monta, and another joint close by. We were drawn in by the good reviews, but left with our own less than glowing opinion of those reviews.
I eat low carb, so I don't eat noodles, but I crave ramen broth with all the meat and vegetables.  

Service is no nonsense...they want to turn their tables over ASAP since it is small but popular place...even on a Monday around 6 PM it was fairly pack and by the time we were leaving there were 3 or 4 groups of diners waiting.  However, still, I guess they were nice.  When I asked for a soup without noodles, I confused the waitress and she brought me a bowl of just plain tonkatsu broth...no meat, no vegetables.  I was a little confused and thought is was additional broth for my husband's ramen. I ask the other waitress and in a few minutes she brought me the correct order, but mentioned what seemed obvious to me that it would be the same price with or without noodles. 

The tonkatsu broth was rich in texture and deep with flavor and shows quality, time, and care in preparation. I loved it.  However, in comparison to Sora, I like Sora's broth just slightly better maybe because it was just a touch lighter in texture and flavor. Monta's didn't put nearly the amount of pork that Sora does. I do sample the noodles and I prefer Sora's noodles; they are sort of springy and light, Monta's were a little heavier.   My husband who eats ramen the normal way, also prefers Sora.

I guess, I like Sora's style of ramen soup better, but it is purely just a preference, and both are very good.
Went to try this place based on the Yelp reviews.  What a great find.  The location is tiny, but the food is wonderful.  Noodles were cook perfectly, and the broth was hot and flavorful.  

I wish we had a place like this in Dallas.
Judging by the constant lines and Japanese clientele, this place is legit. And because it's seemingly authentic, vegetarian ramen is a mere fantasy here. All ramen options are pork-based. While not a place for vegetarians, Monta is a great spot for a hangover cure after too much partying. The consensus from my carniovore/omnivore buddies was that the broths were tasty but a tad too salty towards the end. One friend observed a person eating rice on the side with his/her ramen, perhaps a good solution to the saltiness.

Because I didn't have a non-meat option for soup, I got two bowls of the mentaiko on rice instead. Mentaiko atop rice is nowhere near as tasty as the noodle version. Also, butter seemed to missing from the fish egg mixture. I probably won't order this again if I return. The vegetable gyozas are probably worth trying, though.

Service is pretty good for such a fast-paced dining environment; the staff really know how to manage lines and to keep things moving along without being rude or giving you the impression that you were being kicked out. I'd definitely recommend this to any person looking for a soothing soup after a night of endless drinks.
Is it me or this place is overrated? I guess it's me since 700+ ppl seems to like it, and my friends thought the ramen are amazing too. Maybe there was something wrong with me or my pallet that day. 

Good thing we got there early enough to avoid the long line during lunch hour on a Friday afternoon. Just got off the plane, I was super hungry and ready for some yummy ramen. I got the tonkotsu ramen and one of my friend got the miso ramen. I tried her and it's very similar to mines except for one thing, she added extra butter. This make the broth super rich and I can't see myself finishing it after a few bite if that was my noodle...too much. My ramen was super salty that it makes me super dehydrated. My favorite part of soup is always the broth, and if the broth is too much for me to handle, there's no point of eating it. The pork though, on the other hand was very tender and delicious. 

I'll give it another try when I go back to Vegas, just because I love ramen that much. 

Ramen: around $7/bowl (not too bad). It's a pretty good size too.
Best ramen in town!

This intimate little gem was once a hidden secret. Hard to spot off the busy street, tucked away back in a tiny shopping center. Now this booming ramen shop is busier than ever, and the ramen is still top of its game.  
Offering quick and cheap eats, this menu may be small, but there is nothing small about the taste. Kimchee fried rice is a must. Monta offers 4 different broths, numerous toppings as well as sides and like gyoza, fried rices, bowls, etc. Definitely one of my favs
I've been a regular at Monta for a few years now.I recommened the Tonkotsu or the Tonkotsu-shoyu.I really enjoy the Tonkotsu broth.I like to order extra Chashu pork along with ni-tamago (boiled egg).Montas Ramen noodles are good also,not like some other places that seem like they busted the noodles out of a package(Not that I think all packaged Ramen is bad).So if you want to try out Ramen for the first time or you just want good ramen ,I recommend Monta.Oishi!
Best ramen in town, fried rice is off the chin chain, only thing is that it's a real small spot.
The only other ramen joint that stands in Monta's way is Daikokuya in Los Angeles. So that says a lot about Monta :) I absolutely love the tonkatsu ramen they have! Monta practically became my go to place to get my ramen fix. I felt terrified when I heard they had health code violations but glad they quickly solved the issues and reopened! They always have had great service and decently priced items on their menu.
Monta has so much hype because of Food Network. I know the majority of the time it is packed and waits are long so I only recently got to try the ramen here. I got gyoza as an appetizer and I can confidently say that this is the best gyoza I've ever tried. Really good stuff and I get gyoza quite often. My ramen was pretty good. The broth was good and the noodles cooked nicely. No complaints really but I expected a little more because of the hype. I personally prefer the Ramen Sora broth but I understand why so many come to Monta.
Why am I rating this? Obviously it's a spit in the pool with all these other ratings. I want to right the wrong, four stars are not good enough for this place. Is the food five star? No, it's four star. The service, is it five star? No, it's three and a half stars. So why argue? Because for a lunch, you get something fantastic, delicious, full of umami and soooooo affordable. That, my friends, is a five star experience. I challenge you to find a better meal at double the price. And that's why there's a line out the door every lunch
Love this place. I truly can't get enough. It's super tiny, which I think adds to its sheer brilliance. Cooked to order in mere minutes, the ramen is brilliant. The flavors are clear, portions massive and price is ridiculously inexpensive!! Less than $7 a bowl!

The servers are super nice and attentive and they've always got a sweet playlist going that really sets the mood. I'll be back over and over and over again.
Eating Ramen while it's 106 degree heat? Yup, it definitely was the first experience of that. For some weird reason I was craving for some ramen in the middle of night, so decided to give it a shot before leaving Vegas.

Ordered:

1 Shoyu Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=S6GjWA8YTXDsJVdXtLUM6A&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - for those who don't eat pork, this bowl is the way to go!  Chicken based soup that's not too salty and not greasy. The noodles were cooked perfectly, which is always a +.  The only tiny thing they could probably improve on is to have the egg yolk more runny. 

2. Fried Rice (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=EQy8G0ot2T5Vj1nQyFUtAA&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - very good fried rice, yummy tasting, delicious, fatty, but not sure if it's one of the best I've ever had like other review said. 

Would definitely return again on a non-summer day!


Tip: Be prepare to wait cause the long can be long!
For what this place is, it is the best of Vegas!

Staff is friendly.

Food is yummy for ramen (only thing better is buying some ramen at the supermarket 10 for $1!)

Some great soups for a cold Vegas summer night!
I figured I had to try Monta Ramen since it has been considered to be one of the best in Vegas.  It wasn't too crowded when I came by, so my experience went by pretty quick as they were fast to bring out my ramen.

Based on the waitress recommendation I went with their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen --  http://bit.ly/ZgoKXE
I went really simple with this and figured if they can get this right, then everything else should be good.  It was pretty good ramen.  Not really the best I've had though, but still good enough to be very comforting and filling.

I'll have to pay another visit to Monta Ramen again in the future  I'd love to try their rice dishes and all their other hot dishes.  I'll be looking forward to it!
A decent ramen place.  The miso base I got was just too salty for me, and they charge for eggs to be put in the soup.  You can get a tastier and cheaper ramen at Ramen Sora down the street.  Don't really see the huge hype about this place.  It won't be my first choice for ramen.
Purpose of visit: light lunch in anticipation of a big dinner later that night. Ordered a bowl of TonkoTsu ramen with Gyoza And an egg omelette. Service was quick and efficient. We got lucky and were seated before the crowd showed up.usually a wait to sit down in the small restaurant. Ramen flavor was good. Portion was just right for a light lunch. Solid place and very reasonably priced.
Honestly best hole on the wall place in Las Vegas. Not expensive at all. A little wait since the place is always packed. The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen to die for! The broth is rightly season and the pork belly?! Orgasmic! $6.95 fo those noodles? Better than going to Asian Town in LA.
My favorite spot for ramen in LV. Just be prepared for a really long wait, even at 10:30p.

The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen is great, along with our favorite side of Pork Belly Fried Rice.
I figured this place deserved an update after reading my first short and irrelevant review.

Yes, this place is still the best ramen house in Vegas. Y U STILL NO GIVE 5 STARS?!?! Monta is extremely successful and always busy lately. However, they're still stuck in the same small cramped place. Opening a new Monta location would really mitigate the wait time. I also feel that service is a hit and miss (not that its ever been bad, just sometimes its not great.) 

Now here's the best part about Monta: the flavors here are delicious! The four ramen flavors they sell here are Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and Miso. Personally, my favorites are Tonkotsu and Tonkotsu-Shoyu. I love the texture of the thin noodles from the Tonkotsu ramen and sometimes I'm up for the fatty cloudy broth of Tonkotsu, but sometimes I want something a little lighter so I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. Most my friends enjoy the thick noodles so they order the Shoyu or Miso. My recommendation is to order Tonkotsu with kimchi. I feel like the pickled taste of kimchi cuts through the thick taste of Tonkotsu ramen nicely so you get lots of flavor of savory and a little sour from the kimchi. Also try some sesame seeds to get a little nutty taste too!

If you've never had a bowl of authentic ramen, I HIGHLY recommend coming to Monta. If you are a ramen fanatic, I would say this place definitely satisfies the ramen craving. Happy eats!
First time having ramen and this place was a great introduction!  I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with the nitamago (seasoned hard-boiled egg) and double corn.  Delicious.  The broth was not salty, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and the corn and egg complimented the dish.  My companions ordered Kimchi and I've only had Kimchi once before and did not like it; however, the Kimchi at this place was quite yummy. We also ordered the Pork Belly Bowl - also wonderful.  The only complaint I have about Monta Ramen is that it's is a small restaurant.  I think there were only 7 tables and then the space at the bar.  We came at a decent time so we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. I'd definitely come again!
A Vegas institution. Delighted that I discovered it early on, as it's tough to get in these days. Completely addicted to their miso ramen. I once went there straight from the airport after spending a month traveling in South America -- I didn't even drop my suitcase off at home first! This is not a place to linger over a meal, as they try to turn tables quite quickly, but there are plenty of other places nearby where you can get coffee and linger. Fantastic food and very consistent. Limited menu and just some beer and wine, so if you are looking for other items beside miso, some fried rice and some appetizers, I wouldn't choose Monta. However, for the best miso soup in town: Monta all the way. I am so hooked on their food that sometimes I go there twice a week. -- even if I happen to be on the other side of town. Highly recommended.
saw this place on yelp and had to stop by for some hungover ramen! 

i ordered the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and takana fried rice based on the waitress's recommendation and yelp tips.

the ramen was sooo sooo.  i had couple sips of the broth before concluding that it just tastes like salt water.. it wasn't savory at all--- (though i wonder if it's because all the drinking in vegas had obliterated my taste buds) the cha sui was awesome though! that buttery fatty goodness!

i really enjoyed the takana fried rice!  it had that interesting taste from the diced peppers-- i couldn't taste the mustard though....  anywho, it was quite delicious.  

all in all, i would return again.  ramen after drinking is too damn satisfying.
Interested what a bowl of ramen taste like instead of a cup O noodle soup . The best ramen in all of Las Vegas . Only 4 stars though because if your the waitress and you see ten people with bowed heads saying grace before the meal wait till we're done dont yell out " ramen ramen ramen" have some respect.
Monta Ramen is the best is Vegas. Hands down. I've searched around to see if any Vegas ramen joints are better and the answer is a resounding no.

The tonkotsu broth simply can't be beat, and the chasu pork atop the ramen is the most tender I've found. I typically add the corn and the hard-boiled egg (nitamago). If you're in the mood for more than just ramen, the kimchi fried rice and the potstickers are both excellent starters.

This place gets crowded. Like, insanely crowded. Line out the door. If you're planning to stop by for lunch, you better be waiting outside before they open at 11:30am. But even if you do have to wait for a table or a counter seat, trust me, it will be worth it.
Omg, what a great idea to come after a night of hard partying at EDC. My friend found Monta Ramen on Yelp, and once our whole crew woke up from drunken slumber, we hopped in our car and headed straight for ramen!!

I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen which is the most popular and also the Takana friend rice. The soup for the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen was a little bit salty, but the pork was the best thing ever. Wow, it is so tender and tasty, totally worth it- just don't finish the soup. I wish there were more pieces in my ramen, but you can always add more! Also, as recommended by our waitress, the Takana friend rice is a must. It was really delicious and I wish my stomach would have let me eat more. 

Overall, Monta Ramen is a cute little ramen place in the Chinatown/ asia food area off the strip. The food is decent, great for hangovers and the service is also really friendly. Although where we sat is spacious, this place gets super packed. Prepare yourself for a wait because the restaurant is small and can only accommodate a few tables / seating at the bar at a time.
If you are craving ramen in vegas and have a car, this is the place to get it.  It def hits the spot when you are hungover.

i'll give it 4 stars for vegas ramen...although it doesnt come close to the ramen in cali ;)
Favorite Ramen noodle place!! Real Japanese style and flavor. Expect a wait but it's worth it!!
I work at a business where about 30% of the employees are japanese folks, and when I asked "Hey what's the deal with all these ramen places? I had ramen in college and it was not a thing I would like... go out to eat for." I was promptly  A) mocked, as is right and proper, and then B), informed I needed to go to Monta, order the tonkotsu shoyu ramen, and then report back.

It was sort of a life changing experience.

Pros:
- The ramen is soooo goood. I crave it now. Its silky and rich and somehow creamy and succulent and like everything chicken soup ever dreams of being, but it's got pork in it and....auuuhgh....want.
- The price is right. Two bowls of ramen, 2 asahi, about $20. That's a date night right there.
- Once you get a seat, service is fast, and all the servers are super nice.
- Menu had everything spelled out for a ramen-noob rather than making me guess.

Cons:
- The wait to get seated can be kind of a bummer sometimes, but on a cool winter night, it almost just whets the appetite.
- The tonkotsu shoyu is so good I haven't had the heart to try anything new on the menu. I should probably rectify that.

Overall:
I just convinced myself I need ramen for dinner.
I went on the wrong day, it was hot and the wait was long, staff was nice though. and ramen was descent, totally Kaedama-ed it. went to Japanese Zen afterward for laters dinner which was awesome. and since found Fukumimi where i dine often.
HOT! Not sure if their air conditioner is normally off, but it was 94 degrees inside! Hot room with hot ramen is not a good combination. 

The noodles my husband got were salty. Mine were...ehh. I could have done better with a cheap pack of noodles at home and a few eggs.

For $42, not worth it- just for NOODLES!
Yummy is all I have too say!!! Down side, it's always packed... But once you get in and sit down, everything is snappy!!! Like a cook on crack!!!
I've had all types of ramen--and i still love this place.

The broth is light yet filling and the noodles are fresh. It's worth the wait. Definitely get the tonkotsu broth and I always get extra meat, seaweed, and egg~

Just keep in mind that its a tiny place, hard to find parking, and you'll be in line, depending on what time, for at least 30+ minutes
The ramen is good, but the selection is not. They only have fatty pork... Im a beef eater.
This tiny little hole in the wall, is one of Vegas's best kept secrets! It's a absolute MUST, especially during the cooler months. They not only have bomb-ass ramen, but make one of the best kimchi fried rice!!!! Mmmmm yum yum yum! One of my top 5 restaurants in Vegas!
It's all about the pork belly. Doesn't matter if you get the ramen or the rice bowl. Get as much of that delicious, addictive pork belly as you can. While you sit at home, sloshing around to the realization that you ate way too much, the memories of the pork belly will come back, and suddenly you are blissfully at peace.
This place ROX ! The ramen was so good and flavorful but sometimes the ramen comes lukewarm. Maybe because there are too many people sometimes ?
I really enjoy coming here when i can. Tonkotsu ramen with extra Tonkotsu. always leave with a very satisfied stomach. 

Typical ramen prices, great ambience, despite how small the place is, but i still don't mind how busy and loud it can get. Simple, short review for a great ramen house.
Got the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Pork Belly Bowl after looking at Yelp. Thank god I did. To reiterate a review I read, the pork belly was the highlight of the meal. I'm usually not the biggest fan of pork but this dish was insanely good. Salty, sweet, savory. It was absolutely delicious. 

Ramen was good, the broth was a little too salty for me. But the noodles were the perfect consistency and the pickled radish on the side was a good garnish. The meat was really tender with the noodles. 

Overall, wait was a little long but it's understood with the seating capacity, ramen was very good, but the PORK BELLY made this a 5 star for me. 

tl;dr: Get the Pork Belly. That's all.
BEST RAMEN EVERRRRRRRRRR

get the Tonkotsu Ramen (the middle picture) with THICK noodles, it will not disappoint you. I love the chili oil to give that extra spice. I wish they open a monta in OC because there's none here that can compare. I make sure I make time for monta when I'm in town. Don't go in big groups because this place is so small!
Their tonkotsu ramen was really good. The broth was perfect; the pork was melt-in-your-mouth fatty.  It was so good, that before we ended our Vegas trip we returned again.  We tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and pork belly.  Both visits we ordered kimchee on the side and it was good too...not spicy, just refreshing enough to accompany the richness of the pork and broth.
The first few times I came here, I would have given it 4/5 stars. This review is based on my most recent visit.

Monta closed down after failing a health inspection, but opened back up promptly after. I waited a week or so before coming back, but was eager to get my ramen fix. 

The wait time was the usual, maybe 20-25 minutes for dinner time on a weekend. We usually order the Tonkatsu ramen because we don't like how salty the other ones can be. This time, it was very salty, and the ramen might have been a bit overcooked. My boyfriend and I left disappointed with our meal, but we were even more unhappy after getting home.

We didn't have a problem the last handful of times we ate here, but this left us weary of coming back. Maybe we will visit again soon and this review will change, but for now I give it 1/5 stars.
I wanted so much to love this place based on the reviews. Surprisingly the best thing we had here was the char su rice bowl which was awesome. The ramen itself was just way too salty to the point it was barely edible. Friendly and great service otherwise but I hope there is better in vegas
Ramen is delicious.  Thumbs up!
Best noodles in Vegas! Eat here, you will not be disappointed.
I'm not sure what else I can add that won't echo the other 700+ reviews listed for Monta, but the legitimacy of the food here can be proven by the 30+ minute wait in the dead heat of a Vegas summer.

Monta is tiny and maybe seats about 50 people-pretty sure the max occupancy sign inside the restaurant said 70, but they'd be pushing it. The service is quick and no frills but friendly. The menu is simple-there are four types of ramen and a variety of appetizers and alternative dishes like kimchi fried rice, gyoza, cold noodles and a pork belly bowl. Ramen comes with add ons like seasoned egg (SO GOOD), mustard greens, scallions, extra pork belly, corn and butter. 

The broths are rich and flavorful and it's hard for me to pinpoint a favorite, but if I had to pick the tonkotsu-shoyu would probably be it. The noodles have that perfect ramen texture-chewy and slurpy, in a good way!

Because of the size of the space, it can be an intimate dining experience with complete strangers particularly if you sit at the bar. But it's also one of those places that solo dining isn't awkward and can actually be to your benefit when there is a line out the door.

Monta is your spot for legit ramen with no pretense!
Love the noodles.  Best ramen I've had.  The pork belly is also excellent.  You can't really go wrong.  Yes, it is small and yes there will be a line, but it is worth it.
Amazing noodles!!! Love the miso ramen ... Added seaweed and flavored egg! Yum!  Order the pork belly bowl too!
According to Yelp, Monta appears to be the most popular ramen joint in Vegas. If this place were relocated to Little Tokyo in DTLA, Sawtelle Blvd. or Gardena/Torrance, I doubt it would even make the mid-tier.

Hits:
* Mildly impressed by the Tonkotsu ramen -- the broth was greasy and creamy, but not completely full-bodied... definitely not worth the half hour wait and hype
* Ramen is cheap (~$7), since the portion sizes are small -- if you're still craving more noodles, add another serving for $1.50
* Order the overpriced hot green tea ($3) and you'll be amazed that the aluminum can is still hot... Apparently the Japanese vending machine keeps the can warm
* The servers are good about splitting the check, and you can pay with card

Lessons Learned:
* Why are all ramen restaurants so tiny?? This place can seat 20 at a time, and does not easily accommodate to parties larger than 4 (my party of 6 barely fit at the bar counter)
* Prepare to wait -- we waited half an hour coming here at 5p on a Monday night
* While the waitress was nice, she seemed really distracted -- In between taking my friend's order, she rushed into the kitchen and then came back 5 minutes later to resume taking down his order... weird
* The ajitama ($1 for half an egg -.-) is not included and was slightly overcooked.. lame!
* I think there was one Japanese chef in the show kitchen -- the rest were Latino/a ... reminded me of Tatsu Ramen

I think I'll stick to pho when I'm in Vegas from now on.
I've heard very good things about Monta. The wait was pretty long because it's a pretty small place but it was worth it. I got the Miso ramen and it was pretty good but too salty for me. Next time I go I'll be sure to try a different one.
Excellent!!! Small menu but perfect selection and very good prices!  
You almost always have to wait to be seated. Very small but worth the wait. 
Once you sit...very quick and friendly service!  A must!!!
Ramen houses are great and it's nice to see this one.  One of best I've been too.  The soup stock is amazing and I tried them all.  I like the Tonkotsu and the Shio ones the best.  Toppings are nice and fresh.  Prices are cheap.  You can tell that this is a good place since there is always a line outside.  They do have limited seating, but seem to deliver the food quickly.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I make it here despite all the other ramen choices.
Delicious! I love ramen even when it's 105 F. Went around 12PM there was about at 10 minute wait. I didn't mind because I read reviews that there was always a line. Sat at the bar and watch the chefs prep and cook. They were extremely busy and it never slowed down. The broth was balanced and flavorful and noodles cooked perfectly. I will be back next time I am in Vegas! A must go if you're in the area!
Small hole in the wall place, worth searching for. Limited menu, awesome place if you're craving for ramen.  Small menu, very reasonable.  every time I've been there I had to wait about 15 min.worth the wait
What else can I say that hasn't been said yet? Yes, the wait is usually long. Yes, it is a small restaurant. And mostly yes, the amazing food makes up for all of that!!!!! 

First timers DO NOT be turned off by the first impression. It is worth it all I it!!!!!
Yumm! The Tonkatsu broth is definitely worth trying. 

I recently relocated to Las Vegas from Northern California and the first craving I had to fulfill was for ramen. Monta Ramen definitely hit the spot!

BE WARNED: They're a bit inconsistent with their soup unfortunately. The first few times were delicious, but the last two times we have gone it was wayy too salty! I could feel the salt burning the back of my throat.
I tried this place out because my friends frequent this place especially during Saturday mornings after pick up basketball. Anyway, I had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and the Chasu Pork Bowl. 

I'm not a food critic in any way but comparing it to Sora, I can notice a lot of differences. One is well Sora doesn't have Tonkotsu Shoyu in the menu. But with Monta's serving I was quite disappointed. The broth felt greasy and almost instantly left a line of fat/grease on my lips. Although it is good, certain people don't like that feeling when eating. It is creamy and rich but Minus points on the grease. The pork on the Ramen Bowl is only one slice hidden behind bamboo shoots and mushrooms. If I didn't dig through the bowl I wouldn't have even found it. The noodles were okay, but it felt like as if they were just about cooked when the chef took it out from the pot. It felt as if it needed about a minute more in cooking. The server was very nice, refilling our water glasses almost every time we downed a glass. So fast it felt like she was on a mission. The Chasu Bowl was very good however, the shredded Nori on top was surprising and the meat was tender and tasty. It was sweet on the outside part of the cut just how Chasu should taste like. I wasn't blown away by the food but it was a good meal for a hungry man like me. I'd give Monta a second try but probably would not be my go-to Ramen joint.
I love eating here. Whenever I'm craving Ramen, I know to hit up Monta. Their place is rather small and it's quite popular, so if they could just get another bigger location or something, it would be perfect. Sometimes there's a long wait, so it's a hassle to sit outside in the heat, but once we're in, and we have our food, it's all worth it! The food is inexpensive and delicious! I only want to also add that if your order is less than $10 or something, you cannot use your card, which was a huge inconvenience for me twice when I went.
Kinda stumbled into this place after a massage. Super packed when we walked in, but we were seated right away at the bar. Service was quick and prompt. Menu was small which allows you to make a quick choice. Husband and I both ordered fried rice. His was the Kimchi, mine was the T-something fried rice (with mustard greens, yum!). We both enjoyed our food very much and it came out pretty quick. I definitely recommend if you are looking for noodles...if you are low carb, there aren't many options for you. Wish we could have tried the Ramen, too. It looked delicious!
I want to start by subtracting the one star because the restaurant was uncomfortably hot - at least where I was seated, it was. I was at the end of the bar practically inside the kitchen. There was a wait, as usual, but as usual, the wait is worth it. I brought a ramen enthusiast friend from out of town. He ordered the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with egg and I ordered the tonkatsu ramen with mustard greens. We also split an order of the pork belly over rice. LET ME TELL YOU. This pork belly over rice was so silky and delicious that I didn't want my ramen anymore. I didn't even need the pork belly. The oils and the flavors of the pork just sinks into the rice and the rice alone is OUT OF THIS WORLD. The ramen is no joke either. The texture of the noodles stays perfect throughout the entire meal. They don't become so bloated with soup that they turn into mush. I hate mushy noodles. My friend ate his entire ramen bowl down to the last drop of soup! Now heed this warning: The portion sizes are not of America! If you think you are going to get this huge bowl of unfinishable noodles and broth, YOU'RE A GLUTTON. The portion size is just right and leaves you with JUST enough room for you to share an appetizer and have a cup of tea. This isn't the type of place for socializing. Eat your noodles and GTFO so that all of the other hopeful patrons can share a piece of the heaven that you have just experienced.
Best ramen spot in Vegas. The restaurant is small but that's what I like about it. The food is really good. I always get the miso ramen with thin noodles,corn and nitamago "soft boiled egg". Also the gyoza is really good. If your looking for a great local Asian spot this is for you.
Solid ramen joint. Small place away from the Vegas Strip (you'll need to cab it). Two kinds of noodles - if you're looking for the standard noodle, it's the bigger one. The chashu was really good, super tender. The nitamago was done really well. I had the tonkatsu-shoyu broth, which I liked a lot. My sister had the miso broth - SUPER SALTY!!
This is by far the best ramen I ever had in USA, must try if you are in Vegas!
Not sure what took me so long to try Monta but it was definitely worth the wait. I had the Tonkatsu ramen and kimchee fried rice....delicious Definitely one of the few gems in Las Vegas. Outstanding
I came here on a recent trip for a trade show and my friend suggested I come here to eat...it was only a 2 day tradeshow but I came both days for Lunch! I love the Chasu Pork Bowl & Pork Belly Bowl! Definitely a hidden treasure oasis in the desert!
The ramen in Japan is better, of course, but this is very close!!! Very good ramen. It's just WAYYY too small and I don't like how they charge extra for the egg and such. In Japan it came with it!
My first time here and I can say this: 
I WILL BE BACK AGAIN. 
The place is a little small, you have to wait get a spot to sit but: 
The food is hot and fresh, it is coming out quick from the kitchen. 
The two servers are making sure your drink is full. 
All in all great food great time. 
Come here :)
Place is very good but have had better in NY.  I would still recommend it tho. It's a small restaurant tho and wait is long.  If I really have a craving and am in the neighborhood I would come back.
If youre tired of the food on the strip and craving ramen this is the spot. From what the locals tell me the line can be insane at times. I came late night and to my surprise the restaurant was packed.

I didn't expect ramen in Vegas to be up par with LA and Bay Area. The ramen varieties were limited to only 4: Shio, Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Tonkatsu Shoyu.  I've been spoiled by Ramen Parlor with variety.  Definitely worth checking out if you have a ramen craving and in try Las Vegas surrounding area.
Take my wallet and give me all your food!

This is the best ramen restaurant I've ever been to. My favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu. Their fried rice is also extremely delicious. I repeat, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS. I could eat here every single day if I could!

Trust me yelpers, it is worth it!
Fell in love with ramen after trying in LA. Tot we could try monta too. Man, it was yummilicious! Ordered tonkatzu broth n the charsiew is 1 of the best ever. Melts in the mouth. Try the fried rice! It was abit salty but it taste good n yummy. Been thinking of monta ramen all the time n ever since our first visit, we been back always when we visit vegas. Good for small group thou as the place isnt big. Must try!!
Horrible, horrible service. They can't keep in order. Waited more than hour after we sat down. All the foods on the menus are greasy and salty. Not worth the wait and money.
The ramen here is just 5 star perfect, flavors are delicate and unique, Gyoza is perfect too. Usually packed to the max, waitress is super rude with some BS attitude, wonder where it came from. Wish they were friendlier, would make this place a 5 star.
Amazing!  And I have to say some of the best pork I've ever had at a ramen restaurant.  It's unctuous and meltingly tender!

So hubby and I are sort of ramen fanatics and have had ramen all over the ramen hot spots in the US- Ippudo and Totto Ramen in NYC; Daikokuya, Tsujita, Ramen Jinya, Santouka, Hakata Ramen, Mottainai in LA.

And this place is probably the best ramen we've had, perhaps second to Totto ramen.  Their tonkotsu- shoyu ramen is awesome, I love the mix of the pork and chicken flavors.  They cook the noodles just right, and of course, the pork is to die for.  I also love how cheap the ramen is.  

This place made me so happy after our 9 hour crazy traffic filled ride from LA!
This is THE Best place for ramen. Their cold noodle is amazing on a hot day/night. Definitely a must try. This place is small and horrible for large groups. The wait is always long. But worth it! If you come hungry,  you'll be starving by the time your get food. Guaranteed. Hmm maybe that's why its so good? The ramen broth is delicious, I know you can choose between a few, but you can't really go wrong with anything you order. As appetizers, the goyza is a nice touch, as well as the kimchi fried rice. I love how you can see into the kitchen from the dining area. Makes me feel just a bit better that my food is being cooked properly. I would like to give it a half star less for being such a small place, but I guess you can't blame them for being so popular. I hope they expand!
This is another go to lunch spot for us. Spring Mtn restaurants are close to his work so we frequent them every so often. This is one of our faves!!

They open at 1130AM. But don't wait to come then get there before! There is always a line by 1115-1120 when I usually am nonchalantly rushing to the line in fear I'll miss my window of opportunity to enjoy my oh so fabulous bowl of noodles. It is small and fills up fast and they don't seat you unless your whole party is there which sends me into another panic until The boyfriend shows up and I can breathe again. Also they only seat singles at the bar heads up, no table for you, no room for your laptop, this is not a working lunch spot. In and out. Once you're done you'll feel the eyes stating at you till you leave with your head down feeling like you might have taken just a little too long to enjoy your grub. 

The service is always spot on and fast. Sometimes they ask if its ok sometimes not, I don't care though its always good! Sometimes being the first customers the wait for the food is sometimes sluggish with all the orders going in at once but I understand and gives us time to chat and admire the others. I always get my Ramen with corn and butter hold the shrooms. Yea I know they're not poisonous but these shrooms are just weird to me. The Boyfriend gets the Pork Belly Bowl and always shares generously, we'd have a fight on our hands if he didn't. This thing is to die for! Yummy baconey porky deliciousness! You won't regret it!
Delicious, simple ramon
The food is amazing but the service isn't that great. I always love the food here, it's the best in Vegas. Their one in Henderson is better, but the service here depends on who's working. But other than that the food is great. Haven't had time to try the new soup yet, but I will pretty soon.
This was recommended by a friend to try when we visited Las Vegas, and she did not steer us wrong. Best tasting broth (I had the Tonkotsu) and noodles ever!  And the pork slices just melted in your mouth.  Wow!  Delicious!!  What a memorable lunch.  Unless you don't  mind waiting, I would recommend not going at noon as we did because there was a line out the door to be seated. Once the crowd cleared out and we were seated, it didn't take much time to get our food.  We'll be back on our next visit!
If I live here, I would be so fat from eating tonkatsu ramen everyday.  Their tanaka fried rice was delicious!  The noodles was great, not over cooked.  The ingredients were great.  The service was courteous and prompt.  Their is usually a line, but well worth the wait.
Love this place. I was craving some ramen and decided to yelp a place. I am so glad I did. Not only was the broth yummy, the prices were reasonable.

I got the miso ramen. Full of flavor and they have lots of noodles.

My hubby got the pork belly bowl. He really enjoyed it. The pork flavor was spot on.

We got an order of fried rice, that was ok. 

Overall good food, good service. The place is small, but I can look past it because it was so good!
Small ramen restaurant but can definitely hit the spot. Be sure to account for the wait but if you want to sit at the bar you might get lucky. Would recommend going during off peak hours so you can get seated quick. The ramen isn't as salty as others but it is still pretty tasty. I didn't leave this place thirsty like I normally do for other ramen places.
Mmm, monta! Get in mah belly!

+Authentic Japanese ramen shop off the strip. I mean who would have thought?! The waitresses and head chef are Japanese and speak it fluently. Always a good sign!

+Monta has 4 soup broth to choose from: Tonkotsu, tonkotsu-shoyu, shoyu, and miso. Always nice to have varieties since I'm sick of just eating tonkotsu at every single ramen shop. My boyfriend and I both ordered Tonkotsu-Shoyu but I opted for chijire men (thick, wavy noodles) and it was awesome! The noodles had great consistency and the soup was spot on.

+Their 6 piece gyoza tasted like legit ramen shop gyozas. Yum!


-Limited seatings. There are four desks that seats four people, one desk that seats two people, and 9 seats available at the counter.

-Line forms even before opening! My boyfriend and I got to Monta a little too early around 11AM. We were waiting in the car and people started trickling in around 11:15AM and there was mini line formed already before opening! Since it's limited seating, the people in line will fill up the restaurant and there will be constant flow of customers/wait time during lunch peak hours.

-I read someone's review that they had great fried rice so I ordered it but it was a-okay. I've had better ramen shop fried rice before so I will not order it again if I visit Monta.

Monta needs to definitely open a shop in LA. Cannot wait to eat Monta until my next visit to Vegas!
This place has tasty ramen, which is why it gets 3 stars just for taste. However it's not  all that unique or the best but but it's quite good. I've been here a couple times and for the price I wish you got a larger portion. The tonkotsu ramen tasted more like fatty grease than a pork flavor, the server recommends the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and I understood why. 
The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is better but what is a peeve of mine is that recently when I get to-go (because the place is so small and gets crowded), they get really skimpy with a good piece of chashu! I always get extra chashu and if I'm lucky I get a piece that isn't 45% jiggly fat, and they're small pieces maybe 2in diameter of thin meat. And to top it off sometimes it's not even a discernible piece but a broken up tiny lump of fat-meat that's supposed to be the last remaining 3 out  of 6 pieces... which surely didn't look like 3 pieces.

Overall I think it's overrated and a little overpriced for the amount of soup/noodles and meat given along with a very "fat" tasting meal but hey that's flavor I suppose. I might come back every once in a while unless I find someplace better although it would be further away.
Great food, quick service and fantastic prices!
I came here based on their rave Yelp reviews. 

I arrived their around 9pm on Friday. This place was so packed! I had to put my name down on a waiting list. While waiting, I checked out their menu. The menu is super simple and that's the way I like it, meaning whatever that's on the menu, must be good.

I ordered Chicken broth ramen with BBQ pork. I asked for the thick wavy noodles instead of the thin ones. Although not a big fan of pork, their pork was very flavorful and melted in my mouth. Marinated egg's yolk was still soft in the middle. Amazing! 
$6.95 bowl of perfection (egg extra $1.50)

I will be back to try out other dishes for sure. :) YUUUUMMMMM!
When I think of Ramen, I think of Instant Cup O Noodles or the Pre Packaged ones that you pay like 5 bucks for a big bulk box at Wal Mart.

Not until a friend of my wife mentioned this place that we stopped by to check it out. That's when I found out that this is not your ordinary dollar store ramen. 

Their menu is pretty simple. You pick which noodle bowl you want, choose whatever you want to add to it (like a hard boiled egg for example) for an extra charge of course.

They also have other items like gyoza (pot stickers) and fried rice.

Service is above average and it should be because you can only fit so many people in this tiny place. So slow service with an excuse of "Sorry, we are really busy today"  will not fly with me. Memo to those that eat here: Once you're done eating, please pay and move on with your life! I have seen people finish their meal and proceed to just shoot the breeze for another 15 to 20 minutes while you have 6 to 10 people waiting for a spot.

Some random info. Make sure to sign in to your right as soon as you come in so they know who got next. Don't just stand there and expect for them to remember if you came in before somebody else. If you see lots of people outside just standing there, chances are you will be waiting for a bit before getting a table. For those that are chopstick challenged like me, they will not give you a fork unless you ask because you are already given chopsticks by default. All the condiments you need like sesame seeds, soy sauce, etc are right there on your table.

So you see their operation is simple. It's just that their space might seem constricting especially if you have claustrophobia.
we love going to this place, yummy food for sure.
So I went to Monta twice last week due to them adding two new flavors and I had to try them.  

Kuro Ramen:  Kuro means "black" for all you japanophiles.  The color comes from them adding Ma-yu (not to be confused with ra-yu), which is sesame oil with roasted garlic which gives it garlic flavor while adding blackish color.  To be quite honest, this ramen was not good at all.  I was expecting a punchy garlic flavor which it had very little of, and the broth....damn....what happened?  It was bland.  It taste as bland as Ramen Shoku's tonkotsu.  I had to believe that they were using a different broth for this ramen as I tasted my daughter's tonkotsu and it was totally different.  I would give it 2 stars.  Pretty crappy ramen if you ask me.  I would NOT recommend it.  

Spicy Tokotsu Ramen:  This is somewhat similar to spicy miso at Ramen Sora in a way tha they just add spicy miso which you can mix to give it a little kick.  The base Tokotsu ramen is identical and I enjoyed the extra spicy kick to the regular rich tonkotsu broth.  It was also moderately spicy (for me), and I liked the fact that the spicy miso was viscous enough that I could adjust the amount of kick I wanted as I didn't want ALL of it.  I would give it solid 4+ stars for it.  

With all that Monta has done to Las Vegas' ramen scene, I would still give them a 4, even though their new Kuro ramen was a complete failure.  

I'm also finding that ramen chefs of recent has become noticeably hispanic, and ramen noodles seem to be a bit overcooked for my taste.  If I see that the noodle isn't as firm as I like it next time, I will drop them down to 3 stars....watch out Monta...there are some real competitions now.
best ramen I've ever had.
Not too fatty or salty, just perfect
I think besides there's just one other ramen place to compare this to in Vegas and I haven't been to the other one yet. Came here for a late lunch and waited for about 10 mins as the place is small. Not going to compare this to places in LA since I've had better. We ordered their fried rice with pork to start off and I'd have to say it's definitely one of the best I've had. Delicious and plenty of taste with this dish. I would have to order it again the next time I come.

I ordered their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen which means "pork bone and special shoyu base" ramen. Bowl size and portion was just perfect but I could've easily ordered another set of ramen because I was that hungry that day but controlled myself. Soup based wise, it was kind of salty. Ramen though was perfect and the mix of chashu and egg was perfect since I usually have these at other ramen restaurants. 

If you're in the mood for a good ramen place while you're in Vegas visiting, Monta Ramen is the place to check out. Though soup base can be a bit salty meaning it's probably because of too much MSG, taste wise of the noodles can't go wrong.
Its nice to try out Ramen in different places .. they all have their style of perfecting it.
I love coming here, especially on a rainy day.

It is very small and there is usually a wait, but eating here is such a quick process.  It won't be very long.

We usually sit at the counter in which you can watch them prepare your food.  I am that white girl that asks for a fork. :( Lol.  The menu is very small, but delicious.  I usually get the Miso Ramen and kim chee fried rice.  The pork is so good, it melts in your mouth.  My mouth is watering as I write this!

The staff is always welcoming & service is good.

Only thing is I wish they had dessert.
Very fast service.  It is worth it if you are in a hurry. The ramen is good. The texture of the noodles is great.
Love love love this place! Add butter, green onions, and some spicy sesame oil to the Tonkatsu ramen....and Voila!
We can here on a Thursday afternoon and waited about 45 minutes.

I don't understand what the hype is here.  I've had way better ramen back home.
The best I've had outside of my home state of Hawaii. Ultra authentic, clean and delicious.
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE RAMEN PLACE IN VEGAS!

I keep coming back for either the Pork Belly bowls or the Tonksu Shoyu! The taste and flavor always amazes me, I've tried soo many other ramen places but this one takes the cake! And adding extra sides is not the bad on price!
Really savory ramen soup, all the positive reviews about this place are true. You can choose any of the soups and you will be receiving nothing but the best delicious flavor. 

I went during the late evening hours and it was busy, u could get lucky n just wait 5 min to be seated but could be a rare case. 

Overall great Ramen Soup in town!!!!
Oh so good. If you can grab a table or chair at the bar, then eat here. It's a small ramen restaurant, like the ones you find in Japan. The noodles and broth are excellent. If you only get 1 bowl of ramen, choose one with pork broth. It is way better than the light-tasting chicken broth. This is a great off-the-strip lunch and worth the drive. Get in the know and hit up this place!
This is what Tonkatsu Ramen is all about. We got here about 20 minutes before opening and got in line. We ended up with primo spots at the bar. I've been on a kick looking for the best Ramen I can find. I'll continue looking for even better Ramen. I'm off to another place tonight. However, at this point, I have yet to find anything this good.
The pork and egg were perfect. I'd like to see the egg marinated a little. The broth nearly perfect. The noodles truly excellent. I can see why there is a line here.

Broth - A-
Noodles - A-
Egg - A-
Pork - A
Additions - B
I am a HUGE RAMEN LOVER!

Living in Honolulu, we have really good Ramen restaurants here and after visiting New York City last year, my Ramen standards are a lot higher and whenever I'm in another city I always make it a point to have my Ramen fix. Last March I visited Ramen Sora and it was good but I think Ramen Monta beats it by far!

After a day of shopping at all the trader Joe's with my girlfriend Mochi we decided to have lunch at Ramen Monta because she knew how much I love my Ramen and it was a bit cold that day. The wait wasn't quit as long as she thought it would be because we beat the lunchtime rush so we were seated within a few minutes. 

I got their new spicy Ramen and my girlfriend ordered the regular tonkatsu Ramen, we also ordered a side of the menchenko eggs with rice. The quality of noodle is good, very thin and soft and the broth is like buttery, not to salty, not to oily and so smooth and soothing. I think the broth is what makes a good quality Ramen. The price is also just right because for all 3 items I paid about $20 not including tip. Workers are very sweet and the food comes out quick...Be sure to go early because as we were eating and it got more towards lunch time, the line started forming.

I was raving about this place so much to my boyfriend who didn't come with us because he was sleeping back in the hotel room, so suxx for him. I will be sure to hit this place back up on the next Vegas trip.
I'm writing this review from Oakland, Ca. I was living in Las Vegas a few years back and I remember eating here. The ramen was so delicious. I still think about it. Here in the San Francisco Bay Area I have yet to find as good a ramen, even though there's a Japantown in SF. I am constantly disappointed.  The only other ramen that compares is in Torrance, Ca. I heard about on in Berkeley,  but it's $16 a bowl. I miss your ramen. :(
I love ramen, but their food has enough oil to fuel your car on your way back home. Their noodles are so gooood. They don't have that "instant" noodle flavor like some restaurants do. I will always come back, but why does it have to be so fattening!?! -_-
So glad my Partner For Good Times had to experience this quality ramen here after being disappointed going the the Ramen Fest and not having ramen because of the long line just for the food ticket to get the ramen.  Forget that! 
Considering this would be my PFGT's experience with quality ramen, I punched in best ramen on Google and Monta came up.  Typical ramen shop.  Small and yet comfortable.  Just after lunch but was still 90% full but sat almost immediately in the corner table. Perfect.  I ordered Asahi, gyoza, Tonkutsu Shoyu Ramen for me and Miso Ramen for her.  Gyoza came out first and that was decent gyoza.  Ramen came in about 10 minutes.  The smell was outrageous but that first taste before I added the 3 pepper blend was insane!  I told my PFGT, "This is Ramen!" Her Miso Ramen was just as good.  Needless to say, down to the last slurp of the broth, I would definitely go back!  Prices are fantastic!
What do I like about this place....everything
Fantastic ramen joint only a mile from the strip. Small (don't bring more than 4 people) and authentic.

Pork belly bowl and kimchi fried rice are great to share and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen is comparable with the best around the country. Go with the Shoyu if you want a lighter broth.

Tip: Very hard to get a cab back to the strip during busy times.
This is a tiny place that seats maybe 20 people and then another 8 or so at the counter bar area.  If you think you're going to be clever by getting there right when they open for lunch, you really need to get there right when they open, not 10 minutes after they open!  We arrived at 11:32am on a Saturday as a party of 5 and were the first guests and thought "Hey, that was easy! Maybe this place doesn't get that busy for Saturday lunch?"  Suddenly, over the next 5 minutes, several other parties of 2 or 3 people came in one right after another and the place was suddenly full!  If you arrived at 11:40am, you were then looking at a wait of 30-45 minutes until the initial parties were served, ate and left.  So go early!

The ramen was good.  I do wish they would give you more than 2 thin slices of roasted pork.  I don't know that I'd go again if the wait was over 15 minutes though.  (I actually really like the ramen at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's where you can request all you want roasted pork (since it's a buffet!).  The slow cooked broth there is unexpectedly and surprisingly really good too.)
We waited for about 30 minutes which was expected from the reviews on yelp. We got seated at the counter and ordered, small fried rice, small pork belly rice, gyoza, shoyu ramen & tonkotsu shoyu ramen. 
The gyoza was flavorful and good! 
The pork belly bowl was ok... But the fried rice and ramen was a complete disappointment! The soup is nothing but BLAND!!!!! :( no richness at all..
Will defiantly not be back
Best ramen in Vegas. The broth is flavorful and the sides are great as well. If you're not in the mood for hot noodles, give the cold noodles with the yuzu dipping sauce a try. I'm always amazed by how cheap our bill is with everything we order!
Monta ramen!! Yes. Definitely a ramen spot to be addicted too. The pork belly bowl really hits the spot and the ramen ain't too bad either. I'd definitely go back. If you're one of the ramen fans out there. I'd suggest to give this a try. Good eats here :)
So far the best ramen I've tasted in las Vegas.  Shoyu-tonk ramen is my favorite.  I've tried all four broth flavors and I always order the shoyu-tonk.  The fried rice is good too.
Love this place !!! Even though it's kindda small. So we always have to wait to get to sit down. But that doesn't stop us from going back there from time to time :).
You can't beat their quality, taste, and price! This is a MUST go to place for my husband and I whenever we go to Vegas. We will gladly pay the 30 can fare to get here. The pork belly literally melts in your mouth! So good!! Can't wait to go back!!!
Hey Monta, you make some good Ramen, just saying.

It took me some time to finally try this place. For one, I didn't know of its existence until after it was open for some time, and I had a hard time finding it. It is inside of a plaza where I had a hard time locating it, but you just have to make sure you make the turn into the plaza or the little street next to the plaza.

My friends that have tried Monta beforehand liked it enough where I had some expectations for this place. It didn't have to be rated G-A-F, but it had to be tasty. The first time I came, I just got a bowl of their tonkatsu ramen and I must say, I was one happy guy afterwards. The noodles were pretty good, their egg made me happy, their pork melted in my mouth, but the broth is what impressed me. The broth was probably my favorite part about the meal. Needless to say, I finished the whole bowl, soup and all! I was really happy. 

The next few times I came, I started customizing and ordering different things on the menu. I added more noodles the next few times, got some of their fried rice, gyoza, added some corn to my soup, just customizing things to the point where I was happy! Their fried rice was pretty tasty. The kimchi fried rice may not be for everyone, because unless you like kimchi, you may not like it. Adding various things to your ramen makes it takes a lot better and funner to eat since it has more color and just the feeling of being able to customize your food just makes it that much better. 

If you want to try some ramen and you're in the area, I highly recommend Monta. The only downside is that the restaurant is fairly small and during peak hours, you should expect a wait. People get turned away from places that have waits, but if you think about it, why do they have waits? It is small, but people keep going back because the food is delicious, it's as simple as that.
Excellent broth for the raman I'm highly recommend it. The meat is very tender, the noodles has just enough tenderness and chewiness to it.
We were here just now trying to get a table waiting over 40 min. They kept telling us we cant get a table because all our party wasnt here. we were party of 3 and only 2 of us were here and out of nowhere she seats a group of 5 ppl who only 4 of their party member in the restaurant. If u have been telling us that we couldnt seat becauae not all our parties were there dont seat other ppl whose parties arent all there!! Wasted our time and ruin the night.
Tonkatsu, Shoyu, Oh MY!  There is genuine reason why people line up on a daily basis before Monta opens. This restaurant is incredible. The food is sublime in its simplicity and authenticity. Ramen is such a wonderful and satisfying dish that when it is executed with the depth of flavor and consistency of Monta, it is something to celebrated.

Their Tonkatsu Ramen is absolutely incredible with regards to the depth of flavor and the value. Their ingredients taste fresh and appear to be well handled. It is very easy to go overboard with the additions of hard boiled egg, kim-chee, and more pork. The complimentary pickled ginger is so delicious. I know it is made in-house, I wish I could buy it and take it home!
Food was awesome every time I've been there.  The only down side is that the place is about the size of small master bedroom....so get there eary be prepared to wait.. decause it is worth it
What can I say about Monta. I used to like it. Unfortunately, "used to," is the key word. Today, I keep coming back expecting their classic ramen, best broth, and perfected simplicity. But I now must admit all I have come to expect is disappointment. I have been coming here for about 2-3 years. But now I can't help but second guess my decisions. 

The service here has seemed to have gone down the drain. They give so much attitude and don't really care about the customers. You are rushed to order and if you have any problems or questions you are met with eye rolls and sighs. I'm not a picky eater, not at all, but service is key. 

Now to the food. I remember the food they used to have was great. Unfortunately that didn't seem to translate over time. Like watching the slow death of a once great king, the food quality has seemed to die too.  Over salty broth, oily broth, boiled gyoza, and an appalling meat to rice ratio on their side dishes. What happened? WHAT HAPPENED? 

To this I'm sorry Monta... You have lost me. I used to defend you feverishly against other ramen places but now... You have betrayed me. So to all you newbies that rave and praise this "new" monta. You can have it. I will leave this place in the past.
My friend said this was like stepping into a noodle shop in Tokyo--so it turned out to be an adventure for us.  We got there around 10pm on a Friday night and the parking lot was jam packed, with some crazy drivers circling round and round for a space.  Friend got in sooner than I did and found two seats at the counter, but she was hassled a bit by the server she called the soup Nazi, who demanded to know how much longer before I showed up.  (I was parking for goodness sake.)  People were starting to line up outside the door, it's such a tiny place.  We both ordered to tonkatsu ramen, mine with butter and corn, which added to the rich broth.  I keep forgetting to tell them to hold the bamboo shoots.  The chashu was tasty, but just a bit on the chewy side and it's worthy of a youtube video to see me try to separate it with my hashi or do the bite and yank technique while slurping the noodles and broth.  Fun experience pretending we were in a Japan noodle house. We'll go back to try a different broth and see if the chashu is more tender earlier in the day.
Good ramen is a warm hug from a beautiful friend!

I have ramen every 10 days religiously, but I frequent another ramen shop down the street a bit and had never been in Monta previously.  Monta is very good...they do you a solid here with their flavors.  The cramped little space and bustling turnover carries a positive energy with it... if you aren't waiting at rush hour.  That being said, Monta is not my favorite, and while I would happily come back, I probably won't too often since my favorite is so close.

I am all about the miso ramen, so I enjoyed that here as well.  I read Yuhi K.'s review before ordering so I also enjoyed the mentaiko and made sure to use togarashi.  These were excellent suggestions so I'll pass them on as well, but check out her review for more details.  

The bottom line for me was that the broth lacked the deep, developed flavors you can get elsewhere, but they have some great options--especially for the kosher minded.  I have had a couple experiences where an individual I try to take to ramen isn't into the traditional pork broth.  Monta takes care of that by offering chicken base.  Monta also has some bar seating with an open kitchen...a great place to dine solo.
While visiting Las Vegas I was doing research on Ramen restaurants on yelp and kept reading about everyone who had a positive and delicious experience at Monta Ramen.  Today I made the trip with my brother.  We got here about 10 minutes after they opened and found the last remaining table.  The place was already packed.  After looking at the menu I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which is a rich pork broth with two slices of melt in your mouth pork with wood-ear mushrooms and scallions.  I added the Nitamago which is a seasoned hard-boiled egg.  This meal did not disappoint.  It came to the table within 10 minutes and was a great looking bowl of ramen.  Very savory and fresh.  We also had the Gyoza  which is a pan-fried pork and vegetable dumpling.  My brother ordered the Takana pork-fried rice.  This rice was a nice addition to our ramen bowls.  

Just a note:  As our ramen bowls were delivered I looked up and noticed that Monta Ramen must have a lot of fans because the little doorway was filled with people waiting to eat but the line also went out the door.   Knowing what I do now about how delicious this ramen is I would have gladly waited outside for my turn to enjoy this bowl.  

Monta Ramen will definitely be on my list to visit the next time I come to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to bring my wife here.  Very affordable.  I recommend.
Quick cheap and good.  Just the way I ilkes it.  This place is tiny; the seating is limited, so they can't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  Once seated, however, I had a surprisingly generous amount of space -- didn't feel crowded like I do at some places.  On the recommendation of a friend, I had the kimchi fried rice and pot-stickers.  I liked them both.   I was a bit leery at first because the odor from kimchi made just about every other way is a real turn-off for me, but I had no problem with it in this case.
Yummy! Ramen noodles! The broth is sup@ delicious. If you like Minchin, the have an awesome dish of Kmchi fried rice!
If you have small children they welcome the challenge to win them over with their house specialties. Ask the wait svc for the winning dishes...some clippings of news articles are hung up by the door which also informs you of what's good!
One important tip...if you see that it's packed you must go to the podium and sign in. 
And FYI it is a very quaint place (small) Seats are limited. And prepare to be face down in a bowl of Something Wonderful!
I miss you sooooo much Monta.  The ramen here in Florida is like well...terrible.  I would do just about anything to sip your broth, slurp your noodles, the pork, the egg, the everything.....me sad.
Very good ramen.  The thick noodles were not very thick however which was disappointing because I LOVE thick noodles.
Awesome little ramen bar. Super quick clean and authentic. Amazing flavors. Will return soon and often.
I love me some ramen!

Put this on the favorite, and must eat at spots while in Vegas.  The place is small, so don't come in a group larger than 4.  Upon coming in, put your name on the clipboard and expect to wait, but well worth it!

Santouka (LA), Ippudo (NYC), Umaido (ATL) are my other favorites, and each one is different and good in their own way.

Be sure to add extra pork, egg, and butter!  Gyoza was delish as well!
First time trying ramen in Las Vegas and came to this highly recommended hole in the wall spot. But to my husband and my disappointment the ramen was mediocore. He had the Tonkotsu and I had Miso. We both thought it was too salty. However we shared a Kimchi fried rice and it was delicious! 
We have much better ramen spots here in California.
I live  on the east coast and have been looking for an authentic ramen house to no avail. Until last night!! We sat at the bar and drooled the whole five minutes it took to get our bowl of heaven. I wish I lived here just for the ramen. Its not fair. Why can't I find one close to home!!!!????
Just gotta say, my favorite ramen place in town!  Always the miso ramen but I have tried all their other stuff and I have not any complains
This small, bustling hole in the wall is serving up some of the best meals under $10 in Vegas. 

There's only a handful of small tables here and limited bar seating, there is almost always a queue. It's well worth the usually short wait time.

The kitchen with steaming cauldrons and busy cooks can be seen over the bar and creates a fun atmosphere. 

The menu is straightforward and uncomplicated. I love the simplicity.

The gyoza are crispy and delicious, the ramen is always cooked perfectly, the chashu pork is tender. They have some killer sides and rice bowls.

Everything is reasonably priced.

The pork belly rice bowl is phenomenal. The meat is slow braised into buttery, tender melt in your mouth goodness.

The waitresses are friendly and accommodating,  especially considering how busy this place is. 

They could probably use a larger space with more tables to eliminate the wait times, but the small space is part of the charm. Enjoy it.
We left this place our first attempted visit due to the wait.  This time we got sat right away. Service was good. Everyone talks this place up. To my disappointment, I was not impressed.  I have been known to get addicted to ramen.  My tonkotsu was too rich to finish.  The pork was very salty. I have had better ramen elsewhere.  However my boyfriend did enjoy his shoyu ramen.
As soon as you walk in - sign in! Haha There's always a wait for this place.  (But if you're in a hurry to get back to work or wherever there are multiple of good restaurants you can go to in that same complex). So with that statement, it's the type of place you order--- eat--- and leave... You don't want to be the jerk holding up the wait :P 

One thing that really caught my attention was how the chefs were dipping the bowl into hot boiling water before making your order to keep your food hot even longer.  I like to enjoy every bite of my food so by the end of my last bite my soup was still warm :P ( but I'll have to admit the last time I went they didn't dip my bowl ) 

I've tried all three fried rices on different occasions and all were good :) I think the kimchi is my favorite.  As for the  gyoza, it's pretty delicious and crispy.  

I've tried all soups and I'll have to say I'll stick to the pork broth with thin noodles and of course adding some green onions and egg to that - call it my usual order :)
I first tried Monta at the LA Ramen Festival in Torrance earlier this year. It was probably my favorite ramen from the festival! So for our last meal in Vegas before heading back to LA, I wanted to come here!

We arrived at 11:40 AM on a Sunday, the place was full and there were 4 groups ahead of us. Monta opens at 11:30!! Insane. We waited about 35-40minutes before getting seated at the counter. 

FOOD: Ramen was yum as I remembered! Base price is pretty cheap $6.95 but when you add the egg, it brings it up to a regular bowl of ramen.  I had the tonkotsu ramen (my fave) Really rich and good flavor with a PERFECT soft boiled egg! Chasiu was also super tender and falling apart. HUGE portions!! I didn't finish my noodles :( 

VENUE: Small, as usual and single unisex bathroom. Very cute and clean and I loved watching the chefs make the food.

SERVICE: Quick!! Food came out super fast after we ordered and they were always friendly and easy to flag down.

PARKING: Plenty!
great change from the buffets and american places in vegas. i love ramen and there are tons of ramen places in the bay area. this is on par and better than some of the ones in the bay area.
i have only been here once and i got the tonkatsu ramen and it was rich and tasty. the chasu pork was also very good as well. the size was on the smaller side but not bad for the price and you can ask for more noodles for just $1.50 more.

there was definitely a wait for lunch but it wasnt too bad and was worth the wait.
Their ramen and fried rice are yummy! Price are reasonable! I love coming here whenever I'm at Vegas!
We LOVE this place.  My new favorite is miso ramen with a side of the "spicy" paste.  It comes very close to the chili pepper ramen I used to have all the time in Narita.  Gyoza are done perfectly! It's worth the wait!
It was ok. My mother and I waited for 15 minutes while people that came in after us got served first. The waitresses seemed mad and unhappy but ramen was good!
The food was good, service was fast... but the seating is very limited. The soup is very flavorful though! Their fried rice is amazing as well. Most likely my favorite ramen place in Vegas! Can't wait to go back again!
This rating is not for the food, which we didn't get a chance to eat, but for the smell.  Upon walking into this bustling little noodle shop to put our name on the list, the overwhelming smell of toilet turned us off and we selected a different restaurant to try within 5 minutes.  We've eaten at many ramen places and had not ever been to a place where the smell was so overwhelming and yet seemingly unrecognized by the patrons.
Came to Vegas for vacation and my friend kept telling me that I must try this place out.  I am from out of town so I cant really tell you where this place is at since I took a taxi but it seems like the Chinatown of Vegas.  It seems to be sorta hidden in the back of the shopping center but just look for the white sign.

Got here around 12pm and there was a slight wait (nothing compared the wait when we were leaving).  Sat down and the friendly waitress took my order: Shoyu Ramen with corn and also the small fried rice (my friend said i had to get it no matter what) and yes I know thats a lot of carbs.

Shoyu Ramen:  my ramen came out with extra chasu and with no corn.  the waitress quickly realized this and immediatly gave me some corn on the side and didnt charge me for the extra chasu (kudos to her to rectify the situation).  The broth was very good and not overly salty.  I consider this one of the better ramens that I have eaten.  But the thing that stood out the most to me are the noodles.  Wow! This has got to be one of the best noodles ive eaten at any ramen joint and I have been to many in NY, CA and Hawaii.  Many places forsake the noodles and focus too much on the broth and chasu but very very good noodles.

Fried Rice: this was the dish my friend kept raving about and keep telling me to order.  I am not a huge fried rice person but it was pretty darn good! I devoured it within minutes of it coming out and didnt even leave a spec for my friend.

Very good place I will definitely come again when I go to Vegas.
If you come here, I would recommend sticking with the tonkotsu ramen as that is what they're known for. 

I ordered the spicy miso and was disappointed in how salty the broth was. Sad because my friend let me try some of her tonkotsu and it was so freakin' delicious. If I ever come back, I'm ordering my own bowl and not sharing!
Delicious, inexpensive, and a ton of options to choose from. You can customize your broth, noodles, fixins(egg, seaweed, veggies, etc) and everything else quickly and easily. The only thing stopping me from giving this above 5 stars is the space itself. This restaurant might seat 20 people if you packed them in like sardines. There is no place to wait, and apparently the wait to even eat lunch here is a struggle. I felt like I could hear what the other diners were thinking when I was crammed in next to them. Aside from that, the food itself was absolutely delicious, and it tasted authentic. This certainly isn't your college ramen experience.
People always rant and rave about this place. I think this is the third time I've had it and I'm just not impressed. The noodles seemed too hard/thick and the pork just wasn't as melt in your mouth as I like it! 
The flavor isn't even all that... I prefer Ramen Sora by far!
Delicious broth, nice presentation, good prices.
Not enough comfort space for eating and the pork had a high ratio of fat-to-meat, but you don't come here for the comfort, you come for the Ramen!.  I would eat here again, just wouldn't get the pork belly.  Love the noodle refills!!!
Love it! But have to choose the mix broth (pork and chicken), the only orok broth doesn't taste that good compare to the MIX one :)
Our last day in Vegas, Wifey wanted something different from The Strip and away from The Strip. 

I was in the mood for some good Mexican, but I was overruled as Wifey wanted Ramen. I scoffed at the notion of a good Ramen joint existing in Vegas. I crave for good Ramen, and so far the best I've had to date was from Santouka Ramen in LA. The Ramen joints in The City are a joke, but thank god for San Mateo as my only salvation for good Ramen. 

So when Wifey found this place, I was very skeptical; but I had no choice since she won all the money in Vegas that pretty much paid for our trip and then some. 

So we drove to Vegas' Chinatown district and one thing I noticed is that the blocks are like a frigging mile long. Damn...the blocks are so far apart I felt like I was in the desert. 

So we arrived and it's in a small strip mall similar to those found all over California (looks promising) and definitely qualifies as a Hole-In-The-Wall joint. The place is small...more tiny than small with a seating of about 20 + at a time. It was around lunch and the place was packed. I also observed a squad car illegally parked and had me worried for a second thinking it was a crime-ridden area and had an incident in progress. My guard subsided when I saw two of Vegas' finest slurping the Ramen inside. 

We waited for approximately 20-25 minutes before we got called and I was famished. I was already eyeing the 'Daily Special" board of Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkutso Ramen (both $7.95). Sold! Wifey also ordered a side of Tonkutso Pork over a bowl of rice. 

The side order arrived first and what we got was a pile of pork meat on top of rice topped with Nori strips. Ummmm....Anthony Bourdain would approve of this. 

Then our Ramen arrived and all my skepticism disappeared and what I felt next was envy. I was envious that Vegas can have a better Ramen joint than San Francisco. Then envy turned into sadness, which turned into me slurping the noodles to comfort my emotional needs at that time. 

The broth was amazing. Unlike the broths in The City that are overly salty, this one was creamy, thick, rich but also tasted light. How could that be? It wasn't rich, thick and heavy as one would expect. All I can say is wow. It truly made a believer out of me. I also tasted the Wifey's broth and the roller coaster of emotion began again. 

This one really surprised me in a good way.
The cure for a Las Vegas hangover is ramen. And with all the raves and reviews Monta Ramen was worth a visit. Upon arriving, there was already a crowd outside (it opens at 11:30). Luckily, the bar had two open seats for my friend and I.

Thinking with our appetites, we began the order:

2 Tonkotsu Ramen (this is what they're known for)
1 Gyoza (it's gyoza and I was hungover, so give me a break)
1 Kimchi fried rice (once again, we were hungover!)

After taking the last bite and having to unbutton my pants, I looked at my friend and gave him the approving nod, which summed up our experience.
I was looking for some good eats in Vegas and Dru C recommended this place. THANK YOU DRU C!!!!!!!!

This was some amazingly delicious ramen!!! We had a short wait (party of 2), and I got to sit next to this sweet lady who eats there several times a week at the counter. If I remember correctly, I think they have purse hooks under the counter. =)

We got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with thick wavy noodles and Kumo Ramen. The pork just melts in your mouth!!! I LOVED the thick wavy noodles. They had a really great texture. The Kumo Ramen was just some garlicy goodness. YUMMMMM!!!

What a great first meal in Vegas =)
I went to the one on Spring Mt & Decatur location and man.. that place is so small! So many people were lining up and I felt so clusterphobic! I still stayed and waited because I wanted to see why this place is so popular! Anyway, after 20 minutes of waiting, me and my party were finally sat. Customer service could be better. I understand its busy, but if you work there, that's just something you know you have to deal with especially if its a popular place. The food was good. Ramen.. delicious. Fried rice.. delicious as well!  Overall, it was a good experience!
The broth was good, but our noodles were clumped up at the bottom of the bowl and hard. Not coming back here for sure.
Got here a little before opening and already a line had formed (at least 15 people deep).  Pretty cramped inside, with about 6-7 tables and counter seating for 10.  Food took a while to come out, and a big reason why was there was only one person cooking the noodles, prepping the bowls, and plating/garnishing (with one person taking care of the rice items).  The waitstaff would just stand and wait for the food to be ready.  It could have been more efficient (and thus quicker), but maybe they were limited by the size of the kitchen.  Oh well...

The ramen itself was just okay, with average-tasting broth and average noodles.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the wavy noodles, and some pork belly bowls and fried rice for the kids.  Not bad overall, and service was good, but I prefer Fukumimi Ramen to this place.  But mad props to that multi-tasking cook, he sure was fun to watch!
Yum!!! 

Very Small place!. Expect an hour + wait, but definitely worth it.

Pork Belly Bowl - Pork Belly over Rice. The belly was so omg drool. It like melts in your mouth and just has the right perfect amount of seasoning. =D

Ramen: FYI get extra chashu. You will not be disappointed! The meat is like a fluffy cloud pillow floating on your tongue til it melts down and it is just bomb dot com

Spicy Tonkotsu - Spicy sauce. The broth was very good and flavorful. Spicy wasn't as spicy as I wanted it to be but it did give it a good flavor.

Kurobuta Ramen (black garlic oil) - Saltier I would say, it was still good. the broth was very flavorful, but I felt like it wasnt as garlicy enough, so I added some garlic and it was pretty good. 

Overall: Definitely would coem back. SOo good. I want more Chashu.~!!
This place is authentic and amazing. It's worth the wait if you go after 5. You can order ramen to take home. It's a must try for those of us who grew up on packaged ramen.
Best ramen in vegas, hands down, don't care what ppl say, i always recommend this place, especially after a bad hangover from the night before.

I always order the same thing:

Gyoza = perfectly cooked add a little soy sauce w/ chili oil and its a perfect match

Tonkotsu-shoyu ramen and add an egg and nori and it could not be any better. Service is always friendly, and wait is never too long usually. worth the wait if you have to wait though. Not a good place for parties of more than 4, more of a place for 2 ppl so you can do the bar if need be. 

Best thing is food always comes out quick and never disappointed. Small place, when you are inside you don't feel like your in vegas at all. And that is a great feeling, especially for someone who has been here for 8 years already.
Small menu, but the three item I call were good.  

But, since I come from SoCal to visit, this place's ramen doesn't seem any more special compare to the many we have from home, but still it's good!

The price make it's worth it compare to most places near the strip.

To sum it up, good food, decent price, but don't expect anything extraordinary if you had Japanese ramen before :-)
I was here during the Thanksgiving Holiday and it was great.  The Ramen had great flavor.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the pork melted in my mouth.  Show up early as this place gets packed.  Definitely worth the wait!
If you are waiting and double checking reviews to confirm...Yes, its worth the wait. 

Don't let the small size of the place fool you. The ramen is some of the best I've ever tried and rivals Ippuddo in NYC (yes, I did just go there) except that they provide more generous portions and a cheaper price point here ++points

You write your name down on a sheet to the right of the door once you get in and wait. Came with the bf / party of 2 at 3 pm aka off hours between normal lunch and dinner times. There was still a wait but not too bad (maybe 15/20 minutes) and the line/list moved quick.

Only reason it gets 4 stars for now is uncertainty about the consistency of their quality and portion sizes since I've only been once.
BIG DROP-OFF since the last time I dined here, which was probably a year ago when I came here with some friends and let me say that My friends and I  liked this place so much that we literally came here 3 days straight!!! I raved about this place so much to my girlfriend back home in Austin, so the expectations from us were pretty high coming in on a Monday evening around 7 o'clock. The wait time was about 20 min., so it wasn't too bad and the restaurant was pretty full. So I ordered 3 of my fav dishes I had last time to share with my girlfriend. We had miso ramen w/ ajitama (seasoned egg) and corn, Kim chi fried rice, and cold noodles with sesame sauce...so

Miso ramen- broth was a lil salty and luke  warm, cold corn (which prob made the broth luke warm), the noodles were stuck together in a ball shape, so that was obvious it wasn't boiled long enough. 

Kim chi Fried rice- was very wet and was obvious drenched with a lot of oil

Cold noodles- were a bit sour and visibly covered with way too much sesame sauce.

I really don't understand the big drop off in the quality of taste and food and it saddens me to just give Monta 1 star ( star for good service) which seems harsh, but when you get food poisoning that causes your stomach to ache and many trips to the restrooms. How could you consider to go back...
Consistently delicious and quick Japanese Ramen.
It's been way too long! They've finally added a spicy tonkotsu, which is super bomb!
Finally got a chance to try this place..we came here a few weeks back and never for a chance to write my review.. So here I am, playing catch up! 

Anyway.. We've been hearing so many good things about this place.. So of course, it's bookmarked! I'm glad to say.. I tried it..& ehhh.. Well.. I've had better. Sorry fellow yelpers.. I took everyone's opinion and tried it when it came to my turn.. Just wasn't pleased.. The soup was weak.. Their pork was really soft though! Like melts in your mouth soft! So that's good.. I got their thick noodles.. & it was ok..my bf got thin noodles and he liked the thin ones better, my bf is crazy about this place though.. Then again he's crazy about every ramen place! Lol we also got the fried dumplings.. (Gyzo)? I forgot, but it tastes like any other friend dumplings I had.. I don't think it's anything special... Specially for that price.. Nope.. 

All in all, glad I got to try it.. Two bowls and one dumpling order came out to be $40 including tip and all add-on's in our ramen.. If you're ever in town.. Give it a try! 

The wait is pretty long though! Come in small groups! The place is tiny!
OMG! The Ramen here was fantastic! I went on Saturday Night around 5:20 and it was very packed! It's a little spot, so its very cramped.. but the wait was so worth it. I ordered the Gyoza, which was delicious and I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which was absolutely phenomenal! I would recommend this place to any and everyone and I plan to return soon! Best Ramen that I have ever had!
we ate here twice in 3 days! the first time we actually came to eat at the snowflake shavery for dessert, but noticed the crowd milling around monta and decided to throw our name on the waiting list. since we had our baby in tow, we weren't exactly expecting to wait it out. however, the woman working at monta was so incredibly nice, she save us a table and made it as comfortable as possible for the baby, even helping us store the stroller in the back! now to be honest we weren't incredibly hungry after the wonderful shavery but we managed to still enjoy my tonkotsu and shoyu ramen with the egg and my wife the black garlic oil flavored kuro ramen. I've definitely had better egg in my time so next time I'd try some other add on.

while the food was good, the service was what stuck in our minds that first night. nicest wait staff ever! we also vowed to take my noodle loving 10 year old nephew and my sister when they rolled into town the next day.  

so today we went around lunch time, and longer line so again we hit the snowflake shavery first! while waiting, we saw the flyer that they opened a monta in henderson! we'll definitely try that next. This time the wait was longer and we worked up our post-snow appetites...and score! the nephew and sister loved it! also i tried the takana fried rice this time which I thought was great. Just the right amount of spiciness and with the mustard green, unique from chinese fried rice. my better half had the shoyu ramen this time, which was indeed lighter than the tonkotsu broth. I think I preferred the tonkotsu but it was good to have tried them both.

next stop will definitely be the one near my parents house on eastern. thanks yelp for the recommendation!
Monta Ramen is a very tiny ramen restaurant, with apparently, the best ramen in town. Now that I have tried it a few times, I would say that it is probably true. With the wait however, it just is not worth it suddenly. Especially because I am from Southern California, there are a lot more ramen places that is just as good, if not better, than Monta Ramen. But for the Las Vegas area, this has been the best place to get my ramen fix. 

The broth is super fresh and clean, not filled with like oils and things like that. The meat is super soft, which just melts in your mouth. The noodles are just how I like them, RAMEN noodles. 

One bowl is enough to satisfy your hunger. 

Now to mention the wait - my family and I waited 50 minutes for ramen noodles. Factoring that in, it was not worth it. The waitress even let back people who "left" from the waiting list, and came back! That's not what a waiting list does, if a party leaves, they are off the list. The waitress would squeeze the party back in. That just lengthens the time I am waiting outside, especially since she did it for two 5 person parties before mine. 

They have another Monta in Vegas now. Maybe that one is worth trying out.
Coming from Japan, I can attest to the authenticity of the ramen served here.  The flavor of the soup was so rich and delicious, it was truly a treat to get to eat here.  Probably one of the best ramen I've ever ate!
The soup was really good and the noodle texture/ toppings were perfect.   The only reason this got a 3 star though is the one time I took it home for takeout.  They were nice and friendly but told me I had to boil my own noodles at home for a couple of minutes and viola.  Well I was soo tired from a long day and decided to do it the next day and left the broth in the fridge.  To my dismay,  the next day, the broth had an inch and a half of lard/fat/ paste sitiing on top.  I think this was fat and decided not to eat it.  If this coagulated thick layer of white foam, crisco thing sitting was fat then it is swimming in the broth ready for slurping pleasure while it clogs my arteries.  I just can't do it as good as their soup is and I don't want to find out.
I'm not a big fan of Monta, maybe it's because I get sick every time I come here and eat something with the charsui (which I figured out after I was about to give up). Everyone else claims it's the best ramen in Las Vegas, maybe, but I haven't been to enough places around to say for certain just yet. So far it's a no for me, because of the way I get sick.


Growing up in Japan with a Chinese family, I know what good ramen tastes like and they're decent but when they're busy the noodles are hard (not cooked long enough) which I hate, they have to be consistant! And on top of that I can't eat the charsui without getting sick which then it's game over for me for the day, so it usually ends with me giving it away to someone. 

So like I said, when it's busy they're not that consistant because they're trying to keep up with the demand and not be slow, but it shows in their cooking. I always get gyoza with my ramen and would feel weird if I didn't! Something I've done since I was a little child, besides the pair together taste great! 

The soup base itself is light as it should be, though sometimes I feel it's a bit salty (maybe my Asian taste buds were a little too active then, but it's good. Also depends on the one you want, I'm pretty traditional and don't stray from the shoyu (soy sauce base). The noodles is a hit and miss, since they're usually busy and rarely not, though I like going when most people aren't eating, the noodle can be either perfect or too hard for me. People like their noodles differently and not many places give you an option (very few in Japan do), but like I said hit and miss usually it's okay. 

Outside of their regular toppings you can add extra stuff like corn, butter, green onions, etc for some extra costs which isn't much at all! They also have kaedame which is a second helping of noodles, but you need to leave some soup base and not drink it if you're going to do that.

Overall the price for what you get is decent and not too bad especially comparing it to places in Japan. My only complaint is that the charsui gets me sick every time I've eaten it and since I've stopped it's been okay.
One of the best Ramen places in US. It definitely goes into top three of our Ramen list. 
It's a bit crowded at dinner time and you might need to wait like 15 minutes. But once we had our food, all the waiting is worthwhile!
It's a small place and we sat at counter. Once you got seated, the service is pretty fast. My bf ordered tonkotsu soyu and I got tonkotsu.
The soup base if very thick and rich, very yummy, feels like a good stew from good pork. And the noodle is just right, not too soft and not too hard. Try eat noodle dipped in soup in one bite, it's heaven. :) I almost finished the whole bowl. The bowl is cheap like 6.95 - 8.95. You can add extra topping if you want. It only comes with chashu and a bit veggie for my meal but the good taste makes me happy enough.
They don't have other sides or appetizers. As far as I remember, only gyozer and some fried rice. If I go LV later and want some Asian food, that'll probably be the first item popped into my mind.
the pork was delicately sliced and the broth was excellent. However, it was over an hour wait and we got there before it opened. it's comparable to the places I've tried in the SF Bay Area but I presume this is the best of Vegas so far.
Waited for like an hour but totally worth it! Gyoza was good but I was surprised it ddn't come with its own special sauce. Ramen is to die for ;)
Hands down the best tonkotsu ramen ever. I had the spicy tonkotsu ramen. It adds the taste to the broth, and it's not too spicy. Wife had shoyu ramen. Also taste great. The broth is not oily at all and the pork (chasu) melts in your mouth.
Place is so small. We came about 5 minutes before they open for lunch on Friday and the line is already long outside. We had to wait for the next available table. It's definitely worth the wait. Service is great too.
Definitely a pace to visit.
First time here. Arrived 30 minutes before they opened, with about 25 people ahead of us. Waited 1.5hrs to get in and after getting inside saw why. This place is small. I would say 20-25 people at the most can dine inside. Ordered the spicy tonkatsu and was not very impressed. I'll try the other new location before I decide on whether to eat at either location again but my initial experience wasn't good.
Best ramen I've had in the USA.

I used to live in Japan, so I miss having the option of eating ramen. I've tried it at several places in the US, and haven't found anything close until I went to Monta. 

I always order the tonkatsu ramen and request the noodles to be on the hard side, which is called 'katame'. It adds a bit of texture to the noodles and is an option you can always ask for in Japan. 

This is one of the places I always stop at when I'm in Vegas.
First time eating "fancy" ramen as opposed to the top ramen I'm used to at home lol. When I went it was very busy so we had to put our name down and waited about 20 minutes or so. 

We got seated at the bar and my friend recommended the tonkatsu ramen with nori and egg. The messed up on our order and thought we said corn instead of nori but it wasn't a big deal. The waitress brought our our nori in a separate bowl and only charged us for the corn which was 25 cents cheaper than the nori :) 

The ramen was so good! Not too salty and not to watery, just perfect. Also when you eat the pork it literally melts in your mouth. Staff was great also. I will definitely be coming back here!
The first time I reviewed Monta almost 3 years ago (wow!), it was really my first experience with ramen.  Since then, ramen places have popped up all over the valley, giving Monta competition.  And, IMHO, the competition wins.  I won't name my favorite place in this review because we're not supposed to per TOS, but my most recent visit to Monta reinforced my higher regard for my favorite place down the street.  Not that Monta is terrible, mind you.  It has plenty of avid fans, my good friend being one; she doesn't like my favorite place at all.  We came here for lunch last week because she loves her some Monta; she comes here so often that the staff knows her order.  We arrived ten minutes before they opened on a Friday morning and there were already 25 people waiting in line!  Monta staff hand out a waiting list for everyone to sign in on, so that's how I know the number.  When we got in the doors, my friend and I plus one other couple were the last to be seated, so capacity in the joint is about 29 people, if my math is correct; this includes sitting at the counter.  We ended up at the counter and that was actually a fun place to be because we got to watch the cooks at work.  We both had the shoyu ramen and I added eggs and corn to mine.  It took about 30 minutes to get our food; I should have ordered an appetizer.  I usually get edamame, but they don't offer it on the menu--weird.  This is a very small space and once it fills up, the line is steady waiting for people to hurry up and eat.  It's been a while since I've been back here and the ramen is good, but given the choice, I choose the other place.
Its good for young people but its not good for the family.
Waiting thirty five minutes outside and still not getting seat. It's very unorganized when they called the guests. They called whatever they like. People stands and comes inside also they don't have highchairs for your little one..Resto it's very small. It's like Motel 6 Hotel with tiny rooms and dirty.
Pro: only tonkatsu delicious
Cons: Waiting an hour to be from you write down your name until to have a food.
           Serve very very slow...They make it very slow so looks like a lot of people a line but actually it's not like that if they serve fast. Their strategy made it this way.
Won't comeback again. VERY DISAPPOINTING SERVICE!!!..
I'm always up for Ramen wherever I go.  You don't really think of eating ramen when your in Vegas but there are several good places in sin city.  I tried Monta when they were part of the crappy ramen festival last summer.  I got a bowl but by the time I got it I did enjoy it very much.  I wanted to give them another shot so I decided to hit this place up for a fresh bowl of noodles.  Like most ramen houses the place is small and the night we went there was a slight wait.

Gyoza ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=q9h7EAzC1fSN5TIRBSwEtQ#q9h7EAzC1fSN5TIRBSwEtQ Of course you have to get some because it just goes well with Ramen.  These were pretty good with a crisp char.

Kuro ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?userid=3H2VbXZ8upvCFncbi5xTcg#d9BleP8jELt3GECw45RQyA Which is tonkotsu with black mayu (garlic oil).  Because its tonkotsu/hakata broth the noodes are the straight white ones.  Broth was good.  Not really salty.  The black mayu brought out a nice garlic flavor.  Good amount of kikurage and bamboo shoots.  The chasu had a good equal amount of fat and meat with a good flavor to it.  It didn't come with ajitama so I had planned to order one on the side but totally forgot.  Would have liked to taste it to see how it compared to other places.

Shoyu ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=2J_aZpdjND0tilpICKmk4Q#2J_aZpdjND0tilpICKmk4Q  Friend ordered the shoyu.  It had a great tasting broth.  The noodles were the yellow chijiri type.  It was slightly overcooked but it was pretty good.

Service was hit and miss.  Usually you get your gyoza before ramen but we got it the other way around.  We also had ordered ice tea and soda but that never came.  It was taken off the bill.   Overall it was a decent bowl of ramen.  Since this is the first ramen spot I tried in Vegas I cant compare to the other places in the city.  I will stick with a 4 star for now. 

Eyes ~ Small place with lots of hungry peeps!
Nose ~ Smells good!.
Ear ~ Happy diners chatting and grubbing!
Mouth ~ Ahhhh Ramen!!
Tummy ~ Satisfied.
I was told on several occasions that Chinatown was the place to eat in Vegas. I didn't believe it until I took the first bite at Monta.

It was a chilly day, and nothing could beat the satisfaction found at the bottom of that ramen bowl. Monta is tucked in a small strip small. There's limited seating inside, but we didn't wait long at all and sat at the bar. I actually prefer this since we could watch the kitchen in action.

Everything is EXTREMELY affordable. I got a huge bowl of ramen (with a few addition) for the same price as 1 fancy hot dog on the strip. I opted for the Tonkotsu and added corn and egg. We also had the Gyoza to start. The Gyoza were perfect, so light and airy. Dipping them in a mix of soy with sesame oil with a dash of their spices made it that much better. The bowl of ramen was huge! I tried to force myself to finish it because it was so good. I was going to add spices to the broth, but it was fantastic on its own so I didn't mess with it. The noodles were soft and the egg was the perfect addition. I wish I could have another bowl right now with this cold outside!

What I also enjoyed about this restaurant was the design. It wasn't the typical meh photo with a description underneath. They took the time to take beautiful photos of all their dishes and explain them appropriately. It really makes a difference.

The staff was nice. The place was busy and they kept everything on pace. I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
On our quest for best ramen in Vegas, this was #2 of 3... 

TONKATSU RAMEN w/thick noodles + egg - Broth is an improvement from Sora, noodles still overdone.  Pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth, sliced thin and complemented the salty broth. 
COLD NOODLES(SESAME) rivaled Monkey's Gold Standard of Ramen, Daikokuya in Los Angeles...    A wait out the door did not exceed 45mins, as there are far more tables than Sora.  

Monkey sat at the bar where you can see all the magic happen.  Sometimes you don't want to know how the trick is done, though.  Watching someone put the cooked pork in the same bin as the raw, troubled my mind on the way out.  I heard it being said, yet to see it happen, Monkey disappointed and feared the future sitting...

Parking is somewhat better, even though it's a shared parking lot with several other businesses.
OMG!!!!
This place is out of this world!! The menu is short and to the point but wow!! I usually don't give a place 5 stars but this was worth the short wait outside in the cold. Try any of the soups and I added corn for a more comfort food feel! The beverages and food overall was cheap for the quality.  I will be back and I can't wait!
Love the ramen. It was just what I needed after a long week in Vegas. Had the spicy tonkatsu with egg and was delicious. Adding to places that I will be back to while in Vegas.
This place I've heard is usually crowded and there's a bit of a wait but it's not too bad. The menu is short and sweet along with photos just how I like it. The food was delicious! I plan on heading back here again!
Alright, so in the 3 days 4 nights we were in Vegas, we came here twice....I love ramen! I can seriously eat it every single day of my life! They're pretty damn good and pretty close to the quality you would find in Japan....too bad we can't find a place like this in Chicago! I would 100% would have given this place  stars....if it wasn't for the snotty older waitress....My friends who recommended this place did specifically warned me about the older woman who doesn't crack a smile and does not understand the meaning of the word hospitality....Lady, you're bad for business! Either find a job you like or crack a smile and be more welcoming! 

But service is quick like any ramen place should be, and the broth to noodle ratio was perfect! I loved how their noodles were not in a giant ball and it was cooked the right way. You go to crappy places, you get noodles that are over cooked like  olive garden or almost stiff noodles as if ramen is meant to be al dente pasta. Monta's broth was pretty darn good too! I only wish they didn't charge ridiculous amounts for the extra topping....what could be a mind blowing cheap mean turns into a meal where I spent just as much on the toppings as the bowl of ramen itself.
So last time I was here in this plaza I notice 5 restaurants. But Monta had a line just to get in. Like out the door make you think that place must be Good kind of line. If you ain't one of the first 25 ppl in there as soon as they open. You gonna wait. Either way a wait well Worth It. So far The Best Ramen I ever had.
I like this place, but have come less over time because of the crowds you have to fight through to get a table here. If you come on a weekend, expect to wait 30-45 min to get a table since they don't have very many. Enjoyed it a lot more the 1st few times I came here but have been less impressed lately. Seems like as it's gotten more crowded, the food quality and service has gone downhill.

I've had the ramen, fried rice, and pork belly bowl here and nearly any choice you get is pretty decent. Sometimes you may get a bowl of ramen that's a little saltier than others...I'm sure this is directly related to how busy they've gotten. Hopefully they will look into expanding or adding another location to alleviate the crowd issue here.
Oh lord, ramen at its best!

This is a must visit place for all my Vegas trips from now-on.

The place is small, but the service is quite quick.

Be prepared to wait for quite awhile to be seated if the restaurant is booming.  Due to limited seating and people seeming to socialize with their friends, the wait time may be ridiculous.

The food is great, but their should be a plan to keep the flow moving.  Other than that, and since that cannot yet be controlled without a proper setup in the restaurant layout, I still give this place a 5 for being as best as it could be.
It is a tradition...and a MUST to eat some sort of noodle and soup combo after a long inebriated weekend in Las Vegas. Monta Ramen is one of my go-to spots upon exiting the city of sin.

Very small location, but huge flavors!

Get here early or you will be getting blue-balled by the aroma and presence of the MONTA RAMEN.

*Oh yes...if you need a place to hang out or wait...I suggest the bar across the plaza...$4 beers and video casino games kept me entertained.

When we sat down, they had 2 specials: Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkatsu. Both sounded absolutely amazing...it took me a while to figure out which bowl I should get...but I finally came to a conclusion within minutes. I ORDERED BOTH!

In addition, I also ordered a bowl of Pork Belly with rice and a nice Sapporo to go with the meal. Oh yes, how could I forget...GETTING AN EGG IS A MUST!

The food came out...everything was heavenly. The noodle was firm to an appropriate al dente - ramen style. The broth wasnt too thick where it came off as a sauce. Hearty, packed with immense flavor, and delicious. So delicious that all the asians DID NOT want to waste the extra effort and time to publish their food on facebook or instagramn. 

My experience was great. The only thing that sucked was the 4 hour drive home to OC + food coma + food baby.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
I have tried pretty much all the ramen place in LA n this place is like the #1 ramen on my list (daikokuya in little Tokyo is #1 tooo!!!) The soup base for the ramen was incredible i've never tasted anything this good (not too salty, n rich in beef flavor, plus the soup is not like liquid, its a little bit thick n jelly-ish). I also order the fried rice.... holy mother of monkey balls.... it was so good I didn't know someone can cook fried rice to this level... this place is incredible. 

A MUST TRY ramen if ur in vegas.
This is the best place in Vegas to have Ramen! Seating is minimal but we'll worth the wait. Friendly service and price is on point.
Best Tonkatsu ramen in LV in my opinion.  Much better than Sora which was a disappointing experience.
The Best Ramen in Las Vegas

I have been a regular here at Monta Ramen for quite some time and have been recommending this noodle house for many. 

Pros: Monta Ramen provides a traditional Japanese style ambiance with transparent view in kitchen that portrays confidence and quality in its product. Monta's Tonkatsu style ramen is delicious and perfectly prepared. The broth never gets old and is always ready to fulfill. Monta offers perfectly balanced side dishes (fried rice, gyoza, etc) and options to upgrade ramen dishes.  Service is quick and generally helpful. 

Cons: The size of the restaurant is small and can be an issue when hosting larger parties. The wait time especially during prime hours (lunch and dinner) can be an issue. All parties must be present upon seating. Be weary of writing your name down on the clipboard; my party got overlooked recently and the host sat three parties before mine. 

Overall, the quality of food trumps the service.  A must visit for tourists!
I do not understand the hype about this place. It's cramped, hella dark, and their soup is SALTY. I am a fan of salt, but after eating here, I always get a sodium induced headache. I have tried this place THREE times (in hopes that maybe each time was just an 'off-night') but every time we have visited, same experience. 

Pros- The service is great, the toppings to the ramen are delicious, and the food comes out fast.

.... But it's just not enough to keep me coming back.
Excellent service.  Tonkotsu shoyu ramen is my favorite.  Love this place I know it's super busy but its worth the wait. I've never had a bad experience there and I at least go there twice a month. I love it when the manager is the cook she is best!!!
What makes their ramen really good is the chashu. It is tender and flavorful.
Their gyoza is pan fried, but I prefer deep fried.
The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's too small & claustrophobic.
There's almost always a wait for a table unless you go during off-peak hours.
Once you get seated, the service is pretty good.
Don't come here for the tonkotsu ramen. 

We came here for lunch and the wait was about 40 minutes.  The service was quick and friendly but the place felt a bit dirty, was a bit dark, and the seating was very cramped together.  

I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with flavored eggs and seaweed.  Do Not Order this.   The broth was disappointingly salty and thick.   Seriously salty!  I had to go through 2 full cups of water and I still felt that wasn't enough.   After 1/3 of the way, I had to eat the ramen without the broth, which was unfortunate because the broth is what makes the ramen.  On the upper side, the noodles and eggs were perfectly cooked!

Would I come back?  Probably not.   Again, don't order the tonkotsu ramen unless you want to be on a sodium high.
This is a small ramen shop in the back of a little plaza, there were people waiting outside before I got there (about 9:15pm on a Saturday night), and an even longer line by the time we ate and left (10:30pm). This is typical of ramen restaurants - the service was friendly and pretty quick (minus the waiting for a table part), but the reason for the 3-stars is the incredibly salty broth. I love ramen and have eaten at some of the best places in LA, and this just cannot compare. The noodles and toppings are fine, but the broth is so salty (and almost thick) that I couldn't even drink it. Perhaps it gets salter when it's later in the day, but I would not want to go back.
We came here on a saturday afternoon around 1220 and it was super packed. We waited for an hourish but it's also because we had a party of 9. This place is right next to Raku and a korean restaurant. 

We ordered a bowl of Tonkotsu shoyu ramen with an extra order of egg, kimchee fried rice, and gyoza. Let's actually start with the ramen which was the most disappointing dish of the 3....HOWEVER it was better than I expected. I have recently lost my hope for ramen so this place was actually better than I expected. The broth was a bit too salty for my taste but the chashu was really good. The noodles weren't bad. 

The gyoza was really good. It was crispy and the inside of it was juicy and perfectly seasoned. The skin wasn't too thick so it had that perfect crispy to it when you bite into it. 

The Kimchee Fried rice was the shiitttt. No joke. I think I'm gonna have dreams about the kimchee fried rice to be honest. It was moist and tasty. So much seasoning to it and there's little kick to it from the kimchee. There are restaurants that makes it super dry but Monta made it perfectly. Obviously it is oily, but it is seriously bomb-diggity good. It was sooooo good that we ordered a to-go right before we left and we ate it at midnight. We ate it cold cause there was no microwave in the hotel but it was still so damnnn good.

I would seriously come back only to get the fried rice...I'm really curious about the takana fried rice too. Service was actually really good and I actually gave Monta a 4 just because of the fried rice...or else I would probably give it a two stars. 

The lesson is...you come early to avoid the wait, you get the fried rice, and be happy with life.
I crave Monta Ramen. It's a staple example of decently priced, quality, authentic food that's worth the comeback visit(s). Although fair warning, beware the wait times and lines for this anticipated and sought out food.    

I have had most variations here and there, but I am a die hard miso fan and prefer to try the miso anywhere. There is only 4 broth bases to choose from along with the occasional special, as well as a nice side menu with a lot of other small dishes to choose from. 

As for the Miso. The salty creaminess with those thick bodied noodles always fulfills the appetite and keeps the taste buds impatient to scoff down more. Simply comes with 2 pieces of Chatsu pork, bamboo shoots, scallions, and mushroom.

A little skimpy with pork in my opinion, but it temps me to order extra because it really is the best I've ever had. So rich and flavorful and tender. Fat and all should absolutely be savored. You must also pay for additional toppings such as butter, nori, etc. I either get a side of kimchi or the small pork belly bowl which is equally delicious and abundantly layered in a rice bowl.

I applaud the waitresses for their patience and kindness. The place is almost always beyond busy and full, yet they still handle and attend to customers quickly and with a good attitude. 

I always recommend to friends, but this is a fairly fairly small venue for such popularity (they have also recently opened another one in Henderson) so either have a treat for adventurous self, or go with a few friends, but not very accommodating for very large parties.
I've had a lot of ramen in Las Vegas and Monta is my go-to ramen place; hands down the best ramen I've had in town. I usually order a Tonkotsu or a Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra Pork Chashu (4pcs for 2.50). Occasionally I also get the regular size Pork Belly Bowl.

Their ramen broth is full of flavor and you can mix and match a variety of different toppings to your liking for a cheap price. They give you a large and filling amount of ramen in your first bowl and if you're still hungry you can order another bowl of ramen noodles (Kaedama) for $1.50
You do need to save some of your broth though because they will give you a bowl of noodles and that's it.

As much as I want to give this place 5 stars, the only thing holding me back is their service. I always feel like I am being rushed to order, eat, pay, and leave so another party can take my seat. I don't blame them because it's always packed and they have to fit everyone who has been waiting in line, but it does suck when you feel like you're being rushed to eat good food.

Overall, I love this place. I try not to come here with large parties because of the amount of time it would take to get the open tables. But this is definitely one of my favorite places for a good, affordable meal.
I freggin' love Monta Ramen. This baby is made of mostly Miso Ramen and thin noodles...let me explain.

I'm pregnant, and Monta Ramen was already an obsession before this pregnancy, been a customer for years...but now...the obsession is on overdrive. The broth, all 4 choices, are always consistent in flavor. Ramen Sora, right down the street from Monta, is a good spot also but the flavor of their broth choices are not consistent; and if I'm craving ramen, I like to know the flavor will be what I expect....and Monta does it for me. 

This place is almost always packed.

If you're a first time Monta visitor, here are some suggestions based on the embarrassing amount of times I've been there and taken newbies with me:

Always order your noodles al dente, whether you're getting the thin noodles or wavy noodles. 

If you're into a thinner broth, order the Shoyu Ramen.

If you're into a thicker and richer broth, order the Tonkatsu Ramen - no jokes, this stuff is super rich...and heavy on the pork flavor.

Order all the topping on the side, so you don't have to fish out the stuff you realize you don't like. 

My favorite....the Miso Ramen with thin al dente noodles. 2/3 of the time, I order extra noodles after I demolish the first round. 

Hope you enjoy your experience there!
Nothing special, other than the fact that in addition to pork broth they also have chicken broth (Halal friendly!!) Though I've had better ramen, this will do the job when you're hungover. Prices are normal. 

Get there early, as the line is LONG. We got there 10 mins before it opened and still has to wait 30 minutes to be seated--the line was THAT long.
I would have to say that Monta is the best ramen joint in Vegas that I've been to. $7-$8 for a bowl (that's pretty big in my opinion) and it's worth every penny. You can add extra toppings and or even order extra noodles if you're still hungry. They also have a variety of side dishes that you can order with your meal. 

When I go to monta, I usually order a tonkatsu ramen. I like to get thick-wavy noodles instead of thin noodles as well. Ramen usually comes with two pieces of pork chashu, bamboo shoots, black mushrooms, and green onions.Their broth is flavorful and thick in a way. I swear it's pretty freaking good. The bowl usually comes pretty fast even if the place may be packed so that's a plus as well. 

I also enjoy their pork belly bowl. Their rice to meat portion seems just right to me! And of course, it tastes great!

If you want to eat at Monta during the night, you have a really high chance of having to wait to be seated. Monta is pretty small and they can only seat so little at a time. If you're patient this place is worth the wait! Another thing, if you have a big party you should make sure that EVERYONE is present. If not they'll let another party go instead and wait til your party is all there.
This is one of two ramen joints in town that are worth visiting: Monta and Fukumimi. The tenderness of their pork belly is amazing and really makes the dish. Their tonkotsu (pork) broth is my favorite, especially if you get it with their special called kuro ramen (black ramen) which adds a black garlic sauce.

Fukumimi doesn't have nearly as good char sui (braised pork belly slices) but I think their broth is slightly better.
This review is long overdue, but from what I remember, the service was quick, the broth was tasty, and the food was fairly inexpensive.  It's a really small restaurant, so prepare to wait if coming during the meal rush.
This place is amazing. One of the best ramen spots in Vegas. If you have the patience to wait the occasional long lines it's well worth it. It's a pre work meal for me on occasion. It's a same spot so you have to wait a while to get seated. I recommend this spot without a doubt.
Monta is the real deal, go here.

The restaurant is pretty small and you can almost count that there will be a wait any time of day, in fact, when they open for lunch at 11 there is often a line already forming.

OK the food:
-Miso Ramen is FANTASTIC,  it is my go to.The broth  is delicious and the noodles are chewy and plentiful, there is also the most tender sliced pork on top. You can also get extra items like more pork, butter, corn, sliced egg, all make your soup even better.
- Pork  Belly Over Rice is a winner, just like it sounds, the pork belly will melt in your mouth.
- Gyoza is the best I have ever had!!

The atmosphere is nice and the service is quick and friendly.
Awesome pork - tender and flavorful. Broth a bit heavy. Considering it got shut down by health department a while back, I never went back. Very crowded, dark and cramped.
The best ramen in Las Vegas! Simple menu selection and very friendly staff. I recommend the pork belly bowl (best dish in the house) and the spicy Tonkotsu ramen. You won't be disappointed!!
I love this place!  Whenever I want ramen this is the only place I come.  Granted its very small and there is usually a wait for a table but the food is worth it. If you're on the other side of town they're is another location it's much bigger and still had the heat same food
Monta Ramen was the first ramen place I had ever been to in Las Vegas and my first experience with ramen that did not come in a bag or cup. I have been here many times since then and it is still one of my favorites ones. 

The restaurant itself is definitely small and often busy but it is always worth the wait. The tonkotsu is wonderfully porky and now you can get it spicy if that is your thing. My favorite part is the thin, dense noodles. There are days that I crave these noodles specifically and that is when I come to Monta.
My husband and I came to Monta Ramen in August 2012 - so this review is way overdue, haha. We had just finished our meal at Raku (almost next door) and was still craving some ramen. Soo...we wandered into this restaurant, got seated immediately (it was already past 11:30 pm at night).

Even though it was so late already, this is one of the few ramen places that was open late at night.

My husband ordered a bowl of ramen, but I can't remember what he had. It was either Tonkotsu Ramen or Miso Ramen, although I think it's the former. 

I ordered the pork belly rice bowl, and it was great! There was a good portion of marinated soy pork belly on top of a bed of rice, and I gobbled it up so quickly. It helps that I am a fan of pork belly :)

We both enjoyed our meal and wouldn't mind coming back again when we're visiting Las Vegas in the future.
The broth here is amazing.  I think the noodles could be better but thats probably a preference if you like the skinny noodles or the Thick noodles.  I'm preferential to the chewy kind.  Place is small so it makes it feel like you are in Japan.  Service is good...and what Japanese restaurant doesn't have good service....overall its not bad...just wish they had thicker noodles
My husband and I went pretty much as soon as we found out about this place, ramen junkies that we are. The thing is, I really wish this website allowed half star ratings, because I would have rated it 3 1/2. What really brings it down in my mind are the noodles. 
The atmosphere was fine and the staff are friendly. But the noodles... They are too starchy and separated, and not very fresh-tasting. Frowny face.
The broth, however, was something else entirely. Our bowl of Tonketsu ramen was perfectly salty and flavorful, and the texture of the broth wasn't grainy or too fatty. 
The other toppings and chashu pork were fine, but in my opinion, the chashu at Ramen Sora down the street is far superior.
All in all, it certainly wasn't a bad eating experience, but I didn't enjoy my noodles very much, and man can not live on broth alone.
Want a bowl of Ramen from Japan but don't want to fly there?

Monta Ramen has you covered. 

I order what I consider their best Ramen. 

Their Miso Ramen  7.25
Miso ("bean paste") Ramen which was developed in Hokkaido, features a broth that combines copious amounts of miso and is blended with oily pork broth to create a thick, nutty, slightly sweet and very hearty soup.

Be sure to order it with extra Chashu Pork. It melts in your mouth. ($2.50)

Be prepared to wait for about 20-30 minutes at peak times.
Not the biggest Ramen fan but this place is really good! My son had a pork belly bowl he loved it!
Craving ramen and deciding to be break-away from our normal habits, my boyfriend and I decided to try Monta, hearing so many good things about the place. We went on a Tuesday night and their small space was packed to the brim. We put our name on the waiting list and were seated in about 15-20 minutes of coming in.

I decided to get the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen. The food came out decently fast, even with how busy they were, so thats a plus. The food was absolutely delicious and I have nothing bad to say about it! But it kind of tasted like every other ramen I've had before so it wasn't anything special.

Overall, this place is a great place to go when you're craving a good bowl of ramen but don't go on a busy night. The space is insanely small so you most likely wouldn't get seated for over an hour. The ramen is good but it isn't worth the wait.
I love this place ! Great service, food, and price. I definitely recommend this place if you love Ramen.
The restaurant is small and can be busy.  I had the tonkotsu ramen and it was very delicious.  The soup was delicious and the ramen noodle is different from what i've had at other ramen house.  It was thinner type of noodle and it was cooked perfectly.  Overall the ramen was great and would come here again.
Monta, according to one of my friends who lived in Japan, is as close to authentic Japanese ramen as you can get in Las Vegas. I'll take his word for it.

The small ramen joint does not fit many and there is often a wait. Your entire group has to be there in order to be seated as well. There is a $10 minimum for card.

The waitresses are obviously experienced and seemlessly work together and with the chefs to efficiently serve customers. They are friendly, but not overly so. Food comes quickly as well because their menu is pretty small.

My usual order is a miso ramen with corn. The main reason I get corn is because the broth is a little too salty. Many people complain about this but I never really felt the extent of Monta's salty broth until the past year or so. It just seems thicker and more unhealthy than it used to be. I'm not sure if their recipes changed or if my tastes changed.

You get nori, chashu, and bamboo. Condiments you can add include garlic puree, pickled ginger, sesame oil, soy sauce, sesame seeds, and chili powder. One thing that used to bother me when I first started coming here was that they only have green tea iced and in a can. 

They also have a few other dishes besides the various ramen, including rice bowls, friend rice, cold noodles, and gyoza. For recent additions to the menu, they have the option to make your noodles spicy (+$1) or the kuro ramen, which is black garlic ramen. It's actually pretty tasty in my opinion, but I am an avid eater of garlic.

Regardless of the heavy mouthfeel of the ramen, the consistent service and food keeps regulars like me coming back.
Tonkotsu shoyu ramen. We could have this after the dinner. Too good to not to take it... Lol
Not bad, Monta Ramen... not bad at all. 

Three of my friends and I came here after a night dancing looking for some soup to appease our parched bodies. Here are some things you should expect: 

1. Parking
Easy peasy. There is a big lot, so no need to worry about that.

2. The wait
Oh my goodness. We came to this place like 40 minutes before it opened, and there was ALREADY A LINE. This being said, I HIGHLY recommend coming early & waiting, unless you want to be in the hot Las Vegas sun, grumpy, hungry, hungover and sweaty. 

3. The ramen
I ordered the new spicy tonkatsu ramen with an egg. It was SO GOOD! The broth was very flavorful and not too salty (although, I've been told that I have a salty palette.. to each his own.). The pork in the ramen was soft and melted in my mouth! My only regret is not getting extra. My boyfriend got the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with fat noodles, which was good, but definitely not as good as mine... I think his was TOO salty for my taste (which again, has been known to be on the salty side). Even thought my ramen was overall really good, I couldn't finish it because it felt way too heavy/greasy in my stomach. I actually ended up with a small stomach ache after. 

4. The service
Okay, I guess I have to cut some slack here, because there were only 2 workers manning the floor, but it took FOREVER to order/flag someone down... it kind of felt like they were ignoring us on purpose at first. Nobody likes to have to compete for attention! #middlechildsyndrome #i'mnotevenamiddlechild #yelpdoesntevendohashtags

5. The value
SUPER CHEAP! Also, a coke was only ONE DOLLAH! To me, that seems unheard of in a restaurant... 

All in all, I recommend it. If you're like me and you easily get stomach aches from food that is too heavy, buttery or greasy, I'd recommend getting a coke or a sprite with your ramen so that you can burp all out alll dat ish.
This is the first restaurant I go to whenever I visit Vegas.  No joke.  Me and my gf eat here as soon as I get off the plane, it's that good.  We first tried Monta before it received all of its well-deserved notoriety, and were able to get seated right away.  Not anymore; expect long lines until near closing time.  The atmosphere is very authentic, very small and very loud and simultaneously chill.  Service is excellent despite there being only two people working the floor at any given moment.

I always order the miso ramen with extra chasu.  It used to be my favorite until I noticed that it got a little saltier in the last few months.  So I've switched to regular Tonkotsu.  What sets Monta apart, in my opinion, is the melt-in-your-mouth goodness of the chashu, and the depth of the broth.  I consider Monta to be in the top 3 pantheon of ramen in the Western US, besting Daikokuya in Los Angeles and Hakata in Gardena.  You must try this place if you are in Vegas.
This is the spot for Ramen. My family and I travel from the NW part of Vegas near Summerlin when we want our fix. We always order the tonkatsu shoyu with thin noodles and it is never a disappointment. The place is super small which sucks for a large size party or one with little ones (our case). That means you have no choice but to wait for one of the 4 tables to clear and you find yourself awkwardly staring at the people to see who will be done soon. This is not a place to sit and chat. Just eat and go. It gets packed ALL the time. We had to put a system in place where we drive up, someone hops out the car, puts the name on the list, THEN we look for parking, and sit in the car to wait LOL. We tried a Ramen place up the street and it just did not compare with Monta. It was more spacious with less of a wait time but that didn't make up for the Ramen. We'd rather wait and let claustrophobia kick in at Monta because it is so worth it :)
Now this place is awesome, Great atmosphere! I feel like I am in a real Ramen house with all the hustle and bustle being around the small yet very effective kitchen. I got the Miso ramen and ordered a hard boiled egg. The broth was amazing, well seasoned and was not overpowering. The Ramen itself was cooked perfect and the chasu was melt in your mouth! The egg was like the icing on top. All the flavors came together in perfect harmony and was such a treat to eat. I have eaten here multiple times and is a place that I highly recommend! If you have family coming into town, this is definitely a place that you should bring them to. If you are coming to Vegas then this is also a place you should go and try, it is off the beaten path but it is worth it. Great place and will be back time and time again.
I had tried ramen two times before this. 
I did not like it. At all. 
So when my bf asked me to go with him here I was to be honest not so excited about it. 
So I ordered gyoza and shared the pork belly bowl and told my bf to just order his ramen and I would try it. Omg! The ramen was awesome I think he ordered the shoyu (spelling?) ramen! I actually liked it. Will definitely get my own bowl next time :)))
And the pork belly bowl ahhhhh my good it was soooo delicious. The gyoza which are usually my favorite were just ok. 
Go eat ramen at monta ramen even if u haven't liked it in the past.
I have been going to a lot of ramen places lately, looking for the best ones.  Some have been amazing, some not so much.  This place was sort of in the middle.  It's very small, which is appropriate for a ramen shop.  Our party of three waited for about half an hour for a table on a Friday around noon, which was to be expected.  We were seated at the bar, which has a nice little shelf underneath to put your purses on.  =)  I ordered the miso ramen and added boiled egg (nitamago).  The first few bites I thought were delicious.  Then the saltiness became a little too much for me.  I couldn't eat it all, and took about half of it home in a to-go container.  I had the rest the next day, and again, it was tasty but way too salty.  And I usually love salt.  I still ate it though.  Someone else in my party ordered the kuro ramen and loved it.  I'd go back, but maybe try a different flavor.
So this may be one of the better ramen places i've had in america (only have had in texas and vegas) but i've been to japan and had around 20 different bowls there. SInce japan, if i see ramen ill get it, only to relive that trip.

Monta, i probably the closest to authentic ramen that i've had outside of japan. Their broth is rich and has the body that a good tonkotsu broth is suppose to. The chashu is very tender and soft, but still holds its shape and doesnt fall apart. Monta just has everything spot on.

This is a definite visit when i visit Las Vegas again 5 stars!
Tonkatsu was nice. Little creamy. The Kimche rice was delicious with the red ginger but the miso soup was so salty we couldn't finish it. Alright place for ramen.
Make sure to go over the specials.  I missed my chance to have spicy tonkatsu but it's okay, cause the regular tonkatsu was PERFECT.  

The garlic oil ramen was amazing as well.  I kept stealing spoonfuls from my boyfriend's bowl. 

Definitely going to come back here every time I'm in Vegas.  Def going at 5PM because we were able to get seats quick!
Short: Everyone in Vegas, local or traveler, should go here. Best ramen I've ever had (and I've had a lot).

Long: I'm a very critical person who isn't impressed very easily. Most of my reviews on Yelp have 3, and the rare 4 stars. This is worth 5 stars. 
I went here with a friend, were a couple minutes late and had to wait. It's not in the best place in the shopping center, but doesn't matter much. Get here when they open if you don't want to wait.
We ordered their specialty Tankatsu ramen, and was served within 10 minutes (very quick). Noodles were packaged, but very good. The roasted pork on top was thin, but tender and flavorful. The rest of the toppings; mushrooms and bamboo shoots and green onion helped the ramen nicely. What makes it all go together was the soup stock. Amazing. 
On top of that, for $7 the price is totally right. Not too cheap, not too expensive. And worth every penny.

Like other reviews compare, the only contender to Monta Ramen is Sora Ramen. I suggest Monta first, definitely. I believe it's on an entire different level than Sora. But, Sora's extra cost does get you more: Thicker meat, more soup, a tad bit better topping, but the noodles and soup stock isn't as good.

Second visit: Still amazing. Had the mini mentaiko bowl. It was good, and a nice side.
Third visit: Still amazing.
The ramen is amazing! The broth is on point (spicy tonkotsu), the noodles were cooked wonderfully, and the adds were just right for me! -add ons: corn, seaweed, soft boiled egg, tender pork slices, and a little green onion. I also had the gyoza, which I made my own concoction dipping sauce from all of the different spices from the table condiments. Yum!
Yes there IS a light at the end of the Spring Mountain Road Chinese/Vietnamese restaurant tunnel!  Tucked away in the back of a somewhat crowded strip mall (on your right hand side as you pass Decatur going up Spring Mountain) is Monta Ramen.  As with most Japanese Ramen houses, this place is tiny but I think that's what makes it feel so authentic. 

What sets Monta apart from the others I've tried is the deliciously rich pork bone soup base that you know has been simmering for hours on end.  The noodles are perfect, not too firm but not soggy and the portions are just right.  And if you're crazy enough in thinking about adding that ridiculously priced $1.50 egg, do it.  Even though it costs the same as almost a dozen at the supermarket you won't regret it because it's semi runny/creamy texture blends perfectly with the soup.  Sitting at the bar, digging into my bowl of noodle heaven made me feel like I needed to start loudly slurping to show my appreciation. 

If you're in the area Monta is definitely not to be missed...or actually don't go, it'll be a shorter wait for me.  :)
Being a huge fan of noodles I consider myself somewhat of an expert on noodles.  Finding this place by searching on Yelp I really did not expect what I found.  The food here is absolutely awesome.  I could say all of the things that everyone else uses to describe the food here but for me it wouldn't be enough.  I have taken detours from cross country driving just to come here.  To me it is worth losing a day of travel time just to enjoy their food.  Recently my Dentist informed me that he had a 3 day conference in LV so I directed him to Monta.  When he came back he told me it was so good that he ate there 6 times in 3 days which means he had lunch and dinner there for 3 days in a row.  If that isn't proof of how totally awesome Monta is then nothing is.  For me it is as good as any I have had the pleasure of enjoying though I do personally consider it the best.  I have nothing against the Ramen in Japan as that is considered the mecca of ramen but Monta seems to have come from a back alley of Tokyo and shines much brighter.  At this very moment I am craving a bowl but just cannot run to Vegas right now but I would if I could because it is that good.
First off, this ramen place is in a favorite plaza of mine known for amazing food: Trattoria Nakamura-ya, Snowflake Shavery, Zen? I have had this place on my bookmarks for a while.

Stopped in today for a solo lunch- was seated quick as there was a spare spot open at the bar, but when I first went in there was a wait list. Yes, at 3PM on a Saturday. Plan ahead if you're going with a group!

Service was great- two super-sweet ladies were attentive and friendly throughout my visit. Placed my order for the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen, added the egg, nori, and shredded green onion. Initially I was put off by having to add on my favorite ingredients separately, but the silver lining to doing so was that I was able to meet the $10 credit card minimum without buying a separate appetizer.

While waiting for my bowl, I was entertained watching the guys in the kitchen making endless batches of noodles. Got my order fairly quick as the restaurant started emptying out a bit.

My first reaction was one of happy surprise: the steep $1.50 fee for green onion got me a shredded nest of it atop my bowl, an unexpectedly gigantic amount that found itself in every bite I took. In a good way! Found the noodles to be thinner than I prefer but cooked to a perfect al dente. Shredded the nori into small pieces to distribute throughout my bites. The broth lacked the depth that I've had elsewhere, but I was pleasantly surprised to use the brown garlic oil on the table and get a robust improvement in the flavor. Potential new favorite condiment alert!
Sad to note that the chashu was somehow lost among the kicked-up broth and sea of shredded onion. What is usually a highlight of my ramen experience was just mediocre here, the cut I had was not fatty nor was it particularly flavorful either.

I will likely be back because service was great and there are other varieties to try on the menu, but I was slightly underwhelmed by the bowl I got today. Location is everything though, and this noodle house is conveniently located and will likely result in repeat visits.
This place is awesome for fresh Japanese noodles.  The spicy tonkotsu is excellent.  Don't forget the kimchi fried rice.  Everything on the menu is excellent.
love this plaza! in this plaza there's foot massage, japanese curry, fluffy snow ice AND ramen!! it's basically your one stop shop to heaven! the ramen here is super flavorful and you can ask for thick or thin noodles. I also love the soft boiled egg. yummy. the fried rice and gyoza is good too! 

Go during off meal times to avoid waits!
The wife and I love it... the kids love it... great food! The place is extremely small for a really popular place. Expect to wait for a table for at least 15 to 20 mins. It's that popular. It's very worth it though. As a family, we have gone many times
Terrific spicy tonkotsu soup and the pork bellies wil  awesome defienetly going back for another more
So far the best ramen i had in Vegas. The fried rice is pretty good, it's a small portion tho.
I had the shoyu ramen with egg. I didnt like the egg since it wasnt well done. But the soup was great especially on a cold day.

The pork belly bowl was delicious and the gyoza. 

I gave it a 4 star cos of the place its too small and crowded. I feel crammed in the restaurant.
I thought the fried rice and fried rice special dishes were awesome!  But, the soup was a little too salty.  :(   

A friend of mine who is Asian said that some of the places do not mean for you to drink the broth, that it is for flavoring the meat and other stuff in the soup.  I really don't understand that.

The seating was pretty tight and some of the people sat around texting for a long time while we were waiting.  Maybe they should have some kind of alarm/timer to get people to get up and get a move-on!!  Other people are hungry....

But, overall it was good.  Might try a few other places though....
This place was very busy at 4:00pm.  We ordered the miso ramen and fried rice.  Both were ok but, nothing special.   Prices were reasonable.
Very good place to go after partying all night... The ramen fills the stomach and helps the burn of alcohol. I like how they kept the place small so it had an authentic Japanese ramen house feel. Food is inexpensive and the wait is not as bad as other ramen places I have visited. The meat just melts in your mouth and has a very soft texture. You can order the noodles hard if you want to help with the hangover from raging all night.  The style of the ramen is very similar to the ones I had in Fukuoka japan.  A must visit especially if you are hungover from the night before.
love their soup noodle, the soup taste so good. Price is very good. But bad customer service + long waiting time.
My favorite type of place by concept. When the wait is SO worth it. But we waited 2 hours to find that they had called our name 30 min after we had listed ourselves... it didn't matter, we just wanted what we came for-- ramen.

By the time we sat, our large intestine had eaten our small intestines (or so it felt) so we had to order something to tide us over while waiting for ramen, and the fried rice and pork belly bowl were absolutely delicious and did the trick. 

I ordered the special black garlic tonkatsu ramen and bear had the regular. The noodles were perfect, the bowl came out immaculate. I did learn that as much as I LOVE animal fat, I am not a tonkatsu broth fan. There was too much black garlic oil in my bowl as it over-encompassed every bite, and I feel like it should have been more of a nuance... so I could barely eat half the bowl. 

But I could see the quality and consistency (otherwise) in their food. Service was prompt and friendly. Wish I was closer to give it another 5 shots, I'd wait 2 hours again.
A friend and I stopped by around 1:30 on a Saturday. We were about 5th down the waiting list but did not wait very long. The service was quick and efficient. We ordered the Miso Ramen and the Shoyu ramen. They were both delicious. The noodles were perfectly cooked. We ordered the flavored egg in our ramen and they were AMAZING. The egg white was amazingly tender while the yolk was perfectly runny and flavorful. The broth was a tad salty if you're just drinking it when you're done with the noodles. But other than that, it was a wonderful experience.
This small crowded place makes the awesome ramen in the area. If you sick of the buffets and over priced restaurants in the strip. Then have a nice bowl of noddles where you dont see slot machines.
This place is absolutely wonderful! The restaurant may not be very spacious, but the food is great. The food is also very cheap, considering the food proportion they give out. Overall, I recommend this place for its authentic, inexpensive, and great quality foods.
the best taste.
Love this place three time here!!
Some of the best broth I've ever tasted. Slightly salty but worth it with The draft Beer and the mustard green fried rice is out o this world. Deep flavor and addicting to say the least. And in the Summer months the cold noodles with ponzu sauce is worth the trip alone!
First time eating Japanese food and is was great:) My friend from Japan came with me and my boyfriend. We loved it and will start being regulars:) The place only seats about  25-30 people if that:( It is defiantly my diamond in the ruff!!
Ramen is good. Pork Belly bowl is best! If ur rolling ten deep go mid afternoon - only way u'll get in! Broth rocks -  Tonkatsu shoyu is my fave. Spicy Tonkatsu is decent.  I suggest switching to the thicker noodles - much better in my view.  The fried rice and gyoza is notable as well. This review is a lil' late as I hadn't realized it was still in my draft pile.  Monta is amazing - I'll def be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
Ok, before I start my actual review, PLEASE READ: when you go to this restaurant, it is not a "sit and chat" type place. It is a traditional Japanese ramen shop where you eat your ramen fast and leave. Not trying to sound rude or pushy, but please respect this Japanese tradition. Plus, the line gets really long really fast, especially at noon.

The spicy Tonkotsu Ramen is my favorite. It's always listed as a special. I get that with corn added in. I LOVE IT. 

The kimchi rice is my second favorite. My parents love the cold noodles too. It's just such a unique menu despite being so short. But hey, studies show that with fewer choices, you're usually happier. 

If you aren't full after one bowl, you can ask for a refill of noodles for (I believe it's $2). But they won't give you extra broth for that cost, so save enough broth if you know you'll need another serving.
If you are a ramen fan, this is the place to be! Incredible taste all around with their whole entire menu selection!!! 

Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen -the soup was perfectly seasoned and the noodles were done in perfection. Highly recommended to order with additional sides (egg and seaweed) to complete the flavor. Also I was able to ask the waitress to take out the bamboo shoots as I don't like the taste and it's used as soup filler. 

This is a small place and it gets packed quick. It you want to come eat at this place, you should be prepared to wait in line or go early before the rush hour.
ramen is goodbut my favorite is pork belly bowlthey are very deliciousmy friend and i was really like it
I really like their noodles! If you don't like salt, you can ask less salt. Their is a long waiting line here. Everybody likes this Japanese noodle house:)
The best ramen I had had - hands down. Small place and they pack them in. I choose this over Pho more times than not.
tight space but it adds character to place. 

simple menu but it higlhly pleases my taste buds!

always have to visit this place when in vegas... cannot even find one in socal that can top this place off .
Hands down the best ramen in town! I go here at least once a week to get my ramen fix. And the prices can't be beat. One Sapporo and a bowl of ramen is always less than $15 (not including a well deserved tip). Fast and friendly service every time
Just tried Monta Ramen for the first time at the Ramen Yokocho Festival in Los Angeles.  As a SoCal native, I was blown away by how good Monta's product was.  They were easily the best bowl of ramen at the festival.

They took on Tsujita, Zagat rated and the best LA has to offer, and stood toe to toe.  I work in the Westside, so I eat at Tsujita a couple of times a month.  Monta gave them a run for their money with fine, al dente noodles, half a perfectly cooked onsen tamago, and an unctuous broth that was rich and flavorful without being too heavy.

Monta easily beat the two heavy hitters from Japan - Mattou Seimen, three time Tokyo Ramen Festival champion, and Tatsu No Ya, the #1 ramen shop in Kyushu.

Monta also took out a personal favorite, Shalala Ramen from my native NorCal, and a Googler staple.  (Shalala's Mountain View shop is 5 minutes from the Googleplex.)

Shinsengumi Hakata Ramen?  Not even a contender.

Monta Ramen is now on my short list of must-eat places in Las Vegas, along with Japanese Curry Zen.
Craving for some Ramen! Monta is the spot to go to. This place definitely satisfies your Ramen craving. There was a long wait since this place is very small and their was 8 of us. It was worth the wait!

I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen. It was mighty delicious! I also ordered a side of the dumplings, which a must try. You can tell they make it fresh, it's not your typical frozen prepackaged ones.
Spicy tonkatsu, add egg, extra pork and nori is my usual order. Love the pork belly bowl and kimchi fried rice here, as well. Place is small and there is always a wait. Well worth it though.
Finally got to try this place!!!

Ive been wanting to try the ramen here for quite some time. Perfect hangover cure while in Vegas.

I got the spicy miso ramen. I broth was very rich and flavorful. Portions are very good. I loved it. All of my friends loved it as well. The egg is cooked to perfection and the pork was perfect. One of the top ramen places for sure

I will be back the next time I'm in Vegas. Place is very packed so expect to wait, but service is fast and efficient.
This place is absolutely delicious. I can't wait to come back here. It's a small little shop with not a lot of seating room so you might have to wait 10-15 minutes, but the food is more than worth it! 

I ordered the tonkotsu with flavored egg added in. The broth is rich and creamy, and has a great savory flavor. The noodles are soft and chewy - exactly what I was hoping for! It makes me think of comfort food, that's how yummy this dish is. 

You can order extra noodles to finish your broth up with but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time. The broth and all the fixings are really filling! 

Go here, get some ramen, and learn what this dish is really all about. Although, dorm room ramen will always have a special place in my heart.
This is a fantastic ramen house. I love places like this that have a small menu but what is on the menu is mastered by the chefs. I had the tonkotsu shoyu ramen with a side of kimchi. So, so delicious. BTW, you can get a refill on the noodles if you are hungry for $1.50 & just use what broth you have left over. Amazing place.
Tiny space and they get real crowded between 12 and 2.  Come at 11:30 or wait until lunch rush is over.
My friend invited me to Monta Ramen for lunch. Our food was very delicious. I had chicken noodles and gyoza. The service was very good! I will definitely be coming back here again!
This is definitely my go-to ramen shop.  I really wish the venue was bigger but I guess the size of the establishment is part of the charm.  I like adding the egg and corn to my tonkatsu, shio and shoyu ramen.
Always five stars, except when they are way too busy. The cold noodle is extremely delicious. Add some wasabi in it and it's awesome!
Ordered the tonkatsu and the shoyu Ramen. Well, this is a place u either extremely love it or hate it never coming back. The tonkatsu soup base is way too salty, as almost the chef dumped the entire jaw in the soup. Its very very creamy and thick. It's how Japanese noodle base should be like.  And it has a very strong taste of the pork fat. Many might love the thickness, but I am not a pork fan, so is a no for me. Shoyu base is just chicken soup with soy sauce, just soso. Neither the thick wavy noodle or the thin noodle did the magic for me. I don't think I'm coming back, it's a good noodle place, just not for me.
Monta never fails!

Great service and the food is always consistent. Being selfish, I only wish they had more side dishes... Eating at your favorite place there's only so much gyoza and fried rice you can eat!!
Want some traditional Japanese ramen? This place will not disappoint. 

Food: Excellent traditional Japanese ramen. 

Price: Very reasonable 

Service: Excellent prompt and courteous service. 

I highly recommend this place if you know your Ramen and know what to expect from real ramen. 

This will be my list of place to eat while I'm in Las Vegas.
Best ramen I have had so far!  We ordered the Miso and Kuro (Tonkotsu with black garlic oil) ramen and they were both amazing.  The broth in the tonkotsu was thick and tasty.    Noodles and pork were both perfectly cooked.  Normally I try not to drink too much broth because it's so fatty and unhealthy, but the broth was so tasty I drank it all.  

The restaurant is small and the line can get long so be prepared to wait if you come in during the lunch or dinner rush.  The service is fast but don't come here if you're expecting to hang out for hours.  

Highlights:  Quick service.  Prices are very reasonable.  About $8 to $10 for ramen.  Kuro and Miso ramen are amazing!

Lowlights:   Lines can be long so be prepared to wait during rush hours.

Summary:  This off-the-strip gem is a definitely must eat if you're visiting Vegas.  Go with the Kuro and you will not be disappointed!
Best ramen I've ever tried. Dishes are fresh and made to order. The place seems as authentic as it gets and is downright legit. If you are not interested in having pork, then don't bother. Definitely wish there some chicken options. The price is great and the flavor is just right. It gets packed, so expect to wait, especially if you are more than two diners. On a warm Vegas night, you can't go wrong with some cold noodles and an ice cold Japanese beer. The gyoza is also pretty delicious and comes out exactly as pictured in the menu...every time! One of my favorite things about this place is the spicy horse radish mustard that comes on the side. It is made in house and unreal. Was not a fan of the pork belly bowl, a little too fatty and more rice than anything, but it looks like a crowd pleaser. They also have some typical Japanese canned beverages. Place is super clean, kitchen is open for all to see, and service is both prompt and courteous.
Had the spicy tonkatsu ramen. Was awesome especially for the price! Best ramen in vegas
A perfect bowl of noodles in a charming little hole-in-the-wall.

Service was welcoming, efficiently and friendly. When I read in some reviews that this wasn't the type of place you linger at, I was afraid that service might be a bit brusque. Nope! You get an enthusiastic greeting of "Irasshaimase!" from the couple of servers on the floor and the noodle chefs in the open kitchen behind the bar. Our server was courteous and we did not feel hurried. There's counter seating around the bar and maybe 5 four-tops in addition. It's not a big place, so there might be a wait if your party is larger than one or two. The AC was cranked up, which made for a very pleasant dining experience, considering you're eating hot soup in the desert.

I loved the concept of standard toppings and adding what you want on top of it. I added the seasoned egg to my bowl, which had a perfectly set, slightly gooey middle. The tonkotsu was thick and cloudy, with plenty of collagen dissolved in the soup to give you that lip-smacking sensation. Noodles were perfectly chewy, although you had to slurp fast so the hot soup didn't soften them too much. They also have Sapporo on tap in schooner sizes. Perfect, because my tummy can only hold so much liquid. 

This is definitely worth a stop whether you are heading into or out of Las Vegas.
Monta is definitely the best Ramen shop in Las Vegas. I have tried others in Las Vegas, and yes, there aren't very many, but I have tried them. I also lived in Japan for 12 years and am half Japanese and for me, Monta is a part of home. Yes it's small but that's part of the charm. Don't expect to come here and spend a lot of time conversations with family or friends you bring either. It's a quick in and out type of place so go in knowing that and respect the line of people waiting to be seated. It has a very simple but good menu with the classic of any good ramen shop. Ramen noodles, with different bases, toppings to add and gyoza and fried rice are a must also. Enjoy! I come here often and have been coming here since they opened. They have tweaked their menu and recipes for the better. They have even recently upgraded their ordering to the mini iPad.
Good and to the point. What we needed on a cold windy day after a long days work. Ordered spicy miso ramen with a side of fried gyoza and a coke. The ramen was good along with the spice. On the other hand the gyoza was okay. The service was good as well, fast and courteous.
Please tell me what the fuss is all about.

The first time I went there was with my older Son, who acted like a Japanese Cultural officionado. He schooled me in the traditions and culture of Ramen.

It was just "ok".

The second time I went with my wife. We were both disappointed. She is Korean and particular about noodle. I tried her Ramen, and wasn't very good. 

The waitress suggested a pork dish to me. I am pleased to tell you my dogs throughly enjoyed it, but I didn't it.

I have to say the servers are very nice, friendly, and quite frankly, easy on the eyes. 

I won't go back there. 

By the way, my son ended up in the US Navy and stationed in Japan for two years. When he returned, I asked him if he wanted to eat here. He informed me that it would be like a hamburger gourmet eating at Burger King.
Not those packaged noodles you eat on the poor or ate in college (isn't that all the same?).   Fresh noodles with tons of combinations of extra ingredients.

Pros:  Friendly staff
Solid food - yes it's ramen, but it's GOOD ramen
Reasonable pricing considering the portions are huge (bowl of ramen is the 
size of a toddler's head and is absolutely full of food.
Community style benched seating around the ramen bar is fun - you never 
know who your neighbor will be and you can strike up some interesting 
conversations - or not! 


Cons:  Closet sized - there's always a wait and it feels hot as hell in there
 Parking - it's in a strip mall that also houses the ever popular Raku Sweets so
 parking can get interesting
 Soda is only served in cans.  I'm a thirsty person and this gets to be an issue
 after the first two.  I am well aware that most asian restaurants do this and I 
 understand that, but doesn't change my hope that I'll see something different.
Awesome joint. Expect a long wait because it's just that good. The pork belly bowl! The pork belly bowl! Yes it delish but the care taken with the broth is the real key.  Be prepared to meet new people because there isn't room to avoid them. 

If you are looking to camp out for hours avoid this place cause I want your seat!
One of the better ramen places and it's located in Las Vegas! This place is a must if you love Japanese-style ramen and happen to be in Vegas.

I am a big fan and there's a real science about making that perfect bowl of ramen. The broth is essentially 70% of the main ingredients that either can make or break a bowl of ramen.

Monta is well-known for their pork and chicken broth or the combination of the two. Had the tonkotsu ramen with thin noodles in pork broth included two slices of pork chashu, black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, green onions and an addition of nitamago (marinated soft boiled egg).

The ramen was really delicious. Even our Japanese colleagues thought the ramen was pretty good being in the US.

This place is not very big so it can get rather crowded so expect to wait during lunch hours.
Hands down Monta has the best Japanese ramen in Las Vegas. I've tried my fair share of ramen places in Los Angeles and Vegas, and it's safe to say Monta beats everybody out of the park. The noodles are perfectly cooked every single time. The broth is perfectly filled with flavor but not too heavy at the same time. I love the thin noodles. I also love all their fried rice cooked to order and their gyoza appetizer. I'm not a huge fan of the 2 new ramen specials, but Monta never fails.
3 1/2 stars. Came in for lunch during the week. I sat at the counter due to the full house and went with the Tonkotsu shoyu ramen with egg and extra chashu.

Sitting at the counter I was able to watch them prepare the ramen and noticed there was a chef in training. When I received my bowl all looked decent and tasted good with the exception that the ramen was overcooked and soggy. The patron next to me received his bowl and he ordered double meat and they only give him a single serving also which wasn't cool either. 

Service was decent, but lets get it together in the kitchen!
Well a co worker and I decided to go here for lunch. ( she frequents this spot).
The wait at lunch time was not horrible and the service was speedy. We got in and seated and ordered food within 5 minutes.
After ordering the food was up about minutes later ( everything is already ready to go in the back it's just noodles and pork essentially). The food was pretty tasty and and at a good temperature.The texture was great and he serving was large for the price.
The reason for the low rating. I am have never had such an upset stomach after eating any other food. I will try again, maybe a lighter dish and see if there is another reaction. However this did make me awfully ill.
I had the pork & chicken broth & my husband had the miso broth 
The noodles were the perfect thickness the char siu was soft, the egg was more of a hard boiled instead of soft boiled. I like when the yolk is runny in the soup

The pork belly bowl is a must have full of flavor! Must get the large size!
We were there at 5PM and restaurant was getting full.  For good reason, as there nothing bad to say about this place.  

Ramen is extremely reasonably priced around $7 or $8, portions are not enormous but filling.  Low use of msg, as I'm not thirsty at all after the meal.  Noodles are cooked perfectly.

The star is the black sesame ramen, very rich flavor, one of the best ones I've tasted.

This small restaurant can be easily missed on Spring Mountain Road.  Best thing to do is use the GPS for first timers.

Highly recommended!
Honestly, I don't think this place is as good as I expected. Ive tried some other ramen place tastes much better,I don't know why it's always packed, service is ok.
Been in the neighboring stores and always saw a line running out of monta ramen. There are lots of ways you can do ramen, they have a limited selection.  The ramen choices they do have all delicious. But I'd have to say their fried race stood out the most to me
Extremely friendly service like a sushi restaurant. But you have to really like Ramen because that's about all they have. And it just didn't seem like the food was easy to get excited about.
Legit ramen spot in Vegas!! 

The tonkatsu broth is so clean and flavorful and the noodle are just perfect! Sometimes they have a spicy tonkatsu special and that's my favorite since it adds a little kick! The only thing is the egg could be better. 

Very small place inside so go early.
best ramen in LV
So delicious, and I've had my share of tonkatsu ramen.  Perfect balance between the stock and that back fat :D. Served with thin noodles and cha shu.  The cha shu melts in your mouth however I think it competes with the fattiness of the soup. Personally I prefer a more meatier cha shu but this is pretty damn good.

The gyozas were delicious I definitely recommend them.

I would probably skip the pork belly bowl though. While it is still good, I've seriously had better. 
 
Oh and if you're really hungry $2 will get u an extra portion of ramen. Good deal.

An all around solid choice!
Best Ramen in Vegas,  no kidding. The soup base is authentic.  A friendly atmosphere place to eat
We've been back since our unfortunate incident and I'm happy to say that it's back to being our favorite ramen spot (:
This year, we've seen influx of new Ramen establishments in Las Vegas. Yet, Monta holds on to the throne. Sure, the long wait can be daunting, but it's for a reason.
First tried Monta at one of the Japanese Ramen festivals out in Torrance, CA. There were maybe several competitors but not one jazzed me. Except enter Monta. Small booth tucked in a corner. No heavy signage just three folks sweatin in the polstering heat serving up what unbeknowst to me the best ramen showcasing. Found out that they have a location out in Las Vegas and decided to take some family members out there to give it a try.

Got there 30 minutes before they opened. All of us hungover from the night before, only to see that there is a line about to form! We turned off our engines parked and snagged in front of the line. in 30 minutes I kid you not, at least 40 others joined. Luckily we were in front. 

Starving and dehydrated. We ordered. I settled for the Spicy Tonkotsu with the added green onions, two slices of chashu, bamboo shoots and kikurage. Added additionally the Nori + Nitamago. (dry seaweed and hard boiled egg, respectively) some corn, etc. My gal got the Tonkotsu BLACK. and whoa. I've never had a ramen to that degree ever in my 30 years of life. What is this? A smoky flavored broth? almost like a bbq tang? THIS was my highlight. It was unusual. It was weird. But in the most gnarliest of ways a ramen can be. I highly recommend that one. 

fyi: their Chasu Bowl is one of the better ones I have experienced in all of CA. Definitely worth it as a side dish. 

As a matter of fact. I am visiting MONTA again for MDW (Memorial Day Weekend) I am coming back. It wouldn't be a successful Vegas trip without a visit to Monta. Seriously best Ramen in town.
This place hands down is a much if your in Vegas. A little pass Chinatown you find yourself in a tiny hole in the wall but the wait is all worth it. Daily fresh noodles and broth to sip up.
Compared to Sora Ramen, I like this much better.  We had the thin noodles and they were al dente. The broth was also thicker and tastier. Try the takana fried rice (with mustard greens). It was also very tasty!
First Las Vegas Ramen I tried and I liked it.

Had their spicy tonkotsu ramen bowl and it was quite good. Also tried their fried rice and gyoza, both were not bad. No complaints. I actually the price was cheaper than bay area places.

Will go back to this place when craving ramen in Las Vegas. Maybe try their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen next time.
Great overall!!!!
Keep in mind, a 4.5 would probably be spot on. I went here on my last trip to Vegas in Fall of 2013 and hadn't had time to review it.  I just came back from a Vegas trip where I made 2 trips here it was that good.  Keep in mind, this little food shopping plaza is a gem in general if you have a car to drive off the strip.

My first time on this recent trip, I went with one of their specials, Kuro Black Garlic Oil Ramen.  There was this amazing, but not overly powerful garlic flavor. I somewhat wish it was more noticeable to be honest.  But everything else in terms of the noodles, chasu and broth was spot on.  I  have a soft spot for corn and an egg... and extra noodle of course =D

My second visit on this recent trip was... right before my flight actually.  I went with my sure bet, the delicious Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen.  Again, the broth was very tasty and flavorful.  The spice is OK, but not as spicy as I probably would have liked/tolerated.  

Until I can find better, my go to ramen/hangover spot.
Comfort food in a bowl of heaven!  We lucked out and got a seat at the counter within 5 minutes.  Which was fine with me! I love to watch chefs in action. I got the Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu Pork and Nitamago.  The broth was smoky and out of this world!  The portions were huge!  Our server was a sweetheart!  Another great place for my late night cravings!
The ramen is okay (not as good as I thought it would be). The fried rice is better than the noodles.
Excellent roast pork slices.  The broth and noodles were good.  Service and atmosphere was what you'd expect from a popular noodle house: packed but efficient.
Taste: 3
Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5
Atmosphere: 2.5
Service: 4
Bang for your buck: 4

I LOVE RAMEN, ive gone to japan for one day just to eat at my favorite ramen spot, so when i was told that vegas has some of the best ramen i had to hop on the next flight and try this place out. Lets start with atmosphere, located in china town in a small shopping mall and if your dropped off by a cab good luck trying to get another one unless you call (TIP) The place is small and well its packed all the time i go at least so get here early or try an off night. The inside is exactly how it is in japan SMALL and casual so taking a date here on your first date wouldnt be ideal but you can try raku next door. Now to the good part FOOD, i love the noodles here cooked perfectly not chewy and over cooked like a lot of ramen places (note: ramen is all about the noodles so i give the noodles alone 4 stars) down to the broth which was well a little too salty not a bad broth but def overpowered the noodles and chasu so i had to deduct points. Service here is well my experience was great, server sat us fast and got our order perfect, and key point kept my WATER full which is my biggest thing at any  restaurant; why you ask because its the easiest thing to do and well most places fuck up and thats how i determine tip as well (TIP) Overall this is the ramen spot to go to in vegas so far until something else pops up but however this is still not the best well at least in vegas it is thank you Monta i will return!
Best ramen in Vegas, hands down.  I have tried other ramen shops but I always find myself back here.  Monta has delicious broth and great noodles.  I like the wavy thick noodles that is offered in the miso ramen and shoyu ramen.  The thin straight noodles are good too but I like the thick kind.  You can choose from Tonkatsu (pork), Shoyu, Tonkatsu-Shoyu, or Miso broth.  You can make any broth spicy.  There is also a new broth that is the Tonkatsu broth with black garlic oil.  Sounds yummy.  The broths are all great and there are yummy add-ins.  I always add corn.  If you are feeling extra indulgent add some butter!  I like to wear a dark colored shirt so that you can't see all of the splash marks from the soup. 

The sides are good to start off with.  The fried rice is actually pretty amazing.  The chunks of meat in the fried rice are delicious.  Gyoza is always a safe bet too.

Expect to wait.  That is the only reason I am not here more often.  I hate waiting to eat.  This restaurant is tiny and there are a lot of Monta fans out there.  You can try their other location Monta Chaya in Henderson if you are closer to that side of town.  Haven't been myself but it's owned by the same people. 

Happy Ramen-ing :D
My favorite noodle place in Vegas so far.

I had the Miso Ramen. Make sure you ask for butter and corn in your order. I tried the egg in it and was not a fan. If you ask for green onion be prepared for a lot of green onion.

This is not a big place. We did not wait but it was mid afternoon on a Sunday. Most of the time there is a line.
This place is great. Fast past environment with some of the best ramen in town. I recommend getting the karrage followed with your choice of ramen. No desserts here. This place also gets super busy, best to get there early or before they close for a chance to get best seating.
Their ramen really hit the spot after a weekend of TOO much fun. It's a really small store so you might have to wait. There's a bar that you can sit at which is also really crowded. My friend got the pork bowl and it tasted too fatty for me. 

One star off because I felt sick after from all the msg. But that's just me. If you don't mind msg, it'll be 5 stars for sure.
Yummmmers......I haven't had this good of ramen since my visit to Japan last year... atmosphere, friendly employees, not to mention! Awesome price for such a delightful bowl of ramen! Note... for extras; the boiled egg and/or corn is a must! Extra tenderloin or charsu if you're a meat lover!
My favorite ramen spot her in Vegas. Their slow roasted pork is the best. Nice atmosphere. Great tasting food. Filling. Easy on the wallet.
The fried rice is my favorite,  made with fried pork belly. How can you go wrong?  Actually, it is tied with the miso ramen.  I have been wanting to try the new ramen with black garlic oil but I just love my favorites so much I can't bear not ordering them.  Whenever im in Vegas I HAVE to eat here and now im a regular here even though my home is 2500 miles away.  That's how great this place is.
Oh Monta..a place I can go to escape the craziness of Las Vegas and enjoy the delicious simplicity of ramen.  

You can count on the place being busy.  Not the ideal place for big parties.  

The broth is superb.  I usually have the cha-shu with an egg.  Perfect hangover cure.  

When in Rome, eat Monta,
I came here as a result of Yelp reviews. Totally worth it. I had the Tonkotsu ramen. So rich and creamy! Like savory, meat flavored buttery broth! I was worried that I would have a belly ache because it was so rich, but no, I was just fine! I didn't have any add-ins and I was so full! 

My daughter had just had her wisdom teeth out a few days prior and was dying for some real food. She had the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen. By the time she was done, she looked like a whole new person. When she walked in, she was pale and tired, her eyes were glassy. By the time she was done eating her ramen, she had a rosy glow in her cheeks and she perked up 100%! It was like ambrosia. 

We loved this place so much that when my friend came to visit from the San Francisco Bay Area the next day, we went again. My friend is a food snob and was leery that Monta would be anywhere near as good as her beloved Orenchi in Santa Clara (I've eaten there, it is heavenly). Monta definitely passed her high standards. I couldn't get her to admit that Monta was better, but she did agree that it was at least equal!

Very friendly and attentive staff. Small eating area, but just make sure you come before or after the normal busy times. We didn't have a wait either time when we went around 6:30pm, but worth the wait if you have to. 

If you are looking for a good ramen place, this is it! If you think ramen comes in a package with a seasoning packet, go here and prepare to be schooled. SO ONO!
I read the term "complex tasting broth" in a review for another ramen place and I never got the term till I tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen here. Best ramen ever! The fried rice is pretty good to but the gyoza is nothing to rave about.
despite the cold or hot weather that vegas gets whenever we are in vegas this place is a MUST on our list now! We stumbled upon this amazing place through yelp since we are from San Diego and we were unfamiliar with the area we usually mainly stay on the stripe when were in vegas but today was different we wanted to get away from the crazy scene and do something else and boy am I glad we did! 

We came during a weird time around 230/300 so the place was pretty empty but I'm sure during lunch and dinner they are packed considering they only have a handful of tables. When you enter you instantly smell the delicious broth. We were welcomed and seated instantly. When we looked at the menu I was surprised to see that the
Menu was small! It only had about 4 entrees and half Of them were ramen with the other half side dishes so instantly I knew that this place was going to be delicious since they only specialized on one type of dish! i got the miso ramen while my fianc got the tonkatsu (did I spell that right? Lol) ramen. Both were delicious it's ridiculous how much flavor the broth had! Hands down the best ramen place that I have tried so far! 

As for service I have no complaints either everyone was friendly and greeted us when we entered and when we left! Like I said this place is a MUST now for us whenever we are in vegas and I can't wait till I go back again! 

Side note: when we got back to our hotel room after eating here we turned on the food channel and they happened to be on tv! I thought it was a pretty funny coincidence but it just goes to show how yummy this place is! (:
If you're not a fan of sirachi chili sauce then pass on the spicy version of ramen and instead use the condiment chili oil on the table. I prefer korean kochojung to sirachi sauce. Good ramen, good broth! ...
Good Ramen.  You won't regret coming here.  I had a bowl of rich Ramen with pork and a side of Kimchi.  Very good tasting broth.  Service was very friendly and quick.  I'd come back any time.
I love this place... the waiting sucks, the small seating area sucks, but once you sit down and start eating all those sucky parts melt away. You have to order their ramen. This time I got tonkatsu-shoyu - pork/soy sauce..? Extra order of noodles and added 1 egg, 3 extra orders of chashu (I absolutely do not regret this), half order of pork belly, gyoza and fried rice (mustard leaves). I loved everything, the gyoza and pork belly I can live without, but the ramen and chashu and fried rice was pure heaven for me. Regretting that I moved out of Vegas.
During a foodie excursion to Vegas, we wanted to eat something delicious, yet budget-friendly. After pouring over a few years' worth of Vegas Weekly magazines, authentic Japanese ramen at Monta Ramen made the cut. The restaurant was crowded, but we scored seats! We split an order of kuro ramen and kimchi fried rice.  The slurp-worthy broth was full of flavor and quite excellent, and the noodles were chewy and delicious. It was my first time having kimchi fried rice and it was love at first bite. By now, I've probably eaten my weight in fried rice, but Monta Ramen's kimchi variation was kickass. Monta Ramen for the best ramen in Vegas!
come for their RAMEN and make sure when you order you ask for the squiggly noodles, made that mistake today.  I ate the cold noodles two years ago and they def hit the spot on a HOT day in vegas. 

This time I went for the spicy tonkatsu....the flavor was so balanced and then to make it spicy they put some of that korean hot pepper paste that sets it on fire from the inside of the bowl and out.  I cannot wait for Monta to come to Texas!!
I'm not big on ramen but this place is legit. There broths are flavorful, noodles are not over cooked, and there toppings are good too. You know its legit when there's ALWAYS a wait, then again this place is SUPER small. Every time I come here I have to wait at least 30 min but that's okay, its worth it. Prices are fairly average for a bowl of ramen. I'll def be back when i'm back in Vegas. :)
Great!  The soup stock has depth w/o being too porky.   The noodles have nice texture and soak up the soup as well.   The char-chu bowls are better than those I tried in Japan the pork belly bowls tastes like pork version of Yoshinoya, skip it, too much mirin and sugar.  I think it's great that the menu is so focused even for a ramen shop and perfect that the rice bowls come in small and large so I don't have to choose or over eat (too much).  I have tried ramen in many places, I did not expect this in Vegas!
a must try when in vegas they have amazing noodles and their friend rice WOW!! loved it.....will be going again when im in the area
Yeah buddy -- this ain't Top Ramen for those rookies out there.  I've been eating ramen my entire life and made time to check this place out after a long day at a pool on the strip.

They have great options available for every taste -- hot/cold, meat/veggie.  I had the spicy Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with egg and extra pork.  The kimchee side was perfect.  Although I don't look it, I'm half asian and when I walked up there were asians everywhere so I knew it was probably legit LOL.

Make time to leave the buffets and tourist traps on the strip and eat here once.  Plan accordingly because you may have to wait to eat since seating is very limited.  My group of three lucked out this day but the people after us had to wait.
My buddy's been raving about Monta Ramen for as long as I can remember. Me, I just can't justify a soup as a meal, so I had never been before today. With only 4 hours of sleep and a 12nhour workday, a bowl of soup sounded like the perfect way to end my day. The spicy miso I ordered was delicious, and I ate every last drop of soup after finishing the noodles. I still will not change my stance of eating ramen as a meal, but if I have a craving for ramen I'm sure I'll come back in to Monta.
I really don't know what the hype is for this ramen place. This is my second time here because I thought I would give this place another try. Perhaps this is the best ramen place in Vegas, but if it is, I feel sad that people who live here haven't truly experienced good ramen. 

The ramen noodles are overcooked and soggy. The broth does not taste like it has been cooked long enough with pork and chicken. If you like the type of broth that is not super thick though, this type of broth might be for you. Flavors seem to be added in after the fact rather than blended in. Something seems off about the whole ramen experience. I give it 2 stars because this place does try and has decent customer service.
After having ramen from the restaurant down the road,  I was quite disappointed in Monte Ramen.  

It was relatively easy to find...on the right side of Spring Mountain Road as you drive east. The parking lot is shared with other busy restaurants.  I could feel a slight breeze from the air conditioning which was really helpful since it was 100 degrees outside! 

The interior was small and dark. There were 5 tables and 9 counter seats. There were a few chairs for customers to wait for a table. Make sure you get your name on the clipboard! 

The gyoza was shocking. ..it looked pale and undercooked,  like it was just fried on one of its 3 sides.  The inside was bland and flat tasting. 

On the other hand,  the miso broth was really salty and the noodles were too soft. I didn't finish it.  The toppings of green onion, bamboo shoots & black fungus were room temperature as if they were hastily thrown on the top. 

I would only go back if the competition down the road was full and if there was no line.  If there was a line,  go to the other restaurants right next door!  Sorry...
Their Kuro Ramen was soooo good. The black garlic oil had a nice kick to it. The pork was so soft it melts in your mouth. Wish I had order a triple order of the pork had I known. One of the better ramen joints I've had in awhile.
It was quite the adventure finding this place since I am from out of town and this establishment is located in the depth of a strip mall in Chinatown.... but we found it! And I am SO glad that we did! They have the best ramen that I have had so far (in life). Oh my goodness! 
So the restaurant itself would be best described as cozy... I wouldn't come strolling in 10+ people deep. Most of the seating appears to be surrounding the kitchen in a bar-like fashion. The menu is pretty basic and to the point - easy enough to order. You have a selection of noodles/ramen dishes to choose from... then you can add extras like egg, nori, etc. The basic ramen dishes are pretty filling themselves....but I added egg and nori for more flavor. Oh. My. God. It's like a flavor explosion. Maybe I'm not experienced enough in the ramen world.... but view become a bit obsessed trying it everywhere I go... and I'm not even exaggerating when I say that this is the best ramen I've had (so far). If you're a lover of ramen, STOP HERE!
have to try: its very small so expect to wait but the service is very quick. The menu is very simple but very good. Three to four ramens to choose from and a variety of extras to add into your ramen.

Recommend the Kimichi fried rice!!
Went in during rush hour, which sucked because this place is super small and probably only sits about 30 or less people. We ended up waiting a really long time for our seats.

This place is supposedly the best ramen place in Las Vegas. Came out here and expected it to be awesome. However my opinion wouldn't matter because I'm not Japanese so how would I really know if this place is legit? 

I ordered the spicy tonkotsu shoyu ramen with extra egg and pork. It was alright... Kinda meh. I expected more. This place is just an ordinary ramen place to me. 

We came in as a group and asked for separate checks, but the worker didn't want to give us separate checks because apparently it was too complicated for her.
Get 2 things!  It's just so good!  I'd almost come to Vegas solely for the ramen here.  Every time we come to visit we rent a car just so we can come off the strip and eat here!  All their ramens are fantastic and a great deal.  The pork is extremely tender and we always get an extra rice bowl with the chiashu pork!

The reviews really speak for themselves here.  The only thing that's a problem is that the place is too small.  There's almost always a wait, but no complaints here.
Holy crap. I had one of the best dishes I've had in Vegas at Monta. Being a hot day, I ordered the cold noodles. The plate consisted of perfectly cooked, cooled ramen noodles with an assortment of toppings including perfectly-ripe sliced tomato, memna (which were the absolute best I've had without that odd, chemical taste), shredded egg, crunchy tree fungus, slightly marinated bean sprouts, thin sliced spring onion, and topped with a creamy, seeet, vinegary sesame dressing.

Amazing.
All the reviews are right!  WOW! So good. I had the Miso $7.25 for a bowl of delishesness
Still my favorite ramen place in town after many years. Miso ramen and the new Kuro (black garlic oil) ramen are both unbelievably great. Just took a newbie there today and he was amazed at the taste of his Miso ramen. A word of advice--this place gets packed during regular meal times (11am-3pm and 5pm-9pm), so expect a 30 minute wait. Or if you are a eat anytime guy like me, then go eat at 4pm and you would not have to wait in line!
Blistering hot July 4th weekend... Ramen? Okay! Place opened at 11:30 and at 11:07 there were already 15 people ahead of us. Luckily the place seats a bit more (20 maybe?) so we made the cut! The chashu was amazing. Super soft, melt in your mouth fatty fatty pieces! The pork belly bowl was also very good.
One of my favorite ramen place .... Busy busy place but worth the wait...
Having never been in Vegas before, I trusted my stomach in the hands on Yelp! I was thoroughly impressed with Monta Ramen. The food, environment, and service was great. I loved everything!
Best ramen I had in a while. Try the one with chicken and pork brother, also the pork belly rice bowl, you can't go wrong W this 2 dish !
This is probably best ramen ONLY in Las Vegas area but with very small margin with every other ramen place in town.  I had some yesterday because I felt like it.  I don't know what it is but food is Las Vegas sucks most of the time and this place is heading toward that way.  Honestly I really want to stop tipping people because they don't deserve it and Why should i pay for their salary when they do only minimum amount of service for each table?  Anyways I hate sitting under AC wall unit because it is making my ramen cold too fast and you charge two dollars for your damn broth that was ruined by crappy AC.  can't wait till the day when we don't have to tip at a restaurant.
This place is awesome! Ive always seen there has been lines out the door soni decided to check out the popularity. The food here is spectacular! Cant wait to eat here again!

Saori is always my sever and she is awesome! Her hospitality is the best. She is super beautiful too! I love you....I mean youre awesome hahaha ;)
Wow, this is the best ramen I have had in Vegas.

Keep in mind the place is super tiny, maybe seats 20 at most...and A/C doesn't really work so it is like sitting in a UPS truck(not that I've ever been in one but...u get the idea)

We were seated almost right away even though there were ppl waiting in front of us(perhaps they are in large groups).  The lady who seated us was really nice, later on there was another waitress who brought our ramen to us, cute and also nice(I think it is probably the owner and her daughter as they look alike), of course the 5 stars isn't based on the looks but honestly it does help a little(even without it, the ramen itself still deserves 5 stars).  We tried the #1 tonkotsu ramen with thin noodles, it was very rich in flavor, but our favorite was the Kuro ramen(the tonkotsu broth with black garlic oil), it was superb! and the chashu was not only buttery but also taste like it was grilled first!

There is also a shave ice place in same plaza which is also very good, and a foot massage place(make sure you yelp for the one with 4 stars, not the one with 1 star... :P)

I hope they open one in LA soon!
perhaps my expectations were too high.

i had the black garlic ramen. was not impressed. soup too salty. ramen noodles not chewy enough. sorry monta, wanted to love you but was disappointed.
One of the best ramen spots I've ever been to by far. Def try it if your around this area.
Love some tasty ramen. The place is small and seating goes quickly but people eat fast so usually the wait isn't long. Service is good. The noodles are tasty and big portions! Parking kinda sucks if they're busy.
Black Garlic Oil Tonkatsu Ramen
- super SALTY, my tongue was slightly numb because of all the salt
- broth was viscous and very fatty.  it was like liquid cholesterol.
- pork slices was good

unfortunately due to my stomach cramps followed by greasy bowel movements, I cannot give this place more than 2 stars
I've tried a lot of different ramen spots in Vegas. All of which, have ranged from the mediocre to the very awesome. After devouring a bowl at Ramen Sora, I'd rate their stuff somewhere in my top 3 bowls or ramen around Vegas. It's definitely worth checking out. Here's what I got:

-Mini chashu curry bowl: I was amazed at how flavorful their Japanese curry is. Lots of savory deliciousness packed into a mini bowl. It makes for a great starter.
-Spicy miso ramen: The broth has a great flavor to it, though I was expecting it to actually be spicy. Noodles were really good too (touted to be made from a recipe straight from Sapporo, Japan). I sampled the shio broth from others at my table. I'd have to say that I preferred my miso broth over it.
-Kurogoma Dango (Dessert) - Tastes like homemade mochi with a sweet bean filling inside. It's something either you like or hate. Doesn't hurt to try for $2 (3 pieces).

The parking is pretty convenient since it's not part of a strip mall, the interior is spacious for a ramen spot, and staff is really friendly and welcoming. It's safe to say that it's all enough to keep me coming back.

Quick Notes:
-They don't serve alcohol yet, but they are working on it!
-Order a large bowl ($1 more) if you're hungry. They don't do noodle refills.
I saw the talk thread on this and decided to swing by here after work for a quick dinner.  I got the spicy miso ramen bowl.  It was very tasty, but not spicy.  The ramen noodles were nicely cooked.  Very hot broth, which I hear is a requirement.  The broth was also very tasty, but fatty.  It's pork based (by boiling black pork bones, to be specific) and I could see the oil floating in it.  But that's not a bad thing.

The ramen came with two pieces of pork, an egg, green onions... there was some ginger in there... it was hard for me to identify all the goodness.  The pork was so delicious.  The egg was perfectly cooked.  The thing I like best is that it was not as salty as Monta.  I didn't wake up in the middle of the night to chug a gallon of water.  Oh, and their spoons have little notches that keep them from falling into your soup.  It's the little things that count with me.

I also tried Kurogoma dango for dessert which was mochi balls stuffed with red bean paste and rolled in black sesame.  Three for $2.  Delicious!

It was about half full when I went - pretty good for opening night.  Service was fast and friendly.  I also like their hours, 11:30am to 11:00pm everyday - very convenient and easy to remember.  It's close to my work and I like that I can get a ramen craving at 3pm and get it taken care of.

Four stars for now because they don't serve beer yet.  Ramen without beer can be a little depressing.  But they have Sapporo listed on the menu, Sapporo glasses, and Sapporo paraphernalia all over the place, so it's only just a matter of time.  Also, if my husband gives it his seal of approval, I'll bump it up - beer or no beer.  Looking forward to many visits to this great find. Thanks Mike H. for starting the talk thread on this!
As I pulled into the parking lot 5 mins after opening, I saw 4 other Asian cars parking so I quickly parked without paying attention to if I was anywhere within the lines (holding true for my  bad Asian drivers) and bum rushed quickly inside.

Within minutes the place was packed with several parties waiting. We may have been the only non Jap party there.

The ramen offers miso or shio soup - no tonkatsu but they do offer a spicy option. We ordered the Delux Shio Ramen which came with 3 pieces of chashu, egg, manma, nori, and chives. In addition we ordered the Spicy Miso.  The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente and had the perfect bite.  The noodles are similar to the texture of the Miso Ramen at Monta, not the thinner noodles from their Tonkatsu. I ordered both broths to see if they offered more noodle selections but it seems they offer one. Nevertheless I prefer thick cut.  Both of the broths were super rich and full of flavor. 

The kurogoma dango dessert was decent - u could tell it was made at least a day in advance. With the consistent flow of business, maybe they can make it fresh daily and it would def be better. 

So is it better than Monta? I would say no but I always order the Tonkatsu and enjoy the intimacy and atmosphere. But it's definitely a competitor and I'm all for more ramen offerings!
HA!  I get to be the first person to review, and who better than a real Japanese person with more Ramen experience in Japan than 99.9% of Vegas.

I actually think that I may have eaten at Ramen Sora in Sapporo more than 10 years ago, as Ramen Sora is somewhat well known ramen restaurant chain in Sapporo.

As some of you may know, Sapporo style ramen is miso based (as opposed to Hakata style is tonkotsu based or tokyo style is soy sauce based), and this place is no exception, miso being their specialty, although this restaurant serves miso and shio (salt) style broth.

This restaurant is located in a building that was formerly occupied by "Whale Island" Korean restaurant, but inside, the decor is simple and modern Japanese now.

The menu is simple as an authentic ramen house should be:  Shio and Miso, and you could choose several toppings as well as side dishes.  Unfortunately, they don't have their liquor license yet, so I could not have beer, and they also ran out of gyoza during lunch hour, but I did have their fried rice which was as good as that of Monta's.

I had spicy miso, and also tasted my wife's miso ramen, and let me tell you....if you like miso ramen at Monta....you will be blown away.

I personally do not like miso ramen at Monta, and just stick with their tonkotsu ramen, but spicy miso ramen at Sora is the real deal.  Very thick, flavorful, and a lot of umami, and has a lot more of a "kotteri" flavor and texture like the real sapporo ramen should have.  I would rate this spicy ramen A, as opposed to monta's miso ramen being B- for me.  

In summary, this is a REAL Japanese ramen house with Japanese chefs and waitresses.  Not some bogus ramen house with waitresses dressed in anime character and stuff.  This is where you go if you want the real deal and I am so happy to have another ramen house that can give Monta a run for its money, as well as having more dining space so that you don't have to wait forever for the hipsters and non Japanse asians to finish twittering and Fb'ing their dining experience as you see in Monta.
Thank goddess a decent ramenhouse has opened in Vegas. I used to live in Cali and went for ramen several times a week (yes, I am an addict). I'm very picky about the quality of my ramen, and Monta, Shuseki, Ichiza, etc. just don't cut it. (Personally, I think Monta is highly overrated. I gave it at least 5 visits to make sure, and it still does nothing for me. But that's for another review.)

Finally Vegas has something that lives up to the better places in California. I would rank it in my top five ramens, having explored San Francisco, San Mateo, San Jose, Santa Monica and Los Angeles. 

Like any typical ramenhouse, Sora's space is limited. Most likely you'll have to wait for a table, and they don't take reservations. Your best bets are to come either early or late into the peak dining hours. But please don't go right before closing. If you've ever waited tables, you know how annoying this is, especially when these latecomers assume they can hang out for hours after closing time when all the chairs are put up and floor mopped. And then tip 10%. But I digress.

On opening night, we ordered the fried rice with special sauce, an interesting combination. The special sauce was a thick, opaque cornstarch-ladden concoction, a little salty and tinged with chopped scallions. It somewhat reminded me of the more rural Japanese breakfast noodles dipped in "slime." If you're not into this type of texture, then steer clear away from the special sauce. Overall, it gave an interesting contrast to the savory fried rice and pickled ginger (the red slivered kind, not the sweeter sushi kind). 

The gyoza was decent, nicely crispy bottoms with a chewy skin. But what blew me away was their homemade dipping sauce. I haven't had this good a sauce in so long. It was a perfect balance of soy sauce, sesame oil, vinegar, garlic. I couldn't get enough. 

My entire table ordered miso, half of us the spicy version. I do agree with other reviewers that the spicy was not very, but it did have that little extra karamiso kick prevalent at some other ramenhouses. No need to supplement with a side of kimchi here (which they don't offer on the menu anyway). The broth was succulent, rich and oh-so flavorful with bits of fat dotting the bowl. Oftentimes the richer the broth, the less they tend to give you, and Ramen Sora makes no exception in that. Personally I would prefer just another half-to-one more ladle of broth, but what they DO serve you will be pretty sufficient for most people.

One of the highlights of my heaven-in-a-bowl was the chashu. Thick cut and hearty, yet so tender it almost disintegrates in your chopsticks -- let alone melt in your mouth. You can tell the pork has been well-cooked for a good length of time, letting the fat render into the succulent meat itself.

The noodles are the other highlight. Thick, hearty, perfectly-cooked...in a word: amazing. Ramen Sora's noodles are deliciously chewy, making a nice mouthful after mouthful. 

(One of the most disappointing things about MONTA is their style of noodle. Admittedly, this is just my opinion, but I do not care for their sliver-thin wimpy noodles. They hold no flavor, and the texture reminds me of oversoaked bean thread.)

The servers are friendly and attentive, and I'm sure quite shocked at how slammed they were on opening day. Word of ramen travels fast anywhere you go.

I stopped by after work today to get a couple orders to take home. Not surprisingly, I was their very first take-out order. I was amused to watch them explore how to pack their wonderful ramen for travel. Unfortunately, because the eggs are only parboiled/partially cooked and are meant to complete cooking when served in broth, they weren't able to supply me with egg. I asked if they could give me a fully-boiled egg, but the chef wasn't able to at this time. No biggie. Instead, I opted for extra menma (fermented bamboo) because I love the flavor and "chewy" crunch. I'm sure they'll work out this small detail in the future. 

The noodles held up well hours later, as well as a stovetop reheating of the broth. The flavors were all there, and at home I can slurp in comfort!

Some will come to Sora and knock it down because they're only familiar with Monta. Others will become complete converts. Whatever your preference, I still highly recommend you give all styles of ramen a try. It is diversity that makes life interesting after all, isn't it?
**Summary**
       - Ramen - Their ramen is a bit thicker than your average ramen. It's suppose to be an original recipe from Saporro Japan.
       - Flavor - Their barbecued pork is unrivaled in its tastiness. Since practically everything on the menu includes it, you'll probably try it in one of their dishes.
       - Saltiness - All the dishes were a little too salty for me, but all the good ramen places in Vegas seem super salty. With that said, it's less salty than Monta, which was my previous ramen place.
       - Super size - You can order a large version of the ramen bowls for $1 more.
**Ramen**
       - I got a bit confused with the menu when I first looked at it, so here's my explanation of the ramen.
       - Two things main things make up the base. One is pork and the other you have a choice of Miso or Shio (Salt).
       - They all come with half an egg, one piece of pork, and menma (bamboo shoots).
          - Chashu Ramen has 2 extra pork pieces.
          - Menma Ramen has extra menma.
          - Spicy Ramen has a ground meat/Rayu (Chili oil) sauce scoop added in to be mixed around. It's not spicy at all. Taco bell mild sauce is spicier.
          - Corn Butter ramen had corn and a slice of butter added.
          - Nori Ramen has seaweed added to the side.
          - Negi Ramen has a piece of fish replacing the pork.
          - Deluxe Sora Ramen has 2 extra pork pieces and nori (seaweed) added.
**Ordered**
       - $10.00 Deluxe Shio Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=bs_GyeafgqHE1QlNfTP69g)
       - $8.50 Spicy Miso Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=J6COHikJJ6CviUN8mzSoiA)
              - Soup - Both soups are slow-cooked in pork bones. You can see the pork oil floating in the soup. It really adds a deliciously meaty flavor to the soup.
              - Miso - The miso soup is thicker and heartier than the shio. 
              - Shio (Salt) - I much preferred the shio soup. The consistency is less thick and the flavor a lot more clean.
              - Chashu (barbecued) - The meat literally falls apart it's very tender and the pork is literally a flavor bomb.
       - $2.85 Mini Chashu or Chashu Curry Bowl (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=OWti3brKP7toeyxM1L0XGg)
              - Mini Chashu Bowl - Their signature chashu pork on rice. Out of the soup, it really allows you to taste the full flavor of the meat, though it's a smidge saltier than in the soups. Even though meat the rice ratio was a little lacking, it makes for a delicious snack.
              - Mini Chashu Curry Bowl - The chashu pork in curry over rice. The serving of meat is less due to the curry. The curry is so-so and a bit salty. Added with everything else, I think it's a bit too much. I'd prefer the regular Chashu Bowl.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place for a nice authentic ramen restaurant.
Ramen noodles are thicker and chewier; shio broth is flavorful but not too salty; the chashu is generous compared to most, if not all, of the local Las Vegas competition. Good reason to come back for more, not to mention that the wait staff are friendly and will get the answers to the questions you ask about the food and restaurant, if they don't know the answer.

I dropped by Ramen Sora after seeing the new signage on Spring Mountain Rd, and was waiting for it to finally be opened.  What can I say, I love ramen to the point that I actually went to a Ramen Museum while visiting Japan with friends I met during college. I have developed a certain personal preference for what I considered great ramen, and the thinker noodles served here is one of those pluses in my ramen critique formula.  The broth has good flavor without being overly greasy or too salty.  The chashu is pretty good, almost melt-in-your mouth tender, and the portions served in my Deluxe Ramen was more generous than the competition.  Although the overall portion is on the smallish side for me, and I definitely need to pay the nominal fee for the extra noodles.  Or order one of the side rice bowls.

Anyway, they seemed to be off to a decent start, already earning 4.5 stars on 7 reviews on Yelp in the first 2-3 days of opening.  The staff is friendly and the service is quick.

I definitely would recommend this ramen restaurant, which is their first US store to open, making this an international ramen chain with two more locations in Sapporo, Japan (Hokkaido area). Being a Sapporo-style ramen-ya, their miso ramen is a definite must try, since it originated there and uses akamiso (red soybean paste).

Food:  4/5  The best, or the top two ramen option in Las Vegas.

Service:  5/5  Friendly, not too pushy, and attentive.

Value:  4/5  Generous with the chashu, but the regular bowl of ramen is not that large.  I definitely need to exercise the kaedama (extra noodle) option.

Location:  Not too far from the Strip on Spring Mountain Road.

Parking:  3/5  Private lot, but it is not that big.  But there are usually street parking if the lot is full.

Repeat visit probability:  Fairly high
As a ramen lover, I really love this place. From the outside, it gives you the feeling that no one would eat here. However, I saw the word "ramen". It just lured me in. The parking is behind the restaurant. My girlfriend and I ordered Spicy Miso ramen, Mini chashui bowl and the mini curry bowl. The soup base is very good. It satisfies my ramen-taste-bugs. The ramen they use is different from Monta. I prefer here because you have more choices of ramen. I will come back and try different ramen.
Best ramen in Vegas!  I live in San Francisco and in the Bay Area we have a ton of great ramen, but I hadn't tried out the options in Vegas much until this previous trip and Ramen Sora is the real deal!  I tried the Miso Ramen and the Spicy Miso Ramen and both were delish.  I also added chasu to both b/c their chasu is ridiculously tender and tastes amazing.  Check out David N's review for more details since he goes into great detail.  The gyoza I had was great with the nicely crisp bottoms and the meat was juicy and the sauce had the perfect amount of zesty tang.  Definitely will be hitting this place up on every trip to Vegas from here on out!
The square footage is a little tight, but well worth the wait.  The staff are friendly, inviting, and provide excellent service.  
It was our first time, so I asked our server what she recommended, and she warmly made suggestions.  We were served our food promptly.  
We ordered the combo ramen with miso, and wow was it good!
The broth alone was a 10!  The noodles were very good and cooked to perfection, as was the strips of smoked pork (delicious!), but I just kept coming back to that broth.  It was cloudy, rich, and loaded with flavor.  Ramen Sora boils pork bones for almost a day to make their base broth...and you can taste every bit of time and dedication it took to make their ramen.  I would highly recommend this ramen house to anyone!
Eh, maybe I'm a tough critic but this place met my standards for a DECENT Ramen joint. I've eaten a lot of Ramen from Las Vegas to So-cal and Nor-cal. I've even attempted Man vs Food's challenge at Orochan Ramen (Little Tokyo's) Spiciest & biggest Ramen bowl. So I know my Ramen, and this place was A-OK but I've tried better. 

Ramen Noodle:4/5 I liked the noodles, it was a bit thicker and chewier than most Ramen joints I've tried but I didn't like how chewy it was. Thicker was a plus but chewy no. 

Broth Spicy Miso: 3/5 I ordered the SPICY MISO RAMEN which was actually not spicy at all. Even though the soup turned red after mixing it a bit, but don't let looks fool you. The broth was a bit greasy you could see the oil bubbles this was definitely a turn off. The broth was very light, I felt like the broth was missing something. 

Broth Chashu Miso: 2/5 The broth was very light and oily. Once again I felt like it was missing something, NOT ENOUGH FLAVOR. I barely tasted the Miso and everyone knows Miso is salty which made the soup not as salty as most soups I've tried.

Chashu: 2/5 The Chashu pork, if you know what Chashu pork is its really Pork belly. That's simmered for about an hour slow cooking so its soft tasty and chewy. The pork belly they used was more pork less fat which was okay but everyone knows the flavor is in the fat. The Chashu pork was a bit chewier than most I've tried but also remember it was more meat than fat. My order came with one slice so I ordered extra Chashu because I love chashu pork, but I'm not a fan of theirs. 

Tamago (egg) : 0/5 REMEMBER! The order does not come with a Tamago, even if on the menu there's a picture of one. I guess I assumed on the menu the picture was exactly what I was ordering. I usually like 2 tamago's so I ordered 1 extra. Not knowing I was ordering just HALF of an egg. So When I got my miso ramen I was sad to see I only had 1 half of a tamago. THE TAMAGO was TASTELESS! No flavor at all. A real tamago is kepted over night in a soy sauce based sweet sauce. But this was NOT A TAMAGO. The Tamago WASN'T EVEN BROWN! The Tamago is my favorite part of my ramen and they totally ruined it.

Alcohol: 0/5 Currently they don't have their liquor license which makes it such a tease on the menu because who doesn't love to enjoy a Sapporo beer with their Ramen. Instead I was forced to enjoy my Ramen with a glass of water imprinted with the Sapporo sticker (even more of a tease)

Service: 2/5 The waitress and the waiter were super nice but not so much the manager. My boyfriend eats a lot, so he ordered a large which was suppose to have more noodles and more soup but it wasn't enough for him. So we asked and offered to pay for more noodles since he still had a lot of soup left but they said no we would have to buy a whole new bowl which was a big disappointment because at MONTA my boyfriend always orders more noodles with no problem 
 
Parking: 5/5 The place was dead, when I pulled in there had to be 2 other cars there. They have a small back parking lot which is a plus. 

Wait: 5/5 THERE IS NO WAIT! Which was awesome because I was hungry when I got there. I was seated quickly
SORA vs. MONTA

Sora is the new inhabitant of the fail whale spot on Spring Mountain. Many restaurants shut down in this building before them. Like Monta, they serve authentic Japanese ramen but in traditional Sapporo style. 

ORDER: Miso is all I eat at Monta. So I figured I'd compare what I know. I don't like to litter my bowl with additional toppings. A regular bowl is served with a perfectly cooked 1/2 egg, scallion, menma (bamboo shoot), and 1 large slice of chashu pork. The usual add-ons like corn, butter, nori, etc are available.

BROTH:  The broth at Sora is quite greasy. As soon as they placed my bowl down, I was a little turned off by how many oil floaties there were. When I make broth at home, I always take the time to skim off the fat. But in traditional Sapporo style, they boil pork bones for many hours and the oil is part of what makes the broth--this just isn't my style. It left grease on my lips--also not my style. What I love about Monta is how creamy the broth is. Here, the broth is more clear and lacks a certain heaviness that I appreciate from a bowl of ramen. Flavor between Monta and Sora are similar, its just the little things that count to me.

NOODLES: Sapporo noodles are thicker and chewier. You can immediately see the difference in the "weight" of the noodles. I'm used to fully-cooked noodles whereas the ones here have more bite to them and are served a bit al dente. I like!

CHASHU: I wish it was served with more! Next time, I'll probably order extra chashu for the extra $2. It as sliced quite thin and very tender. I didn't see much of a flavor difference from Monta.

VARIETY: I believe I saw fried rice on the menu. They had some mini curry and mini chasu bowls available as 'appetizers.' I wish they had some type of 'fresh' appetizer. I really liked my mini-mentaiko bowl with my ramen at Ramen. Instead I went with the gyoza. They're fried dumplings--can't mess those up.

DRINKS: LIQUOR LICENSE PENDING. Sapporo beer will soon be available. They have canned green tea and other usual beverages.

SERVICE: Great! My server was such a nice guy. Very polite and attentive. I like to dine solo and don't like to be bothered too much. They fulfilled my needs while not annoying me to death. 

Overall, I prefer Monta, but I won't raise any red flags on the food here!

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Currently as the Duke (as of 2/8/2012 7:37PM) of this fine establishment, I would like to welcome Ramen Sora to my wallet.

The Short: Get the Miso ramen, upgrade it to a large, order a Sapporo (when they have their license), and go into a food coma.

The Food:

Shio: Reminds me of Chinese noodle broths, slightly clear and savory, includes 2 pieces of pork with strong flavor (soy?), seaweed, half an egg, and some fermented bamboo shoots. Everything seems to go well with each other and came out at the perfect temperature somewhere between hot and really warm. The saltiness of the broth was not overwhelming or made from someone with a salty palette. I think even my parents who dislike every other non-Chinese broth will probably enjoy this. 

Miso: The toppings are the same as Shio and I feel like this broth is the winner and the prize here. Supposedly  their style of made for the colder weathers, therefore it is rich, thick, bursting with umami or savoriness. I fully agree, except that I'll most likely be here during the summer's triple digit weather devouring a bowl of the Miso ramen. What I enjoy most is that black pig fat floating on top adding to the deliciousness. A Spicy Miso is also available with the spice equivalence to a big red pepper. 

Of course additional toppings can be added such as more bamboo shoots, onions, pork, egg, and noodles. Noodle upgrades however don't come in a separate bowl (kaedama) for you to add later like Monta. 

Curry Bowl: Unfortunately only comes in a mini size, but anyways it is a thick brown curry with carrots, chashu, and pickled red ginger (mhmm). A great snack if you're really hungry and waiting for your ramen, or.. if you're not that hungry, but don't want to feel weird with your dining companions. 

Fried Rice: If you're considering this, I would say stick with the ramen. There are two options for the fried rice, one with the house gravy sauce and one without it. I think this is the one item that is a bit overpriced, and towards the end was somewhat greasy. The house gravy (looked like egg drop soup) came in a bowl which you're suppose to add to your fried rice, wasn't my thing though. 

Drinks are pretty standard can tea, soda, Ramune, water, and Sapporo in the future when the elusive alcohol license comes in. Perhaps the wizards in the kitchen can create a "real" Sapparo beer ramen when that comes haha. 

The Service:

I can't bag on them too much for service since it has been mostly good, and they are not even a week old yet. For what it is worth I did experience a bit of a hiccup from the manager whom forgot to process our order and quirky service, but it may have to do with them running out of broth by 2PM causing her to accumulate stress whenever she had to turn away customers. I'm sure once they get things sorted out everything will be dandy. 

The Location: 

Ramen Sora is located "behind" Sura Korean BBQ (hard to miss, but if you're coming from the strip its going to be the building right after Macy's Home Furniture). Parking is entrance specific, but quite adequate for the amount of seats they have available (more than Monta if you're wondering). Air conditioning seems to be working strongly too. 

Lastly if it matters for whatever reason I have always seen "nationals" in here, so I assume it must have their approval in authenticity.
My 2nd visit here in a week.

So I was there about 12:15pm, and the parking lot was 75% full.  Fortunately I was able to be seated with no waiting, but the place was pretty much full.

This time, I tried Spicy Shio with extra green onions and gyoza.  

Gyoza:  pretty good.  But I would have to give this gyoza battle to Monta.  It's very possible they Sora will get better as they have been open only a week, but Monta's gyoza had more flavor and juice.  

Shio ramen:  I'm not a big fan of shio ramen, but I have to admit that this was pretty good.  simple, not oily, with some of the tonkotsu flavor coming through.  Spicy Shio is a weird concept as it makes it somewhat spicier and fattier, which is somewhat like ordering a veggie burger with extra cheese.  I  think I'd stick with Miso personally, but I do like their noodle.  Al dente, slightly chewier than Monta's miso ramen noodle, and wavier.   I think  it is more like a traditional miso ramen noodle from sapporo.  People who are not fond of heavy, kotteri type broth will probably prefer shio ramen.  Not me.  

Service:  today they had a one Chinese lady waiting the table, and other two were Japanese.  This is somewhat disappointing for an authentic ramen house, but it's not that big of a deal as the menu is short and simple.  However, the service seemed to be faster today.  Perhaps they are getting used to it after the opening week.  

As I was leaving, there were a few people waiting to be seated and the parking lot was full.  There is plenty of space to put in a few tables, and I really think that they need a counter space as all authentic ramen houses should have.  I'm just surprised at how quickly the word has spread and so many people have discovered this place.  

It's hard to say who is better:  monta vs Sora, but I'd go to Monta if I"m feeling for tonkotsu, and Sora if I'm in the mood for miso.  

There are no other Japanese ramen house that come close to these two.  If you disagree, please keep going to the place where you get served by faux anime characters.
Place is a decent size, not as crowded as Monta. The noodles are thicker and different from Monta's but it's a nice change.

I came with two friends and they got the miso ramen while I tried out the shio ramen for my first time. I was able to try the miso broth, and well, true to my past experiences, I've never liked miso. I preferred the shio. My bowl had a lot of oil, though. Most of it naturally from the pork or whatnot, but still, it wasn't pleasant to look at. I definitely liked the noodles. But that's mainly it. Noodles in the shio broth, that is.

Service was awesome -- our server was very friendly. They have large and XL sizes (big bowls) for those interested.

Will I be back? Yeah. Most likely to try out the other stuff.
Not bad, broth was pretty thick and had medium flavor.  i know a buncha yelpers and "food critics" are all about the quality etc etc blah blah, but when you get down to it, its a ramen place and you're eating to get full.  That being said, 1 freakin peice of chasu in my nori ramen?!!? really? cant a guy get at least 2 so i can dip one in sauce and try the other without or something?  o and btw do not order the premium chasu either.  Overprices 2 slices of semi-coldish pork belly slices.

however, even after the negatives, I still give this place about 3.5 stars.  It will defintely be on my mind when monta is overly packed as usual.
I came to Ramen Sora on their grand opening day and both food and services were pretty good. Everyone from host to server was super friendly. Even though it was grand opening day, all the food we ordered came out quickly when this place was full house. I like shio ramen a little bit better than miso one. Ramen noodle tasted a little firm just in the way I like it to serve. Chef was pretty generous when serving ramen with chasu. (each bowl came with 3 pieces of chasu) I personally like their soup base a lot better than Monta. (Monta's soup base is too salty to me) I also tried their Gyoza. It was really good and worth the money. 

I will be back soon after they have alcohol license. I always like to eat ramen noodles with some Sapporo.
This place is about as authentic as it gets for a Japanese ramen place here in Vegas.  The menu is simple, as most ramen places are in Japan.  Their basic miso and shio soup base are done very well.  The shoyu broth has a wonderful flavour and the ramen is done right. The chashu was tasty as was the other condiments in the soup.  The only thing that needs a little improvement is their boiled egg.  If it had been cooked a little bit longer it would have been a perfect bowl of ramen.  I can see that the chef takes pride in their food and takes their time to make everything just right.  Although we didn't order the gyoza, the table next to us did and it looked perfectly pan fried.  The miso ramen was a little too fatty at the top surface, but other than that the flavour was also very good.  We would definitely come back and try some of their other dishes.   Oh, one more side note, the service is very attentive, perhaps a little too attentive, as they tried to take away the bill before we had time to even put payment down.
I never turn down a good hot bowl of ramen!  I had the Deluxe and it was one of the best I've ever had.  The broth was spot on, the noodles cooked al dente, the charsiu so soft and buttery, the tamago and the garnish of seaweed, spring onions & garlic made the whole dish.  The gyoza was ok.  Service was attentive.  Parking lot is a little small.  I like their motto "No ramen no life".  How true!
Went here because you know who had a wait out the door again so I thought I'd give this a go and I have to say that I was very surprised. I think this place beats out Monta. The ramen here as described by many others is a little heavier and has that al dente bite to it. The chashu pork is thicker and isn't a small little sliver. And I know this is super weird to say but it actually feels good in there temperature wise. I know many may think who the f- cares, but that's huge when it'll be the summertime soon and you're trying to put down a bowl of hot ramen. At Monta you're right where the kitchen is and sometimes the sun hits that window at that perfect magnifying angle where its just hot (insert hooker in church joke here) but Ramen Sora doesn't have that issue so I like that. Additionally, the service is friendly and quick.

The only thing I can say that Monta beats them out on is the broth. The broth didn't jump out at me like Montas tonkotsu-shoyu ramen. Also, theres no napkin dispenser, they just lay down one napkin. I know weird, but when you eat with a messy eater who keeps spilling soup all over himself like he's literally trying to wash his face with it, one napkin won't cut it. (Dont worry,  your sloppy table manner secrets are safe with me Steve). Outside of that though, I will definitely stop by this place first when I'm craving ramen.
This place didn't really appeal to my taste buds. I'm the kind of girl that grew on super strong flavored food, the more salt/sweet/sour/bitter/etc the better. Even though I was not a fan of the shio broth myself, I really feel that others would enjoy the light broth. The floating oil droplets didn't bother me at all and I thought overall it was pretty good. I did enjoy the thick chewy noodles but the broth however was light and actually tasted like chicken soup to me. =x  

The service was excellent! My bf and I had some questions and the server took the time to explain everything to us. Water glasses were also promptly refilled. A+++ for service!

So I guess Sora is the place if you want a lighter brother and with a thicker chewier noodle than Monta.
Finally a good ramen shop in Las Vegas!

I've been to every Japanese style restaurant that serves ramen in this town from junk (Anime Ramen is just so gross) and the Ramen Yokohama Kaigenro use to have. Right now this is by far my favorite ramen that I can get in Las Vegas. This place has the best ramen, seriously. Great portions and for a $1 more you can get a large size that goes a long way in the end. 
Things I would recommend to anyone are :
Curry Bowl
Chashu bowl
Gyoza
Shio Ramen
Miso Ramen

Though to be honest with everyone, I would stay away from the fried rice. It's very bland and a little greasy .

In the opening week I went here twice, so this place is going to become a regular spot for this ramen fanatic.
Years ago I moved into china town..well actually I moved into an old neighborhood in Las Vegas area that slowly became china town. (I was here first!) I saw the whole transformation, I saw my favorite video store and other favorite places turn into massage parlors. but before all that, when I first moved into the area while exploring the neighborhood I walked from my house to spring mountain and ran into this little place called Mario's hair salon at 4490 spring mountain, decided to give them my business and got a haircut.....and this is where the story begins.
  I had the worst haircut of my life at This place! and I was so upset and pissed off that in a moment of rage I cursed the place!  Mario went out of business and so did all the business that followed him after that. I've seen restaurants in this locale come and go and even though I never tried any of the previous restaurants I think is time for me to finally return to the place of occurrence, besides what's the worst they could do? ruin my lunch? They can't ruin my hair anymore, not even Mario, most of it is gone! so after all this years, I walked into the place again...
   I didn't know how big Ramen is in japan, I always considered Ramen as fast junk food, or something you would eat when broke but with all this ramen places popping up in Chinatown I decided to venture outside my world of instant ramen noodles and try the real thing, so I followed the wave of fellow yelpers to Ramen Sora to see for myself what is the big deal with this place.
 Ramen Sora brings the traditions and recipes of Sapporo Japan, they take their ramen very seriously making the stock by boiling bones for almost a day. ( not the three minute wait that I was used to.) the decor is minimalist but functional since the place is kind of small every square inch is taken advantage of, atmosphere is very relaxing and you feel like you are seating with the rest of the other customers because everyone is so close but do not worry enjoy your ramen and slurp freely! ( my neighbor did) The always smiling waitress Taeko, recommended me the shio ramen which ended up being surprisingly good, it was light and not too fatty, although I wish they had seafood ramen but hopefully in the future they'll expand the menu to more choices. They will also be serving alcohol in the near future, and I can attest to that since I was in the same hearing (for a different matter) when the owner asked for permission in front of the board, and it was approved!
I'm glad Ramen Sora is the new resident of 4490 spring mountain, I was always afraid another massage place would take over like all my other favorite places in the area. I really liked the food and the service and I believe this place will be here for years to come. For my part, the curse has been lifted, good luck Ramen Sora!  and thank you for the happy ending!
Finally, We've got other ramen restaurant other than Monta, (personally I do not consider Anime Ramen as a ramen restaurant, I haven't been there and I actually do not wanna visit).
I visited twice and this place is crowded, but the dining area is spacious and I like the confortable area. I also like Monta's environment, it's small and feels like a traditional japanese ramen shop, but I hate it when you seats near the entrance and those who are waiting will stand next to the dining area, it make me uncomfortable if I were seat there.
I've tried the Shio, Spicy Miso, Pork Fried Rice w/ house special sauce, Premium Pork ChaShu and Kurogoma dango.
The first visit of my Shio ramen was totally tasteless, I am not a fan of heavy seasoning, so the ramen soup is almost no favour at all, but the Spicy Miso was good. I also ordered Kurogoma dango with my girlfriend, it looks pretty but not really like it.
I ordered the Pork Fried Rice w/ house special sauce, Premium Pork ChaShu, and Shio ramen on my second visit. The Shio was pretty good, much better than my previous visit, but they forgot the order of my extra egg. My girlfriend and I love the premium chashu, they are delicious but also expensive $3.98 for 2 pieces!? I was like "are you kidding me?" anyway, the pork fried rice was just ok, it's tasteless and I like monta's fried rice better and i was kinda curious of the house special sauce because my server told me its just grave sauce, but I didnt taste any grave in the fried rice. Maybe the grave is supposed to put on top and they forgot.
The menu of Ramen Sora is meaningless, it looks like they got a lot of choices, but if you pay attention and you will find out that they only have FOUR different ramen with TWO different soup bases. if you order the Shio ramen and add the topping of green onion it became Negi ramen. it applies to all the others. its really not a necessary put to different ramen with each toppings on the menu.
I found i like monta better
I want tons of ingredients in my ramen.  I'm the one with multiple ticket toppings when using the ramen coin order machines in Japan.  Extra, extra, extra!!  The deluxe ramen was my only choice.  I already plan on getting even more of their fantastic chashu next time.

I'm not big on miso ramen.  Not that I dislike it but it's never my first choice.  The shio was great and I thoroughly enjoyed every slurp of the noodles.  My wife opted for the miso butter corn ramen, a northern Japan specialty, which she liked a lot. 

Based on the Yelp buzz, it was a flat out guarantee to see a Yelper in the house.  Nice seeing My and Thao T with their little, future food connoisseur in tow!

Solid ramen place but I felt like my meal was incomplete without a big bottle of Asahi Super Dry (no liquor license yet?) and good gyoza.  The gyoza was below average.  I definitely like this place over Monta.  My wife refuses to step into Anime due to the manga otaku factor so I can't compare that yet.  My deluxe ramen might come out to $16 on future trips.
The Skinny: finally! a really decent ramen house in Las Vegas! I would pass on the dessert though (4) service: went during the first week of opening, a little disorganized but it's still pretty good given the Japanese efficiency (3) value: it's not bad as long as you don't order extra toppings which seem relatively pricey (4).

We came here opening week to try out their miso ramen and within a few days, we were back for more. It was really reassuring to hear a bunch of Japanese spoken in this joint by both the customers and the staff. You know that likely this stuff can't be that far from legit.

Here's the menu items we have tried so far: miso ramen, spicy miso ramen, mini chasu bowl, premium chasu side order and a order of their mochi dessert. 

Breakdown of the broths: the underlying broth has a robust, decadent pork flavour to it. Throw in the miso ($7.50) or spicy miso, you have a well balanced bowl of homey goodness. The spicy miso ($8.50) adds a judicious amount of heat to round out the taste without detracting from the underlying taste of the soup. Very subtle and well done. I think of the three broths, spicy miso might be my favourite.

The noodles are in the standard ramen style and cooked perfectly. Slightly thicker than your standard fare, I really loved the mild chewiness of the noodle which speaks to its freshness. Really, a mouth full of joy.

The egg was ramen perfection - hard boiled with a thin layer of soy permeating on the outside, a precise ratio of cooked to runny yolk on the inside. Loved it. Could have eaten at least three of those eggs alone.

If there is a weakness in the bowl, it's with the chasu. Even though the chasu does have a good texture and flavour, it could be a little bit more melt in the mouth. A little too thinly sliced for my liking, it is worth the upgrade for a few extra slices ($2) to make a more satisfying meal.

If it's your first time here, I wouldn't recommend getting a menma ramen ($8.50) or a corn/butter ramen ($9). Considering the price of these additions to the regular bowl, it's rather expensive factoring in the relative cost of the product. I mean, really, $1 for extra green onion? You can buy 3 bunches of that in the Chinese grocery store across the street. Stick to the extra chasu and maybe the tamago if you're an egg fan - you won't be disappointed.

We did try the premium chasu side order but was rather disappointed that it was served stone cold with some congealed fat on it. That certainly detracted from the texture of the product and I would not recommend ordering it.

Instead, get an side order of the mini chasu bowl ($2.85). The chasu, cut into chunks, is layered with negi (Japanese green onion) over rice with a light sprinkle of the marinating soy broth. Very stick to your ribs kind of food and highly satisfying. The chasu fared better in this instance given the way that it was served but again was not quite the perfect texture. Regardless, given the price, it's really worth a try.

Finally, the dessert. We tried their mochi balls filled with red bean and rolled in black sesame ($2). Given the great quality of the dishes here, it really fell flat in comparison. While the filling was okay, the mochi itself was overly dry. I'd pass on this menu item because there are so many other great things to fill your belly with.

Overall, I'm so happy that this place opened because we used to drive all the way out to LA to get a half-decent bowl of ramen. Now my husband can spare me the 4 hour drive there and satisfy his cravings at Ramen Sora (4).
finally got to try out this place last weekend! very good ramen, the noodles are not as thin as monta but still has a good bite, which is good coz there's nothing worse than soggy noodles in your ramen bowl. tried the spicy shio ramen and the broth and the noodles were perfect. the shio broth was not as salty like the usual shoyu broth. the meat slices are also thicker and not like those circular meat slices with a lot of fat. i was just hoping it would be a lot spicier though. the staff was also very friendly and i guess since it's fairly new, there was no wait to get a table. overall, i like it better than monta. :)
I had high hopes for this place with all of the awesome reviews....unfortunately I wasn't that impressed.

I decided to go with the Shio ramen and I had asked for the Shio sauce so that I could flavor it more knowing that it wasn't as flavorful as the Miso. My husband ordered the miso ramen.  I took one sip of  the broth and it tasted like water....so I tried to add more of the potent Shio concentrate (basically salt water in a bottle) but after a couple of squirts my broth and ramen still tasted flavorless. I was so bummed out and disappointed. I ended up trying the Miso ramen and I wanted to tell all of the people there not eating yet to order the Miso which was SOOOOO much more flavorful than the Shio....like 100 times way better. I tried adding miso broth to my shio broth, but it just didn't make it taste any better. Their pork is good, but you only get one slice unless you order the extra pork which is like $3.00?

Overall, this place is nicely decorated and service wasn't bad, but I was just not a big fan of the Shio Ramen. Miso ramen is definitely a must have when coming here.
Came here based on Tony T's review. Ever since I watched the late Brittney Murphy's movie, "Ramen Girl," I have a fascination for Japanese style Ramen. I'm not a fan of miso based broth, but Sora's miso changed my perspective. It has a smooth and perhaps pork-like flavor. Too bad they do not have have Tonkatsu flavor. It is either Shio or Miso. Ordered the cha-siu Ramen. The pork slices are melt in your mouth tender infused with tasty fat. Prices IMO are on the high-side for a bowl of Ramen (I'm spoiled by Big Wong). The one thing that turned me off is that if I wanted extra green onions, they charge a $1.00.
Came in for dinner after seeing this as a new business on Yelp. Lot's of parking in the rear makes this very accessible. The restaurant is on the small side but inside is clean and roomy.

I started off with a cold green tea and a small curry bowl. The curry bowl was tasty not really to spicy like most Japanese curries. For Ramen I chose the deluxe shio miso ramen which has additional sliced pork, radish, egg and seaweed. I'm not a ramen expert but this bowl of ramen was filling and really tasty. The broth wasn't as heavy as some broths and the noodles were thicker then other ramen restaurants.

Overall a satisfying dinner with good service and solid food.
After try monta, than compare ramen sora , they are horrible so greasy... Unless you want to be stroke, bowl of ramen is fill with fat greasy oil. Will never go back still stick with monta.
I'm so very impressed by this place.  I had the Deluxe Bowl, the noodles were the perfect mix of soft without being too mushy, quite al dente.  The chashu pork was seasoned so perfectly and the miso broth was so hearty on a cold rainy night like this evening!  The staff was very helpful and friendly, ambiance was nice and clean.  I'll definitely be going back
Yay a new ramen place in Vegas.  Sora only has basically 2 types of broth to choose from shio(salt base) and miso.  I wish they had shoyu and tonkotsu broth.  This place is almost but not quite there to the ramen I had southern california.  Overall this place is clean, has tasty ramen, and provides good service.
Ok. They do not have anything vegetarian. Well, unless you want white rice. So, they were friendly and all, but obviously do your research before coming. I ended up ordering a coke before I realized I couldn't eat anything here and then just leaving. Lame!
I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen and it was nothing special.  I didn't like the texture of the noodles (seemed undercooked) or the flavor of the broth.  My ramen included a boiled egg and it was so dried out that the yolk looked like yellow plastic.  I tasted the Spicy Shio Ramen and liked that broth only slightly better.  Overall, it didn't satisfy my ramen craving.   One more thing....it didn't bother me but it may upset parents with younger kids....Sir Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back" was playing loudly.
I just came home from this place and I can finally say I have found my permanent ramen place in Vegas! Upon entering the small restaurant, the environment felt very welcoming which is important to me. 

I ordered a bowl of miso ramen, while my boyfriend ordered the shio ramen. It took only about 5 minutes for our two bowls of hot ramen to arrive at our table. From the moment my ramen touched the table I could smell the delicious chashu pork and hearty broth. The chashu pork was very flavorful and soft compared to some ramen places I've been to where its been chewy and dry. The noodles were a little thick and slightly chewy, but well cooked.  Both of us were very satisfied with our meal and definitely will come back again.

Tips: For those who have a preference for a more subtle taste , order the shio. It is very light and not too salty or too overwhelming for flavor. The miso on the other hand is loaded with flavor, so choose wisely!
Got the Chashu Shio Ramen for the extra pork and it was tasty.  Also got to taste the Miso soup base and although good, it was a little salty for me.  The noodles were very good and had that chewiness or "bite" that ramen lovers look for.  Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Pretty darn tasty!

1.  The soup - I really love the light flavor of the soup. I can tell that it is just like homemade, boiled for a long time with all the bones and pork and etc. Light, subtle and very tasty.

2  The Ramen - Just right Al Dente

3.  The choices -  All sorts of choices, additional toppings, larger size with more noodles and etc.

4.  The key points - I like the pork tenderloin in any ramen. I also like the flavor of green onion sliced and cooked to perfection. 

5.  Parking - Has parking, in it's own lot, however, the traffic direction seems to be a bit odd, seems that the entrance is two way, yet large enough for only one car.

6.  Service and Seating - Small, be prepared to wait, nice service, and very busy.

For a Ramen place, very nice. I have been to many Ramen shops in Japan and in San Francisco, so having this place as an option is nice.

GK says, check it out.
Just another ramen shop in Las Vegas - nothing to be too thrilled about.  At $10 for a bowl of Deluxe Shio Ramen, the broth isn't even a bone-stew like most other ramen shops.  I opted out of the miso broth, which I later regretted since it was a bit too salty to my liking. 

A couple things that I did like were the meat and the service.  The meat was very flavorful and at its perfect texture and ratio of meat and fat.  Service was excellent; we didn't have to wait more than 4 minutes for our food, and our tea cups and glasses were never empty. 

I would go back again just to give it another whirl (maybe try the spicy ramen) and just because there are only a handful of ramen shops in Vegas to go... 

Slurp away!
After a long 12hrs shift at the hospital, I convinced my girlfriends to go there because we were all craving Ramen.  We were really excited but when our food arrived, we were disappointed.  Our soup was OILY!  I mean really oily where every sip and bite, you can feel the oil in your mouth.  Plus you can see an immense amount of oil floating on the soup.  YUCK!  I was also disappointed they didn't have shoyu ramen as an option.  I had really high hope for this place because of the high amount of star from yelp, but I wasn't too fond of it.
We knew we had stumbled upon something special when the place was packed full of Japanese-speaking locals within half an hour of opening. They specialize in Hokkaido-style miso ramen. Choice of soup base consists of shio, miso, and spicy miso. Spicy miso isn't really spicy and adds a scoop of ground pork. They use yellow ramen noodles which have a nice chew to them. It comes with a single piece of chashu which is better than most, but for a nicer treat, order the premium chashu. For an extra dollar you can get a large bowl, or two dollars for super-size. Extra toppings such as negi, nori, and menma are available for an additional cost. Prices are reasonable as long as you don't go overboard with extra toppings. Service is decent with a nice ambiance to match.  

While not quite as tasty as our fave, tonkotsu ramen, this is the current top ramen spot in town hands-down. Finally a Vegas ramen restaurant worth returning to!
I just want to say that I have been here about 3 times in the past couple of weeks. For a busy college student, that's a lot! I have been totally addicted to their miso ramen, and I always order extra chashu now. It's deliciousness never fails me. 

Yesterday I decided to try their gyoza, and boy was it delicious! It was the perfect combination of crunchy and chewy, and on top of that..perfectly seasoned! We have a goal to try all the side dishes next time we go, so expect an update soon.
This place is pretty new, so they don't really have any decorations up or have a liquor license (they are working on it).  the ramen is pretty good.  They don't have shoyu ramen.  They have siro or miso.  I tried both and liked it.  It's worth to go back to again to try different items.  
Although, my favorite ramen place is anime ramen!
Wow. I'm glad there's more than 3 options.    The broth is super tasty. A pork lovers heaven. All pork everything.
My husband and I wanted to try a new ramen place and he'd read reviews about this one.  When we stopped in, the place was crowded but we managed to get a seat. 

After a good look at the menu, our orders were placed.  I got the shio ramen, it was small but flavorable with a couple of big pieces of chashu pork.  The half boiled egg was still slightly runny, and the noodle was what I call true ramen noodle, at least what I had been used to getting in Hawaiian Ramen shops.

Overall, a good bowl of soup, but it didn't fill me up, so either order extra sides, or make it large, or you're gonna leave hungry.
Tried their shio ramen along with a side order of curry rice.  After sitting down, order was taken quickly, and my hot tea was topped off three times before my meal arrived.  From there, things started going downhill a bit.  I had to move myself to a different spot on the table because it was so dark, I couldn't see what was in my bowl.  

The first sip of a bowl of ramen did not trigger all those wonderful memories of good ramen experiences.  For a shio ramen, the broth was definitely lighter in texture, not unlike cup noodle soup.  I know they say it's stock from over 24 hours of boiling black pork bones.  But the taste is definitely infused with too concentrated tastes of a variety of vegies.  And the after taste hung around too long on the palates, not like the deep seated after taste from savory fats, but from something more like MSG, or concentrated condiments.  If shio ramen is oil painting, I believe they served water colors.  My tongue was confused, and thirsty from the soup, and now that I needed tea, it stopped coming.

The high notes of vegies did not stop there.  The curry curiously had a strong carrot and tomato paste taste, unlike any Japanese curry.  At the end, I had to ask the waitress, is the chef Japanese?

Like all foods made with instant condiments, or chemicals, it actually "tastes" pretty good.  I do not have any evidence that their food didn't go through long hours of preparation so if I have offended anyone, particularly owner or chef, I do apologize.  But I do challenge that in the tradition of a good ol' bowl of ramen, the convenience of offering customers, hey if you think it's too light we have stuff to make it heavier, or if too heavy, we have stuff to thin it down, etc perhaps is too wishy washy.  Take a stance on Ramen Sora's take of what a shio ramen should taste like and present us with That.
I decided to stop by here after a friend of mine said that someone from Ichiza said this place was better than... well, better than the ramen house that seems to have started a new ramen trend in this town.  As the long time (until recently) duke, they've set a gold standard for me, and so for the purposes of this review, I will be calling them "the other ramen place".  You all know what I'm talking about anyway.  This review is a comparison review.  Sorry, but it's the only way I know to review a ramen joint at this time, and Ramen Sora holds it's own!

The building is a lot more spacious than the other ramen place.  It's more comfortable.    There's also not a 15 minute wait.  In this case, that's a good thing.  Like the other ramen place, service is fast, friendly, and professional.

I ordered the spicy miso with extra chashu.  The broth was very flavorful!  Much more savory than the other ramen place.  A lot less salty.  The spiciness had only a little kick (I eat a lot of very hot Thai food though), but it was enough to give a well rounded flavor to this thick, tasty broth.  If you have a problem with the salt levels of the other ramen place, this might be your go to restaurant.  The noodles were better, I thought.  They were thicker, and "meatier".  Very well prepared.  The chashu was tender as if it had been soaking in broth all day.  It fell apart in my chopsticks.  Yum.  The chashu slices were a little thicker than the other ramen place, although perhaps not quite as tender.  

I may dare to say that the overall quality of the ingredients is a little higher here than the other ramen place.  It definitely has a more bold flavor profile, at least in the miso.  I love both places, really, which should say a lot about Ramen Sora.  The bottom line here is that Ramen Sora has added a new flavor to this town, and it is worth while to check out.  It may not become your favorite ramen house in town, but I think it is definitely a great addition.  Thank you, Ramen Sora!
Consistently outstanding Sapporo ramen 5200 miles from the source! (If it doesn't sound far think of it as a minimum of two layovers and 16 hours flying.  Bam!)

Sora is simplicity at its best:

- One bowl of perfectly cooked, slightly chewy ramen.

- Two choices of  flavorful broth (salt or miso).

- Three topping combinations:  basic (excellent chashu, soft boiled egg, and veg), Sapporo  (basic plus butter and corn),  or "American"  (basic with three times more chashu and/or nori).  

- Like it spicy?  Add a Thai garlic chili paste.

- Sides?  OK fried rice, OK chashu bits on rice, OK curry on rice, Good but oily gyoza. (NO TONKATSU)

Efficient service.  It's Japanese fast food after all.

Pushing the limit for Vegas cheap eats at around $9.00 a bowl but well worth it for the quality and uniqueness.  Try it soon.  It might not be so great when its 110 outside.
Just ate here tonight.  Was pretty good.  
I will admit, I'm more a fan of hakata style ramen, so I'm not too eager to go back, but I'm rating this for what it is.  
The only reason it lost a star was that their gyoza wasn't too great.  Not bad, and pretty well priced, but I've had many a plate of superior gyoza.
That said, the pork was very flavorful, the soup was very rich, the menma added some very nice flavor, the waitresses were courteous and refilled my water very quickly.  
If you're a fan of ramen, definitely give them your business, but be warned, this is northern style, so it could be a bit rich for you like it was for me.  That said, I'll definitely be back to have my friends try it, they just still haven't stolen the number one spot in my heart from monta...  Well, the number 2 spot, number 1 is ramen stadium back in hakata.
After trying out Monta, I was eager to see how Ramen Sora compared. The restaurant is more modern and there is no bar seating where you can watch them cook. The ramen style was completely different from what we had at Monta, but not bad. We had the deluxe sora ramen with miso and the corn butter ramen with shio. The noodles are much thicker and chewier than Monta's and the miso was more complicated and heavily seasoned. The shio was clear and light. They're good at what they do, and this would be a fine alternative if I wanted something different.
Having never been a big fan of that other ramen place in town that everyone seems to love, I was excited to have another option open up just down the street. It took  me a while to get there after they opened, but it was definitely worth the wait. 

We came in around 7 on a Friday and the parking lot was packed. Luckily the restaurant has a good layout and there was plenty of seating. We were greeted warmly, seated and our drink orders were taken swiftly. I ordered the spicy miso ramen. For an extra dollar you get 50% more ramen, so that decision was a no-brainer. 

The food came out quickly and upon first taste I practically did a happy dance. The broth was perfectly seasoned. The flavors were well-developed, flavorful and had juts the right spice level. The noodles were the perfect texture and I slurped my meal happily.

Service was solid. Our drinks were refilled regularly and the servers were extremely attentive, always asking if we needed anything else. Definitely a five star experience. I can't wait to go back again soon.
I am happy that there is another ramen option other than the more busy Monta Ramen in the Chinatown area.  I've been a couple times and the broth isn't as intense as Monta Ramen.  The noodles seem thicker, which is good for me because I like thick and chewy noodles.  The chashu is just as tasty and fatty-licious.

Would you say I like Sora Ramen more?  I would just say it's different.  Like comparing apples and oranges and like comparing ramen from different areas in Japan.

Conclusion:  Delicious Ramen.  Give it a try.
On our last trip to Vegas after a bad hangover me and the girls wanted some good dim sum and a resident friend of ours suggested Chang's in Chinatown but that place blew so we then wanted ramen and the same person who suggested Chang's also suggest Ramen Sora which is also located in Chinatown. Parking is right in the back with a huge lot! 

Thankfully when we came in the place wasn't to crowded, we waited only a few minutes for a table. The workers greeted us upon walking in. As much as I love ramen I just couldn't eat a lot so I shared a bowl with a girlfriend. We got the spicy miso ramen but extra spicy. The noodles are on the thicker side which is what I like, and the broth was so delicious and nothing to oily for my recovering stomach. It came with ground meat and boiled egg. The prices here are reasonable and they do give a good amount of serving. I'm definitely coming back here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
We came in for a late lunch and I must say this place is very clean, great service and definitely great ramen!  It's our first time so we don't really know what we're ordering and definitely don't understand the menu...(a small description on the menu would be nice for first timers like us) but the waitress was very patient and nice explaining the menu to us - i was goin to give this place a 4 star because i cant understand the menu  but because of the nice waitress - that put the 5th star on the rating!  We ate every noodle and slurped our bowls clean!  We are pleasantly full and cannot wait to come back!  Wow Ramen Sora - I'm impressed!!!
Decided to try this place with my boss based on yelp reviews. He also is a ramen fan. It was very good. Nice selection of ramen. I think this place is better than "the other ramen place down the street." Sora had more space to sit and plus did not have to wait 1 hour! Prices are very reasonable. I had the miso ramen and it was tasty and not salty at all. I would definitely go back if I ever crave ramen again.  The gyoza is tasty too!
This is my favorite place to go to. Delicious affordable food and the staff is great!
Holy crap, how long has this place been open? and already that many yelp reviews?? geez!!

I go here with my girlfriend pretty much monthly (I occasionally get it for lunch because its so close to my work).  I get the miso ramen with extra noodles :), its very good.  I really like the look of the inside also!

They don't have there liquor license yet so no beer yet, once they do this place will be super popular on friday nights :).
So good!
Just ate here and it great
I was in the mood for ramen, so we came here to get my ramen fix.  This is our second time here and it was good as usual.  I had the Deluxe Ramen.... and my wife had their special Tonkotsu ramen.  She enjoyed it although there wasn't very much ramen in the bowl.  I ordered extra ramen (large) and although the bowl was quite big, there wasn't all that much ramen inside. The flavour of the ramen soup was quite good.  Will return again whenever I have the urge for some authentic Japanese ramen.
Having been a frequent and consistently recurring customer of Monta for the past year I hate to say it, but another Ramen spot has stolen my heart... Ramen Sora! 

Not only do the offer 50% more ramen for ONLY $1 more, but their broth is outstanding! Made from a combination of pork broth and miso it is truly a pork lovers dream, which I am! Rich, salty, thick and hearty... perfect for rainy day or anytime a ramen craving hits. 

Watch out Monta... Ramen Sora is taking over!!!
First off I would like to say to all of the other Yelpers out there, please stop comparing this place to Monta, just because they both serve ramen doesn't make them the same, it's like comparing northern Italian food to southern Italian food, they're just different.

Ramen Sora serves Sapporo style ramen, which is a little thicker and chewier, but I like it, it feels a little more substantial.  They have two main broths, a shio (salt) or a miso based one.  The miso broth is a little thicker, but tastes really good, especially with the pork and veggies.  The shio broth is much lighter, both in color and flavor, but as the waitress described it, it's perfect for summer.  The pork was delicious, and they don't skimp on the serving size either which is nice.

I got the deluxe bowl which pretty much comes with everything, which was a plus and minus for my first time.  I discovered that I do not care for nori in my ramen, as I didn't like how it's flavor paired with the pork.  I also thought that the hard boiled egg I had in my soup was slightly overdone, but that could just be a preference of mine.

I also got the gyoza, and just so everyone knows, it takes 8 minutes to cook, so order when you sit down or you'll end up getting them after your meal.  The gyoza were fine, crispy on one side, with a very nice dipping sauce.  They give you a ready made dipping sauce, but you can also make your own if you like.

On the whole, a very pleasant and somewhat inexpensive lunch experience.
Is it Chasiu or is it Charsiu? Many people for generations have wondered. Watch this video in the link. It will explain everything about Charsiu/Chasiu. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo8Abj0neHY

There are 3 restaurants in Las Vegas that specialize specifically in Ramen. First, is the long reigning Monta Noodle house which prides itself on being an oldschool traditional Ramen house. 2nd, is Anime Ramen which is a very happening hangout for teenagers and college kids. 3rd is the brand new Ramen Sora. The thing I will admit about Ramen Sora is that it has the best customer service out of the three. And all three have excellent customer service, so it shows you how much more effort the workers at SORA put into their job. 

All 3 major Ramen houses have barely anything in common. The menu isn't very similar and the taste of the Ramen has absolutely nothing in common.  One of the only things they all have in common is that all 3 places hand craft their noodles daily. And, that's why it tastes so firm and fresh.

The Charsiu here is triple the thickness of Monta and Anime. But, they use a totally different style of Charsiu. Traditional Ramen Charsiu is cooked by rolling up the belly portion of pork into a wooden log and steaming it with soy sauce. That's why it falls apart so easily. SORA uses the same cut of pork but cooks and slices it in a different method.

They give a free egg, instead of charging extra like Monta does. And they don't charge extra for butter. Like respected Yelper "Jen G" pointed out, the Ramen here is packed beyond capacity with butter. It will shorten your life, but butter makes Ramen taste exceptionally great. That's a plus. 

The broth of the Miso Ramen tastes very similar to Santouka. Apparently, this is the common taste of Sapporo style Ramen. But, unlike Santouka, the broth here is far more higher quality and more ingredients are added for flavor. For those who don't know, Santouka is that giant chain of Ramen houses that have locations all over Japan. 

Our good friend Alex S says he likes SORA better than Monta because SORA doesn't have Non-Japanese Asian customers. I didn't know that Non-Japanese Asians weren't allowed to eat Ramen? And he was pissed off that one of the servers appears to be of Chinese descent. Hey Alex, everyone respects you for your knowledge of Japanese cuisine and we all know that you are a current citizen of Japan but, if Filipinos, Chinese, and Koreans didn't come to SORA, this place would quickly go out of business. There is only a little over 1 million Japanese-Americans still left in the United States, and most of them do not live in Las Vegas. Full blooded Japanese-Americans are one of the smallest minority groups in America, and are very rare to just find. According to the 2010 census there was only around 5000 Japanese-Americans in Las Vegas(and many are only half Japanese). I am sure that the Japanese owners of these restaurants have the complete opposite attitude as you, and actually love the fact that non-Japanese people come to support their business. Also, be happy that the server wasn't Japanese and that  most Japanese-Americans don't have to work difficult min-wage restaurant jobs, and instead work as corporate business executives, lawyers, doctors, and engineers here in America.  

It's also worth noting that Miso Ramen was invented in the island of Hokkaido. So, you absolutely must order one of the Miso Ramen variations when you eat at SORA. Why? Because SORA is a Sapporo style Ramen house, and Sapporo is the capital city of Hokkaido. 

In conclusion, SORA easily is one of the best Ramen houses in Las Vegas. But, we are still left not knowing if it's Charsiu or Chasiu.
Just a day off with the bestie and we decided on ramen.  When I think of ramen I have to admit I think of instant ramen I make at home with my own toppings and such.  First off, it looks like a big heaping bowl, like you can't finish it.  But you can, and you will, and it's amazing.  They are still in the beginning of their journey, this restaurant, so it wasn't a full bar or anything but it was so good I didn't need a beer or wine.
This place is amazing. To many of you who compare this to Monta, I believe this place is great in its own way. Monta and Sora are two completely different kinds of ramen. So understand that before comparing them. I prefer Ramen Sora because of the selection.  And honestly, the ramen here is tastier flavor wise.
The overall quality of their ramen is great!  The broth is rich and incredibly flavorful, the pork is nicely smoked and roasted to perfection with minimal fat; however, their fat was like butter, and their noodles were korean style which I preferred.  These guys are always friendly and prove excellent service, the food is consistent in quality and taste, and they don't rush you to eat.  The atmosphere is small but open, unlike monta.  It's quiet enough where you can have a nice conversation.  I would recommend this ramen house to any of my friends or family wanting to try something different and delicious.  Gyoza was awesome too!!!!
The mini chasiu bowl was a little bit of heaven! I had the miso ramen which was amazing..the broth was perfect, the noodles were thick and the chasiu melts in your mouth. One minor complaint is that the tamago was overdone. My only comparison with Monta, since I read that the two places shouldn't be compared food-wise, is that Sora is much roomier and there was no wait. We will be back!
I'm always in searching for the best tonkotsu ramen in the states.  Since I'm in Vegas for the weekend, why not try Ramen Sora.  I had  the chasiu miso ramen.  Maybe I was still hung over, but I thought the broth was too salty ( and I love SALTY).  However, the pork belly, half soft-broiled egg, and the noodle was delicious. Definitely recommend this place.
Originally we were going to hit up another ramen spot in the area but the line was KRAZY! Then my friend mentioned a new spot they had heard of so we went to check it out. Small place but quality of the food was good. Small selection but hey its ramen you cant expect s crazy selection anyway. Good quality stuff and always hits the spot. I usually get the deluxe miso. Good size bowl for a decent price. The service is always fast and on point. The noodles to me are on the of the best in town that ive found. If our looking for a ramen shop to hit your ramen cravings hit this place up, cant do you wrong. Try to keep the size of the group small is its not a huge place.
To me this is what good ramen is! Absolutely love the portion sizes and the taste of their miso broth. I will usually get a regular sized bowl and then another one to go before I leave so I can have some later that night =D. I know, I'm a fatty.
Nice to have a ramen shop other than Monta! Good product but the chashyu was cold in the middle...
Good ramen place with super friendly staff. I like the simplicty of the menu with 3 different broths, good portion size and its reasonable priced. Definetly will be going back this establishment.
Finally made it in for lunch.  We were absolutely shocked when we arrived at 1:15 on a Tuesday afternoon and we had to write our names down on the wait list.  Holy ramen! The secret is apparently out!  

We were sat after about 10 minutes.  The service is abrupt, and not too friendly but efficient!  As expected.  

We shared an order of gyoza ($3.75)  They were extra delicious.  Piping hot and served with a delightful dipping sauce.

I had the spicy miso ramen.  It wasn't very spicy but it was very good.  The broth is unctuous and flavorful.  Hubby got the spicy shio ramen and was much more taken with mine.  It's a large portion that will fill any belly.  It comes topped with green onion, half an egg, a slice of pork belly and ground pork.  The noodles maintain a good chew to them.  We were very full when we left.  Bill was $22.  

The joint is cute and clean and parking is a breeze.  I would definitely go again. And soon!
Purpose of visit: had a hankering for ramen and was told this was the place to go. We ordered the miso ramen. It was supposed to be spicy. Didn't find it that spicy at all but still very flavorful. Tomago was decent and the pork slices in the soup were tender. The key was the fresh made ramen which was very good. Definitely come back for a quick lunch. Place is relatively small so could be a wait during peak hours.
Supertastyamazing! Had the spicy miso ramen (don't fear the spice, its very mild), and my fave the mini chashu (sp?) - love the mini $2.50 portion. Its pretty filling, btw. 
They created the ramen to-go-kit for me, and notified that for health reasons, the egg would not be coming with the to-go kit. Was fine. What a super tasty meal! It really was incredible. I am fighting a cold, so the soup broth really helped me. I'd go back just for the soup, no noodles (although they were good, too).
Not a bad ramen place to try. So try it if you haven't! The people there are friendly and the ramen is pretty good.
"Large, low sodium miso, chasu ramen with corn and extra chasu". That is the order that won't fail you! The large is only  $1 extra with 50% more noodles. It's pretty darn big, but I'll take it home and eat the leftovers for lunch the next day. I prefer this place to the one down the street...you know the one that starts with 'm" and ends with "a".

Why? Glad you asked:
-free standing restaurant with it's own parking
-much bigger, roomier seating area...no reason to feel up the stranger sitting next to you(unless that's your thing)
-never a long wait...and usually none at all
-there are different serving sizes you can choose from...not one size fits all!
-the miso ramen broth is simmered overnight and is ridiculously creamy and tasty
-the NOODLES are Sapporo style and are cooked al dente. Perfect noodles for ramen!
-the gyoza is hands down better
--just go already!
Finally we tried Sora...and I haven't decided on whether I will be returning, when I seem to have much happier memories of enjoying the bowl of miso ramen at Monta.  I got the Miso ramen and I did enjoy the nice braised pork belly and the perfectly cooked half of an egg.  The noodle was a bit chewy for my taste, but my bf seem to enjoy it.  We  both didn't enjoy the bamboo shoots in the broth.  It kind of killed the flavor of the broth for us.  

I still don't know if I will return so it's an A-OK for now.
Ramen Sora is a solid ramen store, but with Monta right down the street, there is no comparison.  

I came to Ramen Sora starving one night with my roommate and fellow ramen connoisseur Andrew N.  We were in search of some filling ramen.  We both got the Deluxe Sora Ramen with Shio broth.  We both found the broth to be a little bland and not as flavorful as we expected it to.  To be fair there is a note at the bottom of the menu that clearly states to ask for the Shio concentrate if you want more flavor.  But why shouldn't the original broth have enough flavor to begin with?  The toppings were plentiful, there were three pieces of pork a soft boiled egg and plenty of veggies.  

I wish that there were more soup broths to choose from like a Tonkatsu or pork flavor or even a Shoyu flavor.  I also wish I could add in some corn without having to order the corn butter ramen.  One more thing, $10 for a deluxe bowl of ramen that wasn't that big?  I killed that bowl... imagine what damage a big dude could do.  Over priced for the amount and quality.

Overall a good meal but if you want ramen go to Monta for the real deal.  Sorry Ramen Sora.
The ramen here was not very memorable. I ordered the deluxe sora ramen with shio broth and my first impression was that it was very bland. Although there is a warning that additional flavor can be added to the bowl, I've never been to a great ramen shop where any additional flavor has to be added to the base broth. If you end up here, definitely order the extra flavoring with your meal. I don't think I would come back here unless there were no other alternatives for a late dinner. If you are desperate for some ramen, hit up Monta down the street.
I finally decided too check out Ramen Sora instead of my normal go to Monta. In one of those wanted too try something new or mix it up. I had the miso ramen was very good. The broth had nice flavor too it and noodles cooked just right. Honest overall still rank Monta as the only place too go ramen in Vegas. Not that Ramen Sora is bad I will still go back feel like mixing it up or if Monta wait is too long. I love my gyoza with my ramen (tradition two together) and not notice it on the menu here plus no one compete with Monta gyoza anyway. They do have charzuka (sure spelled it wrong) bowl which I ordered like my side dish. The meat was very tasty seared on top bed of rice in small bowl. 

The waitstaff is very friendly, courtesy, and greet you right when you walk in plus throughout your meal. The restaurant not very big I though Monta was small but this place might be just as small. The parking can be hassle depending time you go. Only ten or so stalls around the back of the restaurant then you would need too park on the streets. 

Overall miso ramen was winner but still have too place Monta above but whenever need get ramen fix sure Ramen Sora on my list!
I read about it on Yelp and tried it a few months ago and LOVE it! 

My favorite type of ramen is Sapporo style (miso) with corn and butter. I was happy to find they specialize in Sappro style! I ordered miso with corn and butter. It comes in three sizes and was really delicious! I also ordered the gyoza and mini chasu curry bowl. Such great prices for them as well. 

This is now my new go to place for ramen- since it is the best tasting miso ramen I've found in Vegas, I have never had to wait on a table, they're fast, the prices rock, and so does the service.
Excellent ramen...great flavor, not as salty as Monta ramen. I particularly love the thicker ramen noodles cooked to al dente. The killer spicy miso ramen is delicious and super spicy! Water was always filled and filled about 4 times...place is small, but service is great. Highly recommended
I'm ashamed.........I cheated on Monta....  The original plan was to go to Monta for lunch but after seeing a group of people waiting outside in the 100 + degree weather, I went with plan B and headed to Ramen Sora.  Up until this point I had been reluctant because I didn't want to end up dreaming about Monta while eating at another location.  The decor is simple but definitely more spacious than Monta.  The broth is made of pork bones and comes in miso, shio (salt), shoyu flavors.  The miso broth is the most popular and the deluxe ramen and spicy miso ramen are the fan favorites according to the waitress.  I decided to try the miso ramen with extra charsiu.  Beware....all meat lovers....you must order extra charsiu or else you will only get one piece of pork unless you order the deluxe ramen.  Ramen Sora only has one ramen noodle option versus Monta which has the thinner and thicker noodles.  The noodles at Ramen Sora are similar to the thicker/curly noodles at Monta.  When the bowl arrived I was still a little hesitant and wary....but first taste of the broth I was pleasantly surprised by the rich pork flavor of the broth with a hint of sweetness from the miso.  The pork was adequate, definitely leaner cut compared to the version at Monta....but a little too salty in my opinion.  Since, I am a fatty at heart, I like the extremely tender pork pieces at Monta...the tenderness may be due to higher fat content =) Bonus is that Ramen Sora comes with an egg, without having to pay extra.  Overall, I would say broth and noodles are comparable at the two locations, definitely a difference in flavor but both are very good.  However, I still prefer the pork at Monta.  But I will definitely be back...especially if I don't have to wait in a long line =)
Ramen really isn't my thing typically, but when my girl insisted we check this place out, I obliged. The service was friendly and efficient. The ramen was tasty and perfectly warm and filling. Adding pork and extra noodle is the way to go. This meal actually made my day and I look forward to coming here again soon.
Ramen here is delightfully delish.  All broths are good.  Pork belly and gyoza on the side,  even more  yummy for my tummy:)
I liked the ramen here at Ramen Sora, but it didn't blow me away like the ramen at Monta did. The flavors were distinctive and the ingredients seemed fresh and properly prepared. The flavors didn't seem to have some of the delicacy that I got at Monta.
I got the spicy miso ramen and it actually wasn't that spicy. But I could get it again and if I lived in Las Vegas I could see myself eating here regularly.
Same old Vegas, same old story of recovery. Needless to say we came here on a Sunday to enjoy a soupy dish to cure our hangovers. Unfortunately, there is a point of hungover-ness that cannot be cured, no matter the cure you end up choosing. This was one of those days. 

I ordered the deluxe ramen, which came loaded with half an egg, chasu, and seaweed. I was able to eat maybe 25% of it tops, but that was enough for me to make a worthwhile evaluation. The broth is excellent, extremely fatty and much more flavorful than other ramen establishments that I have tried. The chasu was fatty as well but the meat was not as lean as some places that I have had in LA. The soft boiled egg was indeed soft boiled which is good, but it was was still cold and not heated up yet from the soup so that could be improved.

Overall I would definitely come to try this place again when I am capable of finishing an entire bowl.
This place is officially my favorite ramen spot. PERIOD. For a multitude of reasons...

1) Most importantly, I like my food spicy. I don't mean "spicy-tuna-roll-spicy"... I'm talkin' fiery hot, but the flavor has to be there too. It can't taste like those atomic hot wings tossed in chemical-like hot sauces. Ohhh ramen sora, thank you for having the PERFECT idea of spicy :). The killer spicy ramen is my dream come true broth. 

2) I enjoy variety. The mini chasu curry bowl and an order of gyoza are perfect side dishes to ramen. They also provide a great list of toppings for ramen (extra chasu, corn, etc). 

3) Ramen is NOT supposed to be expensive! Honestly, it can be just a tad cheaper but compared to most spots in Vegas, this place is the most reasonable. :)

4) Friendly workers. The service is always fantastic. I never see the bottom of my water, and trust me this is very important when you're enjoying a super-sized killer spicy ramen. Most Asian restaurants tend to neglect glasses of water and we are forced to wave down a waiter for a refill. Not Ramen Sora, they're on top of their game! 

5) Space. I didn't really want to compare Ramen Sora to Monta too much, but man, Monta really does need to expand for customer convenience. You won't have as much problem getting a table/seats at Ramen Sora. 

6) THE RAMEN HERE IS JUST PLAIN FANTASTIC. Great broth, amazing noodles cooked to perfection (not too soggy and just a tad thicker than Monta's), and several options for the broth: shio, shoyu, miso. Flavor reminds me of my favorite ramen spots in NYC, which says a lot. 

In conclusion, THANK YOU Ramen Sora for being present in Vegas, and so conveniently located as well ;) I only wish you'd offer delivery...
Finally made it here after the "Flies on S@#t" effect wore off (When there's a new hot spot in town, people get drawn to it like flies on S@#t) This was our first visit and most definitely not our last...

(S)apporo style ramen is their speciality
(O)nly Monta was the go to spot before Sora
(R)amen noodles are OFF THE HOOK!!!
(R)ice bowls are available as well
(Y)ou gotta get the Gyoza too!

(M)iso is one of their popular broths
(O)pen until 11pm
(N)o reservations needed
(T)amago with your ramen is a MUST!
(A)lready getting hungry as I'm typing this review

(!)...........ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(342/365) "Slurpin' @ Sora"
The best ramen in town! No Ramen,No life,
Very good ramen ... definitely will come back for more! =D
There is only one thing better than dancing naked in the rain while listening to depeche mode enjoy the silence CD; and it is having some good Ramen.

Despite the fact that my favorite miso is Monta's I cant give less than 5 stars to Sora because of its authenticity, service, portions, flavor and awesomeness. It is very hard to find something that tells you. 100% JDM , but sora does it. With its full of flavor broths ,high quality chashu , and Gyoza. this Ramen house is a must.

The place is big enough so you dont have to wait, and now that all the hipsters have tried it, there is no long wait, actually I only waited once and it was about 2 minutes.

I did their super spicy miso and it was amazing. So much flavor and an perfect punch of hotness uppercut me like Ryu or Ken on street fighter. It was simply marvelous
Like you've probably read from a few other reviewers, Monta is usually the spot to be for ramen. Well, it was. I'm a believer in Sora now.

Don't get me wrong, Monta is not a bad place. It's a matter of personal preference. Sora and Monta have different style noodles and different broths. Generally speaking, Sora has more choices, combinations, and a larger menu for non-ramen items. It's also delicious. Even the atmosphere feels a little more Japanese than you'd expect. It's quite nice.

One last thing - their chopsticks are brilliant. They are textured on the ends so you can get a hold of noodles better! Genius.
I'm a total ramen snob. Actually, not snob but, GomaTei (in Hawaii) Elitest. 
My friends and I always joke about that cuz GT is our favorite and everything else sucks in comparison.

I tried Monta cuz I followed the crowd and wasn't pleased with their salty broth...so, when I came here, I was set on not liking it. 

Waiter was really nice and patient with my "are you sure this isn't salty" comments. lol
He recommended the shio (least salty) broth; and since I like spicy, I added that to the mix. My BF had spicy broth with spicy meat. 

First taste was a true pleasant one =)
Broth was spicy enough to my liking and NOT SALTY ----- YAYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!
Noodles were soft but, not too soft. Which is, also, to my liking.
Needless to say, I drank up alot of the broth...and had the BF kill the rest of my noodles.

Waiter asked if the broth was good and I just smiled and thanked him with a fat tip.
It aint GomaTei but, I'm still beyond excited to have a ramen spot in Vegas to call my own.
Ate here earlier this week and ordered a shio ramen with corn. I love ramen but this place didn't impress me. It's just alright. Have had better ramen in Japan and Mitsuwa marketplace. I don't really like the soupbase. I prefer tonkotsu soup base. It's not bad but nothing special either. I prefer monta ramen over ramen sora.
Excellent service. Very plesant. Ordered the deluxe with super size.. so far best ramen i tried in las vegas. Atmosphere is very relaxing..
My FAVORITE Ramen shop in West coast =D hands down. 

So Ramen  has many different style, but 2 basic soup base, one been tonkotsu (thick creamy pork broth) and chicken clear base. 

Sora dose the clear broth perfect, their soup is not too thin and not too thick, and when it comes to ramen, i love perfect clear broth. 
Mota dose the tonkotsu base fairly well, but my personal reference, i like the Sora soup. 

Noodle is thicker than what i like but their noodle is thick "chijire" (means wiggly and not straight) and gose really well w. the soup. 

service is quck and loved that they serve tea at the end. I will keep going back here when i'm in vegas
Good ramen here! I got the miso ramen with extra spicy meat. It also came with a slice of pork. It's very filling and the noodles are nice and soft. The broth is amazing. Too bad though they don't offer side plates of kimchee fried rice like Monta, but it still satisfies the ramen craving! The service is excellent as well! They are very attentive, friendly, and casual with you.
Service was super quick and the ramen was great, some of the best I've ever had. Definitely will return for more of the spicy miso goodness!
The gf and I were exploring the Chinatown area.  We'd had our banh mi appetizer and decided to find some ramen for our lunch main course.  Once again, we referenced our Yelp iPhone app and two names seemed to be head and shoulders above the competition, Monta Ramen and Ramen Sora, based on the sage advice of Misti Y, Janel S, and Yuhi K.  We made our way up W. Spring Mountain and Ramen Sora became our default choice since it was a shorter walk from Mr. Sandwich. 

Ramen Sora doesn't look like much from the outside or inside with its dive-ish exterior and generic furnishings, but it definitely sounds like a Japanese ramen shop with the shouted greeting "Irrasshaimase!" as you enter the place and the slurping of noodles and broth.  The menu is pretty straightforward with descriptive photos of items offered.  While the Spicy Miso Ramen sounded intriguing, I went with the regular Miso Ramen with Chashu ($9) since I had recently had a similar bowl of miso ramen at ramen shop in DC from which to base a comparison with Ramen Sora's.   Three thick slices of pork belly rested atop a bed of nicely cooked noodles, which were bathed in a generously-sized bowl filled with flavorful, but not too salty, miso broth.  The broth was a bit greasy, but it was a result of the fatty pork belly, and not a detractor from the overall bowl.  Ramen Sora's Miso Ramen with Chashu was not quite as good as the bowl I had at DC's Toki Underground (http://www.yelp.com/biz/toki-underground-washington#hrid:J5z59CPghtxPxofmaWWhdw/src:self.), but it was appreciably less expensive and offered incredible value!  Ramen Sora really delivered!  Next time, I'll have to try the Spicy Miso Ramen.
First things first: I feel like I must weigh in on the age old (okay 6 month old) debate of Monta or Sora?   I.... I....  I'm giving it a tie.   Boooooooooooo!

Yeah, I can't call it.  Decided to finally visit Sora this past Friday and had been extremely intrigued by all the yelpers who prefer Sora over Monta and vice versa.  I actually convinced myself that Sora probably had better Ramen because even though I love Monta's version, I've sort of gotten bored of it and find myself ordering the Pork Belly Bowl more often.   

Decided to go with the Spicy Miso bowl and was also fortunate enough to be able to try the Shoyu Ramen as well.  I really liked the noodles at Sora, moreso than Monta as I felt they were more al dente than what I've had at Monta which is what I prefer.  The pork and egg gave me the same pleasurable dining experience that I get from Monta.   As for the broth, in the beginning I actually thought it was a little bland, even after I tried to mix it all up.   With each bite, it became better and better and by the end of my bowl, I felt it had a lot of depth.   The next time I go I actually think I'm going to hold off a few minutes before digging right in as difficult as that will be to do.   The longer those ingredients, and in particular the spicy ground pork, stew in the broth, the better.  I think overall I found it to be as enjoyable as my favorite broth at Monta, the tonkatsu.

I also tried some of the Shoyu broth and actually wasn't impressed with it.   I thought it tasted fairly thin and not nearly as flavorful as Monta's version. I do need to explore their side offerings some more before trying to break this tie, but for now it is what it is.   To the owners of Monta and Sora: I accept bribes (to the Yelp Elite Council:  just kidding)
the spicy miso is delicious!
When it comes to Ramen in Las Vegas I've read all the reviews for the 3 main places. But I held off on trying any because in the back of my mind ramen is the stuff you find in styrofoam cups or bricks of dried noodles wrapped in cellophane. Ramen Sora is not that kind of Ramen at all. Not even close. 

Ramen Sora is pushing it distance wise for my lunch choices, but I went anyway. (Gotta love Desert Inn - Super Arterials equal SPEED so getting past Las Vegas Blvd is not an issue!) The place is very clean, even a peek through the door into the kitchen showed it to be almost spotless. Service was fast, friendly, and most importantly very helpful. I can't recall everything I ordered, Green Tea, a side plate with eggs, Charsiu, and other yummy stuff, and a bowl of Miso Ramen. 

I have to say I'm typically NOT a pork fan. But when it comes to Charsiu...OMG I have never had anything like this before. Tender, easily pulled apart with chopsticks, and with a flavor I have rarely associated with pork in the past. Charsiu is incredible, more like mind blowing and it certainly adjusted my mindset on pork and how it can be prepared. But as good as the Charsiu was, the bowl of Miso Ramen was beyond incredible. Ok, I admit I didn't eat the egg they put in it, but that's the only thing I didn't eat as this was one of the most flavorful dishes I've had in a very long time. I can't really describe the complexity except to say I have never sat down with a noodle type dish before and finished with a smile from ear to ear because it was so damn good. Until now. 

I have a new found understanding on what true Ramen is, and how great it is. And I thank everyone who has taken the time to post on Yelp for helping point me towards one of the more incredible food experiences I've had to date since moving to Las Vegas. I will be back, I will bring others, and yes, this place is as awesome as others have said. 

5 Stars, without any question or hesitation. TRY IT!
This place freaking rocks. I love the simple decor inside. I was craving spicy food and this definitely hit the spot. I got the killer spicy miso ramen super-sized. It was so rich and spicy, I cannot wait to try all the other sides and soups.
I like them better than Monta, there I said it. 

Lately, Monta's been serving up some really salty broth, so my family and I needed to find another place for our ramen fix. Thank goodness Ramen Sora opened. I love their chewy noodles and the broth: for some may be flavorless, but to me it's not overpowering. My only gripe is their chashu, it's a little thin and it falls apart quickly (this is where Monta wins). So far so good. I'll have to come back when the weather gets colder to update my opinion on this place. Hopefully it doesn't disappoint.
This is my new ramen place! Sorry monta, the waiting and the flavors are getting old.. What can I say, the ramen is good, my face is the shoyu, they have super spicy ramen too, but the char siu pork bowl is the main reason I keep coming back for more! They don't advertise it on the menu but you can supersize that baby! Prices are very reasonable here too and the place is much bigger than monta! Definitely give this place a try!
122 Degrees outside in the desert and I still want hot steaming ramen.

Came to Las Vegas a couple times to visit a friend, and after having Ramen Sora the first time, I made it a point to have it 3 more.   So much awesomeness.  Best ramen I've ever had, and it's 4 hours away from me!  Booo.

They have all 4 types of soup base, although shoyu is my favorite.  They describe, in detail, the cooking process to the perfect base.  Time honored traditions and 10 minutes later, the best ramen EVER.

I can't wait to hit Vegas again, hopefully in the winter though!

This fine establishment does not serve alcohol, unfortunately.
I wanted to love you Ramen Sora. But in the end, I am not sure I feel about you.

You walk in and get this amazing welcome. 
The place was definately smaller than I thought. I mean I know it's a small building, I just thought they would have had more chairs and tables inside.

I have been wanting to try this place since it first opened and I finally did one day during my lunch break. I arrived shortly after opening time and it was quiet but boy oh boy did that place fill up very quickly.

I ordered the spicy hot soup (can't remember the name)  with shoyu broth but very similar to the deluxe. I added bean sprouts to my soup and also ordered the gyoza.

My Ramen was just okay. I don't know if it was the reviews that I read that let me down or if I am a Ramen snob. Either way, it was just okay. The broth was good, flavorful, the noodles were neither here nor there for me. The noodles I was not a fan of. I love a good chew to my noodle but these just didn't work for me.

The pork belly in my soup was so tender and good though. The seaweed I wanted more but refused to pay $1.00 for 3 sheets. My egg could have been cooked less but needless to say, I love egg in my Ramen so not too much of a gripe for me.

The gyoza however, hands down some of the best I have ever had in my life. Simply put: they were cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful on the inside. I felt like I won the jackpot with this dish.

Would  I go back? Yes, why not. I would love to try their miso broth and I gotta go back for the gyoza. But I am not in a big rush to return.
To me, this place is just as good as Monta. I have no idea why people get so crazy about Monta. I mean it is good but Sora is just as good if not better. 

My gf is from Japan and she approves this message.
There are a few distinct styles of Ramen those of which I am not well versed.  However I have been to Japan and the first thing I craved when I returned was Ramen, I know right?  Anywho if you question the statments above then go with Cup O Noodle if you don't then enjoy a true cup of ramen soup...   Before the days of Las Vegas Ramen I used to have to travel to LA to visit friends and OMG please EAT RAMEN!  (Feed Me!)  Now, in the newer days of Vegas Ramen the argument will continue of "who is the best Ramen"  I cannot answer this question but I will continue to eat some of them because I love those I choose for different reasons. 

Ramen Sora let me list the ways I love you...

1. I love your noodles best, firm but not hard.  Extremly well hand made (the reason my boyfriend loves this place and I have grown to respect is the noodles, before him I would have never noticed the difference).

2. Cha Sui/ Char Sui Ramen depending on who you speak to these are two different    things but like I said I am not well versed enough to tell you that.  Yours is one piece of delightfully cooked, basically melts in your mouth but I wish I had more of you.

3. Shyu ("soy sauce") ramen, love the broth however what I really want is not here but like I said I come here for reasons of its own as stated above but I am always satisfied whether it is Shyu ("soy sauce"), Miso which involves a chicken/fish and strong salt base.  There is one more choice at this place but I have never ordered it so I cannot speak about it.   Last but not least is not at this restaurant so I will not continue.

A couple of other notes is I LOVE the corn butter ramen however my body does not.  So I order the corn butter ramen with extra nori (seaweed good for your skin and so much more), extra onion and hold the bamboo.  When it comes I take the butter out (I eat very little red meat and even less fried food and butter it has to be a special place to have me eat it!)  But not as much to make me sick.  

I am always full satisfied and really really happy when I leave.  There may be a small wait depending on the night and sometimes there will be no wait.  It depends on the time of night and the night.  The most I have ever waited was 20 min, well worth the wait in my mind...
I've been wanting to try this place but since the other ramen place had overly salty broth the last two times, I got turned off eating ramen all together. There was a odd day of constant rain and cool temps in this blister which needed to be celebrated with some soup. Made for a perfect excuse to have something warming.

I grabbed up a miso ramen and the BF went for spicy ramen and on the recommendation of the server for a "lighter" broth got shoyu base. The miso was savory and buttery (has some oil floaties, but enough to be a deterrent) and not overtly salty. I really like that it comes with a soft boiled soy egg, the thicker rustic roast style cut of chashu was tender and the ramen was rightfully chewy. This is a bit different from the traditional Sapporo toppings I'm used to as it normally has corn, bean sprouts, pork, and garlic. I suppose I could add those toppings next time. I took a taste of the BFs shoyu spicy broth and it was fairly good. Still a bit porky, but much lighter since it isn't creamy like the miso and the spicy crept up to a medium burn. 

We got a mini chashu bowl to share. It was much smokier than the chashu in the soup so it seems they throw it on the grill before serving and top with a drizzle of sweet soy so it's a different experience. I like this preparation. I wish they offer some vinegar as a side condiment as the little bit of acid would be nice with the sweet. 

We came within the last hour of being open so I figured that's why service is quick, but hope that it soup comes out that fast regularly. Our server was friendly and didn't make us feel rushed. 

I definitely prefer this over the other ramen place. Somehow my BF got it in his head he doesn't like ramen so even though I like it, it may be a trek I make again alone.
Another good Ramen shop in Vegas!  I love it.

As many have mentioned, Ramen Sora is on a par with Monta Ramen.  The shop is easy to find and is spacious... though part of this spaciousness comes not from the actual square footage of the shop, but because the interrior is designed in such a way that there is considerable open (and wasted space in the middle.

One thing that Monta had going for it is the variety if menu items other than Ramen, like Cha-han (fried rice), etc. But when it comes to Ramen, I think that Ramen Sora rises above Monta.

My wife and I went on a Monday afternoon, around 2 pm. There was no long wait list, though by 2:40 pm, there was 4 or 5 groups waiting for seats. Once seated, and order taken, the food came out quickly. I ordered the signature Deluxe Sora Ramen, Miso flavor, and my wife had the Shoyu Ramen.

What I think sets Sora above Monta for me is the broth.  The broth at Sora is not too salty, gentle, yet complex flavor. My tonkotsu miso broth had very gentle flavors, with almost a peanutty aroma. I was able to finish the whole broth without feeling it being too salty. My wife's Shoyu broth was the same way. You could taste the pork bone broth, hint of shoyu, a bit of sweetness and some herbs.  Very nice.  I find Monta's broth to be too salty at times.

The tonkotsu broth at Sora is on the very light (not thick) kind which is very refreshing.

The noodle is medium thick wavy noodle with sufficient chweyness.  I give it a 10 out of 10.

The cha-shu is melt in your mouth tender, though this is where I felt a bit excess of saltiness. Still very very good.

We also had the gyoza which is very good also. Tender filling, lots of juice, and again, not too salty... in fact you could really taste the sweetness... 

All in all I think that Sora may be my new favorite ramen shop in Vegas.
My favorite ramen here!! NO.1 in Vegas
Authentic japanese ramen :)

Chashuu was soft and yummy, soup is perfect.
I wanna go 3 times a week!
I'm officially a traitor....Ramen Sora has won my heart and I have forsaken Monta.  I went back to Monta once since eating at Sora...and the soup just seemed lack luster.  The broth didn't seem as rich and thick as Sora's....although the pork is still good there...the pieces of pork at Sora are bigger.  Bigger is always better =P.  Each time at Sora has been consistently good, versus at Monta sometimes the broth is too salty, sometimes it is too watery.  I've also noticed at Monta, there has been a shift in the kitchen staff....not all of them are Japanese anymore....
Killer Spicy Ramen,  now that I've found you, I don't think I can ever let you go. Staff is friendly, the food comes out quick, and it's just so damn tasty! 
I've only really had the miso killer spicy ramen here; I keep meaning to try the other broths, but the miso's so good that I just keep going back to it. The mini pork and chasu curry bowls are really good too. 
Parking is a bit iffy, but I've never actually had a prob getting a spot, so I don't really care. I'd love to see their drink menu expanded though. Soda's and canned teas, that's about it.
I've been station in Southern Japan for about 3 years. Didnt really appreciated my duty station nor the host country as much as i should have but Ramen is one thing you could count on when you just squandered your paycheck at the bar and you're tired of eating at the mess hall.

I remember my first time at a Ramen house in Hiroshima...From the outside looking in through a foreigner's eyes what caught me was the wax display bowls of noodles through some glass. It looked good enough and i was hungry as hell so why not. I dont remember the name of the place, most likely because i cant read nor do i understand Japanese but the wax bowls was good enough. Ordering was a bit of a pain as i had to leave my seat, walk with the waitress over to the display and point at what i wanted but when it came out...WOW. The broth was rich i mean REALLY rich, the noodles were firm and chewy and slices of pork were perfect. Perfect both in taste and meat to fat ratio.

Ramen Sora doesnt exactly replicate the same taste or sensations but then again how could i expect them to? The perfect replication of New York style pizza has to go as far as it analyze NY tap water and recreate it to even begin to mimic the crust. Do I expect Ramen Sora to hire a bunch of scientists to cough up an exact mineral analysis of Japanese tap water in order to recreate authentic ramen in Las Vegas? Well yes but when that comes i wont complain about paying over 20 dollars for a bowl.

Long story short, compared to other ramen houses which i will not name (completely dedicated to ramen not 'oh look they have ramen on the menu even though they specialize in Japanese import auto repairs'), Ramen Sora is as close as i'm gonna get without going back to Japan. 

Compared to what i remember of authentic Japanese Ramen, Sora is a bit on the bland side but their menu choices as well as optional sides well make up for it. The pork they use is so damn close it's almost scary to me.

So far i've had the Miso broth and it was damn good if not a little bland due to personal preference, and that didnt stop me from devouring the entire bowl.

I would definitely go back to try out the other broths and HIGHLY recommend this place as well as return to in the winter when it gets colder.
As good as ramen in Hawaii, a high complement, and congratulations on getting you liqueur license, I had the second beer you served.
If it's over 100 degrees outside, and I still look forward to eating at Ramen Sora, then I think that says a lot.  This is by far my favorite ramen to date; I love the Sapporo style ramen they serve here, with it's rich flavor and chewy, al dente noodles.  Having tried a few other spots in Vegas, as well as spot in LA and San Francisco, Ramen Sora remains my favorite!

The pork is always tender and flavorful.  Eggs are always cooked perfectly.  Plenty of topping combinations are available, but I usually go for the Nori Ramen; you're pretty much getting a Deluxe Bowl minus the extra pork for $1.50 less.  The miso broth is my favorite, and offers very rich flavors.  Not too salty, just rich.  Rich like Bruce Wayne going on a yacht with the entire Russian ballet.  The miso at other places is rich like Bruce Wayne doing the Batdance with Miranda Tate on the floor of a giant mansion with no electricity...it could be better.  Are those references even accurate?  I don't know.  But I do know that you should give Ramen Sora a try, even if you are already devoted to another ramen shop in town.
it was a pretty hot day for ramen, but I can't help it because I was really excited to try out Ramen Sora. Wanting to try their spiciest ramen but not yer build up enough courage and settle for spicy ramen with shoyu broth, ordered side of gyoza and an iced green tea to make it a meal.
The noodle was cooked perfectly, their pork was tender, and best part has to be the boiling egg that to me was cooked just right, tender on the outside with a runny yellow... my mouth water just writing about this..
I had try out other ramen joint, and ramen sora will be one of my top choice.. so if ur ever in vegas, craving for a ramen, even on a scorching hot day, go to ramen sora and have yourself a bowl..
until my next trip..
When it comes to food, I never pretend to know something about cuisines that I was only introduced to a few years ago - or at least I let people know that up front when I write a review about it.

That being said, Ramen Sora has good ramen - at least I think it is good. The noodles definitely have a unique flavor that I have not run across before. I ate the whole bowl, so I must have liked it.

However, maybe I was spoiled by Monta down the street, because I was bummed to find they had so few choices of add-ins like chili oil or pickled ginger. 

While I will admit that I really liked the food, I don't expect that his will be where I find myself when I drive down to Chinatown for ramen.
Authentic ramen....the fried rice and gyoza on the side were perfect compliments!
I was told about Ramen Sora by some friends that this ramen was better than Momta's.  I am a BIG fan of Monta so I had to see for myself.   I went to check it out with three coworkers.

I had the spicy miso ramen with green onions and a mini curry bowl.  Two of my co- workers also went with the spicy miso.  One tried the Nori miso.

Overall I would say that the spicy miso was right there with Monta's.  In retrospect, I should have ordered a normal miso to make a better comparison.  Overall I would say that Ramen Sora is right there with Monta.
Went here for lunch recently.  I did not have to wait for a table and they brought out my ramen within 6 minutes! I took away a star because my chashu was cold and I had to let it sit in the soup to warm up.
Just ate here and it was so damn good. I couldn't get over the Charsu.. it was so buttery soft and delicious. You must eat here if you are in Vegas.
3 different soup bases; I went with the Miso.
3 different sizes; regular, large, super size, I went with the super size
Loads of extra toppings; I always get an extra egg, and if I am really hungry, extra bamboo and chasu (pork), I just chose the extra egg (Tamago).
My bowl doesn't look that much bigger than a regular or large, but don't underestimate the size as they fill it up with lots and lots of noodles and broth. I went with the spicy ramen which isn't super spicy but still held a nice kick, for the really spicy go-getters, they have killer spicy.
Great service, restaurant isn't extraordinarily big, but they accommodated 12 of us no problem.
Got the Spicy Shoyu Ramen which had robust flavor and perfectly hit the spot. 

I have to say in a comparison, Ramen Sora is probably #1 on my list of Japanese noodle houses right now. 

Will definitely be back!
Well done. Tasty miso ramen (spicy). And great service too!
Close comparison to monta Ramen bigger servings and more broth with more selections. The place is definitely bigger than Monta Ramen each has a unique take on Ramen noodles and each are good. We just had Sora Ramen on the weekend although they do need to get more servers for the place since its packed all the time, Packed meaning its really good :). Otherwise what they lack in service they more than make up for it in quality and price. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants Ramen.
Probably the best ramen that I've had in Las Vegas. The broth is made from a base added to a pork bone broth that the brew for hours & hours. You can get a variety of different soups.

I like the charsiu ramen with killer spicy meat and corn. That was perfectly spicy. The heat tends to come with what tasted like Thai chilies. Obviously not something I thought I'd find in a traditional Japanese dish, however, it was good & I LOVE Thai chilies, so no complaints here. The noodles had a nice bite to them. And the pork was rather tender and savory.

The service was friendly and accommodating to my rowdy yet fun group of friends. We left them a very nice tip for their troubles, because we did feel they earned it. I think most of the guys wanna make this the "last stop before skipping town" on Vegas trips from now on. Great after a night of partying.
I like this place more than Monta. It has the perfect portion for my liking, and not too expensive. I always get the cahsu ramen with miso soup. The food comes out fast and service is average. But the food makes up for it. And I never had to wait for a table, I think only once because it was a big party of 8.
Such good ramen! The service was excellent, and Sora has a couple of advantages over Monta: 1) A larger dining room, which results in not having to wait around outside for a table 2) a wider variety of available add ins. Don't get me wrong, Monta is great, but in my opinion Ramen Sora is better.
This location had several restaurants already in the past few years which closed down, hopefully, Ramen Sora is here to stay. 

I tried the Killer Spicy Miso Noodle, it was so good and really spicy! I think I drank 2 glasses of water coz of this but it's worth it.   My only con was it had a lot of raw green onion since I am not a fan of it. My bf had the regular shoyu noodles and it was also very tasty. 

We will be back!
I had to stop by and check this place out. I LOVE ramen and I heard that Ramen Sora was even better than Monta. Since Monta is my favorite, I had to see for myself.

I ordered the Shoyu ramen, my favorite. Trust me, I was very tempted by their spicy options but in order to truly compare the two noodle shops, I had to go for the classic. I really liked it! It was a little saltier than the broth at Monta and the noodles were thick and chewy. I was fine with these things, but I must admit, I would still pick Monta as my first choice. Don't get me wrong, I will be back to Sora. I guess it just depends on which of the two I'm craving since they're different. They have a couple of dessert options, so with my sweet tooth, this is a definite plus. They have mango mochi and Kurogoma Dango. I didn't get to try either one on this trip, but I shall try one next time.

I liked the fact that Sora's dining room is spacious and not quite as busy as Monta's. Service was fast and everyone was very nice. I'll definitely be back. I must try their spicy soup!
Since they serve Sappora Style noodle, I thought I should get shio ramen.  Big mistake. Pretty terrible. Why I can't find decent ramen places in Vegas? I don't wanna pay 17 bucks for a ramen at Ippudo in New York, but we need quality noodle in Vegas. Well, my rating doesn't do justice because I haven't try other kind. I will rewrite when I get back there. See if I like it better than Monta, tho, Monta isn't that great either.
Hubby and I went there to widen our Ramen-horizon. Until then, all we had tried was the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen from Ramen Monta and since we loved that one, it really was hard to go somewhere else for something different. 

And "different" was the word that describes the Miso based ramen we tried. This was my first miso ramen and I ordered it spicy. What I didn't know was that spicy meant "spicy meat"? Unfortunately, I found out that I didn't like the spicy meat flavor so much. I thought it overwhelmed or spoiled the actual miso flavor a little and it felt a little like eating spaghetti bolognese - but what do I know, right? Plus, it didn't really add extra spice - side note: hubby and I are both crazy spicy food eaters, so that could be why.

But I'm learning something new almost everyday when it comes to Japanese food and now I feel like every restaurant makes this dish a little different. I need some Ramen education for dummies or Ramen 101 to learn about all the different kinds. I think so far I like the pork based broth the best but it is also only one of the two I have tried so far.
Always very excellent noodles especially their chaasu meat. friendly staff.
On a chilly snowy day in Vegas, (yes, we do have more seasons than 100 degree summers!), nothing is more prefect than a warm bowl of ramen.

It's difficult to avoid comparing this place to Monta but Ramen Sora stole first place as my favorite ramen joint. Ramen Sora is bigger than Monta which means more seating and less wait times. We went on a Saturday evening around 6 and barely beat the rush. 

The menu is pretty basic - when it comes to ramen they had items I've never heard of like Corn Butter Ramen so I was too scared to try it. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and upgraded to a large for $1 more. My husband got the regular sized Miso Ramen. (Tip: You will definitely want to upgrade to a large!)

My husband and I argued over whose broth was better. I loved my Shoyu and he loved the Miso. I can't pretend to be a ramen connoisseur but I know the broth wasn't too salty and was full of flavor. The ramen was perfectly cooked. I enjoyed all the accompaniments like bamboo shoots, seaweed and especially the egg.

Service was good and friendly. After the dinner rush though, we had to flag someone to get our bill. I saw a "now hiring" sign so its good to know they're going to resolve that issue. This place is only going to get even busier now that its sweater weather!
I finally had the chance to eat at Ramen Sora with some friends after talking about it for quite a while.  What better time to have some hot noodles than when it's frickin' 48 degrees outside?  We arrived around 5:30pm tonight (Sunday) and sat right down--so nice to not have to wait, like at that other place.  Our waitress was prompt about getting our drink orders and helpful with explaining the differences between the miso, shoyu, and shio ramen.  I opted for the corn butter shoyu ramen and it sure hit the spot on a cold night.  I've been to Monta twice, but after eating here, I think I like Ramen Sora better.  Service was attentive and friendly throughout and the space is not cramped.  As the weather gets colder, I'm sure I'll be here often, slurping away and keeping warm.  Arigato!
delish! best morning after meal esp on a chilly vegas day. the place can easily be missed unless you're looking for it. standalone on a busy street, with a small parking lot, the inside is even smaller with a few large tables. the wait staff is very nice and attentive.

ordered the miso ramen with corn. flavors were good, noodles were perfect. only note was that it came with only one piece of chashu where other places at least give you two. good thing i didnt care for meat that day as the noodles and soup base was juuust right.
This is a great ramen place in Las Vegas Chinatown. If you're a fan of ramen and have a craving while in Vegas, go here!
I am no longer a virgin, a ramen virgin that is! Yay! My pal Heather introduced me to Ramen Sora and I was so delighted with my dish. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and upgraded to a large for $1 more. Mmmm yum I started my bowl off by tasting the broth first and it was very flavorful indeed! I enjoyed the ramen which was thicker than I had imagined and quite tasty as well. I really wanted more broth as I could have eaten a bowl of just that alone it was so tasty and flavorful! I really liked the egg, green onion, seaweed and tender pork strip mixed in it was delicious and savory.

I enjoyed my cold can of Oolong tea which went perfect with my bowl of ramen! This was a cozy dining experience and we were able to take our time and eat slow to enjoy some great conversation and tasty ramen!

I am happy to have had this experience and will be back to romance the ramen!
I was sick and congested and wanted my cure-all for any illness: pho.  But my husband suggested ramen. What? No, I don't want a 30 cent cup of salt from Albertsons! I'm sick; take care of me!  Little did I know he was talking about real ramen, of which I had no knowledge.

We arrived around 8 and surprisingly there was a wait, but it wasn't too long. When we were seated, the waitress immediately asked what we wanted. I hadn't even looked at the menu yet!  I guess most people here are regulars and know what they want.

I decided on the deluxe ramen so I could try a little bit of everything. I got the miso base and my husband got the shio base.  One bite and it was like fireworks went off and angels starting singing! Ramen may be taking over pho as my favorite soup da loop.

The miso base is slightly creamy with such a flavorful burst.  It's everything I want pho to be after I add fish sauce, hoisin sauce, and soy....but I didn't have to add anything.  The pork in it fell apart like butter, the noodles were chewy, and the egg was a nice surprise that I was slightly wary of but ended up loving.  The shio base that my husband got reminded me of egg drop soup.  Less flavorful if you wanted to taste the meat more.  But what I really loved (and this is so stupid!) were the utensils! No cheap break apart chop sticks, no, there is a container of real chopsticks that are so pointy that they were the easiest chopsticks I've ever used.  The spoons have a lip so that the spoon doesn't fall in your soup and it has a notch near the spoon for resting on the bowl so you dont have to put it on the table.  Don't ask me why that impressed me so much.

I took off one star because of the service. Along with the immediate wanting to order, we had to hunt someone down for a water refill and our check after waiting a long time.
This is my go to ramen place in Las Vegas. Over the many times that I have dined here, I have tried most of the ramens here. My favorite being the spicy miso. The broth is always flavorful. The spicy miso is not overly spicy. It has a nice bite to it. The chashu is not as melt in your mouth/bowl as Monta's but it isn't the main draw for me. The noodles are perfect with their slight chewiness and the nitamago yolk as always deliciously creamy.

Definitely my favorite of the ramen restaurants in town.
Finally visited Ramen Sora for the first time. I went after work around 11:40am. Since I had just left work I felt like taking something home. I didn't want to take the Ramen home because wanted my Ramen experience to be in the Ramen Sora restaurant the next time around. So ordered the large pork chashu bowl and the Kurodoma Dango to go. The staff was very nice and my food didn't take long. When I got home to eat the pork chashu bowl was so good as well as the dango!! I really have to visit Ramen Sora again to try the ramen. I sort of kicked myself now for not staying in to try the ramen when I was there.
I must of caught them on a bad day or something?  I see everyone giving them a lot of stars, but I'm only giving 3 stars.  Basically there are four flavors, miso, shio, shoyu, and killer spicy.  I ordered  the miso ramen, the deluxe I think.  

The broth, was not salty, but wasn't as hot-temperature wise, too. The noodles are the thicker type noodles.  The deluxe has a slice of a boiled egg, three pieces of nori, 3 pieces of chashu, and green onions.  I found two small slices of bamboo so that was the only veggies I could dig up. I asked if they had other veggies and the waiter said they basically didn't have any.  Ok? At least get kimchee or bok Choy or sprouts, idk, something.  

Also ordered the gyoza. it's only three pieces, just your average gyoza.

It wasn't completely horrible, but perhaps not as impressive as the other reviewers made it to be.  I still plan to come back to give it another try.
I LOVED the spicy miso ramen here! Now I normally don't like eating Ramen at a restaurant, but the ramen here was delicious!

The broth is very flavorful and they also give a pretty decent amount of noodles. The pork was a little fatty, but thats ok.

My only complaint would be the wait! I think the restaurant could definitely make better use of the space and add more tables.
Food for thought, some say ramen is a derivative of the Chinese dish, laomien...remember most oriental ethnicities are distant descendants of China and the Japanese pronounces L's as R's...interesting huh?

Moving on, I dropped in this place when they first opened and later left since it was cash only at the time.

So I managed to return with the main squeeze since she recommended trying the place out, why not?

Do keep in mind that there is a small parking lot at the rear that can be tricky with people coming and going, so be careful when exiting to the street.

There was a 5 minute wait, which I told myself must be a good sign.  Once seated, we were sharing a large table with another group separated with a makeshift partition that was also a special menu.  Kinda like a science project board or something of the sort.

Anyhow, I read on Yelp that a lot of people enjoyed the Killer Spicy Ramen A.K.A. Screaming for Vengeance...so I had to give it a try, in shoyu broth.  Apparently they offer shio (salt), miso (fermented bean), and shoyu (soy sauce) broth...I wish they had kotteri.  In addition to that, my girl got the Deluxe Miso Ramen while I added a Curry Chashu Bowl, Gyoza and tall Kirin Ichiban draft beer.  What's puzzling to me is that if this type of ramen originated from Hokkaido, why isn't there Sapporo on tap?

It didn't take long for the food to come out and began nibbling on the Curry Chashu Bowl immediately.  Its yummy but was quick to notice that their chashu is doesn't melt in your mouth like it does at Monta.  It is, in fact, very similar to Fukimimi Ramen chashu, a little bit chewier but there is a grilled or smoked flavor that was received very well.

When the ramen arrived, like all soups, I like to take a second or two to taste the broth by itself before loading up any condiments or additives.  I was surprised to learn that the broth was not that spicy, given the name...it was more like whispering for vengeance.  I was praying that it was a creeper and would live up to its name, but unfortunately that never happened.  Thick ramen noodles were included versus Monta and Fukumimi, which is not a bad thing for me.  If I had to choose, ranking would be Monta, Ramen Sora, then Fukumimi, when it comes to ramen noodles alone.  I am not sure if it is handmade here either.

The ramen was pretty disappointing and tasted very much like a mad scientist concoction of instant ramen packets with a heavy dose of togarashi.  My girl was not very please with her "Deluxe" as well and we decided to get it over with and get our fill before heading over to the Ice Skating Yelp event at the Cosmo, thanks Misti Y. for the free tickets...well Darlene R. thanks you, she was the Elite member to receive them.

I left the place full and can admit that the only good thing in the ramen is the red fishy chili oil sauce used to garnish the bowl of ramen, other than that, probably will have to rank  this near the bottom of the pack in terms of ramen.  Some  katsuobushi, wakame or togarashi would be nice too.  I still want to come in for the butter corn ramen since it was my initial pick.  So lesson learned, go with your instinct Yelpers.  LOL.

Oh yeah, another thing, when it comes to ramen and pho, I came to notice a lot of people are very particular to certain flavors, so much of this is to each his/her own.  I like to do research on the whole culture to know what I am searching for in good ramen or pho.  Also, forgot to mention that those that like ramen may want to try Taiwanese and Chinese noodle soup as well...Wendy's Noodle Cafe & Yi Mei Champion Taiwanese Deli.
I had never been to Japan.... therefore I can't compare how they do it in Japan.  However, compare to what I had in LA area, I have to say.... This is the best ramen I had so far! 

I order shio soup base and it is just right, not salty or greasy.  The ramen is great, not over cooked.  The best is their chashu..... OMG, it is just PERFECT! (Yeah, I went there two days in the roll!). Even their curry is better then the curry house in LA (curry house is a little salty for my taste.) 

Only bad part about this place..... Service is a little slow.
Finally I've found a ramen that is actually spicy. I've been searching for so long and everybody claims this is spicy but it not. The label on the menu said try if you dare and I did and it was amazing. Spicy but not to spicy for me. This is a must try when you go here. The fried rice was also very yummy.
If you like spice and can handle HOT ontop of spicy.. you must order the killer spicey ramen w/ miso..it was very good!! i cant wait to go back and try the other ramen, and their curry.
Came back again for the deluxe Miso with extra nori and killer spicy meat. The charsiu wasn't as soft as it was the last time, but still hella good. Definitely my go to Ramen joint in Vegas.... yes, more so than Monta.
This review is based on SERVICE alone, or lack there of...

We came in with a large party of 10.  It is hard to get seated in smaller places like this, so that is why we shy'd away from Monta (which is even smaller) my favorite in town.  I knew it would be an issue beforehand, but we were willing to wait.

We were told 30min for our table....no problem.  Should be worth the wait, so we said we would wait outside, and wrote down our cell number on the list.  There were 10 of us...so we could not and would not just stand in front of the doorway, since others were also waiting for a table, and it was a huge congested area.  But that means we waited OUTSIDE in the cold....but still would rather do that, then be in eveyone's way with the 10 of us.

We came in 25min on the dot, 5min before the estimated time.  They said they gave our table away since they called our name, and no one answered.  We asked why they didn't stick their head out the door and ask for us...we asked why they didn't call the number we wrote on the board.  There were also other parties waiting outside, so I am sure they got skipped too.

They said it would be another 30min+ to get a table..since we would be put back on the bottom of the list.  I had to leave on principal alone.  Sucks because I really wanted to try this place...and was almost willing to wait an extra 30min, but the rest of my party had a sour taste after they did this to us.

Maybe I will come back when there is only 2-3 of us...but just be weary if you have to wait...stay inside because they won't call, and they won't yell your name outside.
"I've had my fair shares of so-so ramen. Sora ramen does not only have the best ramen but it gives honor to its origins Sapporo,Japan. Try the miso ramen with corn and butter its to die for!"
My absolute favorite ramen place in town the ultimate spicy is friggin awesome.
This is probably the best ramen I've ever had in my life, but don't take that too seriously as I've only eaten at a total of three ramen-ya in my life, not counting the 19-cent packages from the grocery store.  The first time I came here almost a year ago, it was forgettable. I don't remember liking it or hating it. But I tried it again a week ago and it was Fan-effin-tastic.  I was blown away.

My friend and I tried to go to Monta for lunch, but the line was crazy-long so we hurried over to Sora.  There was a line here as well, but not as long.  We waited 30 minutes and finally got seated.  I have to say, the servers and hostesses are impressive the way they turn the tables over.  They are quick and do not waste a single minute getting people in and out of there, and yet we never felt rushed.  

We both ordered the spicy ramen with shoyu broth. I added nigori and extra chashu.  The flavors were amazing.  I could not believe how much I loved this bowl of ramen.  I've alway been a huge fan of Monta but I'm afraid to say I will probably never go back to Monta after having eaten this bowl of delicious spicy ramen.
There is a small menu here so it'd easy to choose from. The most popular item was the spicy ramen so that's what we got. The noddles were really chew just how I like it but the broth was a little to salty. Also not good for big parties more than 5 because we had 11 and we had to split up and eat at different times
Oh how my opinions have changed. Over the past 6 months or so, I'm finding myself craving Sora over Monta. I must have had a bad bowl the first time I dined here because every bowl after that has been ramen perfection.

As always, I continue to order only the miso ramen. Shoyu just doesn't do it for me. The miso broth here is rich and flavorful. And that creaminess that I used to get at Monta is no more and has found itself in my bowl of Sora Ramen noodles. The noodles here are special too as they are thicker and chewier than those skinny, limp noodles elsewhere. If you generally prefer an al dente noodle, these will be right up your alley.

After living in Vegas my whole life, I've come to appreciate the fast life. And by fast life, I mean little to no wait-times. In the 24/7 city, things are done in the moment. And when you're stomach is about it eat itself after a long day of work, you want a quick bite to eat--not a 40-minute wait to eat 15 minutes worth of food. Sora has a relatively large, spacious dining room which allows them to serve more people in shorter time. Summation: Little to no wait times.

Location  |  Not that this should be a huge factor considering its only 1 block closer to the strip... But Sora is 1 block closer to the strip. If you're coming down Spring Mountain, a bowl of noodles at Sora is 2 minutes closer to you than Monta. Just saying.

Battle of the Ramen(s) has officially come to a close and I'm pleased to say Sora is #1.
Just like when I was in Japan. So delicious.
FINALLY got to Ramen Sora last week before we went down to the strip for a getaway.  

My one and only negative to mention is that they are so popular that even during off times, you'll likely have quite a wait.  We went midweek, well after lunch hours, and still had about a 30 min wait for 2 of us to be seated.  That won't stop me from going back, because I now understand COMPLETELY why people line up inside and outside!  :)

The food lived up to all the hype and I found myself craving it again within hours.  We started with gyoza and found them to be some of the best we've had.  I had the Miso Ramen and hubby had the Spicy Miso.  Both of us really loved the broth!  The noodles are amazing and the pork is spoon tender.  I was a bit unsure about the egg, but found that it added wonderful flavor.  Who woulda thunk?  The "regular" sized bowls are FILLING and way big enough for both hubby and I.  

The table service is super friendly and FAST!

All in all, if we didn't live so freakin' far away, we'd be there 3-4 times a week!  As it is, we're determined to be back at least 1-2 a month.  

Long live, Ramen Sora!!!
I love ramen. I just wanted to get that out there. This place is really good. I don't think I need to say much other than that. Although the two big names in ramen in Vegas is this place and Monta. I do tend to go to Monta more but I eat here more. The reason for that is Monta is always packed and I never have trouble getting seated in Ramen Sora.
For $7.50 it's a great value.  This is my first time here & I had the Miso ramen.  It was very salty and I had to ask for water to tone it down.  The ramen was nothing special but the pork slice included was tender and tastes good.
Delicious!

Simple menu selection, great flavors, good price, good location, and parking available.  

I was craving ramen in Vegas, so we decided to look it up on Yelp.  I'm glad that we found this place.  It'll be one of the restaurants I'd return to when I visit Vegas.  I had to come back a second time before I had to go back to Hawaii.
FOREVER WAIT! Waited 2hours just to get a bowl of ramen.. I'd rethink on going again. The taste is very authentic and it has decent amount of ramen inside the bowl.
3 words: Deluxe Sora Ramen (Miso)

It is everything you ever wanted in a Ramen bowl: creamy miso broth, thick slices of pork that is tender enough to break apart with your chopsticks, 1/2 an egg, green onion, and 3 pieces of seaweed.

As soon as I tasted the broth I was in Miso creamy broth heaven.  Taste was on point; not too salty, but salty enough for salty lovers like myself.  Pork melted in my mouth as I ate the 3 generous helpings, and the seaweed was a beautiful compliment to the bowl.  The noodles here are cooked the correct consistency, and not starchy to taste at all!  Loved every inch of my bowl!

I felt I needed more green in my meal so I ordered a side of perfectly salted Edamame.

So far, this place beats out super salty with over priced add-ins at Monta Ramen, and super bland and shady on the meat on super starchy noodles at Anime.
In comparison to the many Ramen joints I have had, this one definitely fell short.  The best I can say is it was still good for what it was.  I would not turn down a bowl here if I had no other choice.  I still enjoyed it for the most part.  

One positive is they do offer various flavored broths.  Secondly, they offer cheap ($2-3) mini rice bowls that you typically see at Ramen joints.  You can order that as a side item to compliment your slurping meal.  Third, there are various toppings like corn that you can add as an extra cost.

Usually when I try a place for the first time, I always attempt the classic flavors so that it serves as a basis for comparing to other places.  So I elected for the chashu bowl in shio style (salt).  Unlike my favorite places, the flavor was not as "popping."  When you eat Ramen, the broth has to shine.  I would say it was mediocre at best.  The noodles themselves was also different from what I'm use to.  A positive note however is the sliced chashu pork was pretty good!  

The mini rice bowls I got to try were the grilled pork and grilled pork with curry.  Both tasted very good and easily finishable if you are hungry.  

There was a wait for my group but it was not terrible.  The joint is kind of small.  The service was pretty friendly and attentive.  Also, they yell like real Japanese.  Arrigato Sora for a 3-star experience!
I had Ramen Sora for the first time last night and I was not impressed. We only came here because I wanted to taste it so I could compare it to all the other ramen joints and also because we figured it would have the least amount of wait time out of all ramen places.. 
We still had to wait about 20-30 minutes.. Even though there were tables available. 

We had an order of gyoza and the deluxe miso ramen & deluxe shio ramen.. 
The gyoza was not good to me it had a weird almost iodine taste to it.. 
The miso broth was nice.. very deep and creamy..way better than any other miso broth I've tasted.. also I did like the chashu.. very melt in your mouth good and they don't skimp out on it in their deluxe ramen..  I liked the chewy consistency of the noodles but personally, I am more of a fan of thinner noodles.. My ramen also had that same weird taste to it.. I think it was the taste of the menma.. So I must not like the taste of their bamboo... & The tamago didn't really have any seasoned taste to it..
The service was not good at all.. Our waitress never checked up on us.. She never even refilled my water. BOO!

So as of now Ramen Sora is at the bottom of my list~ Sorry SORA, My cousin's name is Sora, HAHA but you need to step up your game. ;ppp

If I come back here I will probably get the miso ramen with no menma & no tamago but with extra chashu and hopefully the service will be better~!!!
This is place has good ramen in yummy broth and a price that doesn't hurt the wallet lol.
 The side's you can order were tasty and small, perfect to have along with ramen. The seared cha-su was really good!
Came here on the weekend, with a  big group of friends, no probelm getting a table a 6:00.Things picked up after 6:30, it got really busy! Its a small but cozy spot, parking is small and a little tight.
This place is yummy! I always order Miso Ramen and extra Chasu! Service is great and the atmosphere is really nice too.
best ramen i've had. i always order their chasu miso ramen, but have also tried the extra spicy and deluxe. i have only tried their miso broth because its so good.  the miso broth is very flavorful and comes out hot, their pork is thick cut and break apart in ur chopstick tender and the noodles are delicious, a great texture. definitely a regular here. better than monta, anime ramen, or anywhere i've eaten in the bay area, hawaii, etc. nothing can compare! Im sitting at home craving it right now but can't have it yet because they're not open for another 4 hours!
Not too many choices of ramen out in city of sin.  But this one is definitely a good one.  I got the miso ramen.  Chashu was delicious and the base wasn't too salty.  One of my favorite things about this place is that serve Suntory High Balls.  What's a Suntory High Ball?  It's a whiskey mixed drink in a can.  I drank this non stop in Japan during my last visit.  Refreshing yet inebriating at the same time.  I have not seen this drink anywhere else in LA or in Vegas.  

The service was good.  The servers were really nice and might I add... very pretty
PORK BELLY RAMEN! I get the DELUXE SORA RAMEN with SHIO broth. It has everything you want in it, pork belly, egg, seaweed, bamboo! 
I am PICKY about my pork belly ramen because no place can compare to a ramen shop from back home... but Ramen Sora is GOOD. I would definitely come back here to meet my pork belly ramen needs!
Ramen is all the rage, and new Ramen-only restaurants seem to be popping up every month now in Vegas. Ramen Sora is the benchmark of this resurgence of Ramen. It is no longer just the dry brick of fried noodles you try to cram into your hotel room coffee maker.

I'll just go ahead and say it: Monta Ramen is salty. I never finish their broth, and I feel like I need to eat their noodles just to counter the salt and the odd viscosity of their soup base (too thick). Just like Pho Kim Long, Monta Ramen is the celebrity chef/critic favorite for what seems to be no valid reason. Maybe they pay their PR agencies the best - I don't know. It's 'cool' to like Monta Ramen. Well that sucks, because Ramen Sora is King. And Monta Ramen is that mean Prince who tries to trick the good Prince but ends up dying in the end trying to do so, and the crowd cheers!

At Ramen Sora I get the Nori Miso Ramen every time (w/Large Size upgrade for +$1.) There are times when I polish off 2/3rds of the broth before slurping a single noodle. It's that good. The noodles are great, but the broth is the star. Red stars unite, we have a clear Ramen winner in this town.
I know everyone has there favorite ramen spot in vegas (we only have like 3-4 to choose from...LOL!), but I think Ramen Sora is the best in Vegas.  I think the broth is perfectly flavored, noodles are nice and a little chewy, and the pork and veggies are great.  The best thing for me is that the soup comes out piping hot.  I know everyone has there own opinion, but Ramen Sora is my spot for ramen in Vegas.
this place serves VERY Flavorful Ramen. The menu is very simple. the staff is very nice. The Char Siu is the BEST! i think its the BEST Ramen in town.
I've been eating a lot of ramen these days and Ramen Sora is just one of the places that I happened to check out. I've been there twice so far, but this review is a reflection of my most recent visit.

We arrived on a Sunday evening and the restaurant was not full at all.  There were plenty of empty and cleared tables available.  However, they insisted that we write our name down and wait.  A few more parties arrived after us and they were also instructed to write their name down on the growing list.  (Hmmm...why can't they just seat us?  Don't they see that we have a toddler in hand who is attempting to touch all the business cards and paper junk they have at the front register while we wait?  We could entertain him a lot better if we were seated!)  I could only assume it's because they are understaffed.  Are they hiring?  If not, they should be.

When we were finally seated, putting our order in takes a good while too.  Be prepared to wait!  But when you do get your order in, it comes out super fast!  So, that's definitely a plus!

We ordered the Nori Ramen - Miso ($8.50) and the Butter Corn Ramen - Shio ($9.00) and upgraded the latter to the larger size ($1.00).  We thought the ramen was fine, although the Husband preferred the broth at another ramen joint we had just visited the day before out of state.

On our first visit, we also tried the Mini Pork Chashu Bowl ($2.85).  It's a cute little tiny bowl that is very kid-size friendly or an add-on to your ramen bowl.

3.5 stars
We love to eat ramen here!
I'm no Ramen pro by any means.  In fact, I've only had Ramen a handful of times elsewhere and was told that real Ramen is only found in Chinatown.  So, here we go. 

I originally thought that I haven't been here before.  It wasn't until I looked at their menu and used their restroom that I realized I have been here before.  My previous experience was before I started Yelping and don't remember anything negative.  So, I will consider this my first visit.  

Met here with a couple of Yelp friends (Terri R. Chad S. and Nelson S.). Also met up with some new friends that Terri R. originally invited here.  My first thought before I dive into my Ramen taste test...I better ask a pro.  So naturally, I seeked out the advice from fellow Yelper Tetsuro P.  Tetsuro didn't hesitate and was willing to give me suggestions.  He, along with another Yelper Angela T, suggested that I stick with just their Miso and avoid their Shoyu and Shio.  I took his suggestions and I wasn't disappointed. I ended up ordering a large Ramen Miso (minus the meat), added seaweed, and two extra eggs. Only reason for the extra eggs was to compensate for the meat/protein that I had taken out.  I got their large and even though it was ginormous, I was still able to finish it because it was so good.  The Ramen itself went down smooth and also had a soft or creamy texture to it. I think this may be due to the miso broth. I didn't need to add anything else to my Ramen because I felt that it tasted good as is.  

Service at this joint was at point.  There was a total of 7 of us and we all came in different times.  Because of this, our orders were not taken until all of us were present.  Overall, I think 4 stars is fair only because I really don't have anyone to compare to.  After my Yelp Check In, a gang of other Yelpers gave me suggestions on what to order and where else I should go.  I thank you all, especially to Tetsuro P. for his detailed suggestions.
My friend and I often have a restaurant-off, where we'll pick a type of food and whoever finds the better restaurant wins.

Our latest challenge was Ramen, and I'm happy to report that I won with the help of Ramen Sora. He said it couldn't be done. He said there is no better Ramen in Las Vegas than Monta Ramen. I proved him wrong.

This place is fantastic. There are no words to describe how perfect the ramen is, every time. The noodles are not too firm, not too soft. The broth is expertly prepared to just the right flavor. The meat is so tender, it falls apart with a gentle tug of your chopsticks. Who could ask for anything more?

The service here is also top notch. Your soup comes out fast and just how you order it, every time. The servers are friendly and happy to explain the different types of Ramen to you if you're a first timer. I told my server I like spicy, but don't like ground meat (which is what makes their spicy Ramen bowl spicy). My bowl came out with a side of chili sauce so I could flavor it to my liking.

The only downside is this place is so good, it can get crowded fast. But, it's worth the wait for the yummy yummy Ramen.
First visit, I ordered the regular shio ramen, and my friend the spicy miso ramen. Mine was pretty good, but I honestly liked the spicy ramen better, since I like the kick to it. 

Second visit, I ordered the spicy killer ramen out of curiosity. I have very high tolerance for spicy food, and this gave me a nice challenge. I finally finished all the noodles with like 5 cups of water, but the leftover soup was too good to go to waste, so I took it home and ate it with rice. It was that good.

I really wish that they have something in between the killer and regular spicy ramen though, the middle would give the best flavor. 

I would definitely come back when I get a chance to.
Well not my favorite ramen place in china town. But I have to say it was nice and not as crowded as some ramen places. So the atmosphere was more Japanese dining with a ethnic flavor to the place. I did enjoy the staff and atmosphere but the ramen did lack something I couldn't put my finger on.  So the ramen is sub par but if you dont mind a little lacking of flavor and no lines this is the place for you.
Ok so i have been to: shuseki, Monta Ramen, Anime Ramen, Ichiza, Oronchu ramen in LA another place deemed the best in San Diego none of them even come close to this place. Their ramen is hands down the best for me, everyone that I have brought there has always left saying the same thing, I just hope they don't get busier because of this awesome post :) i love it there. This is my configuration there: Large Miso Menma ramen with bean sprouts and curry in the bowl, you will love this configuration. Also need to have a large Kirin beer there nom nom nom....
Excellent Ramen, much more enjoyable than Monta.  

Friendly staff, fast service.  Broth was richer and tastier than Monta while being less salty, and the squarish (cross-section) curly noodles I found much better than the round, straight noodles at Monta.

I am a ramen enthusiast...my ramen quest has taken me all over the SF Bay area and every city I visit, and this would easily make it into the top 10. Maybe even top 5.  Not quite at the same level as Ramen Dojo (San Mateo) or Orenchi (Santa Clara) but much better than I expected to find in Vegas.

Kudos Sora!
Perfect authentic japanese ramen place a little ways off the strip. Service is relatively quick, but the place tends to get busy. You know a place is good and worth it if the locals are eating there. I will be back again very soon!

I ordered the miso ramen which was a good portion size.

The only negatives were probably the gyoza and the fried rice. Not bad, but nothing spectacular. I expected a bit more from them, as it is a small Ma and Pa restaurant.
This is by far best ramen I have had in Vegas! My favorite on the menu would have to be the Chashu Ramen with corn in Miso base soup. The texture of the noodle is just right, not to soft or hard. The slices of pork do not have a huge chunk of fat on them which is more appetizing to the eye. As for the soup, it isn't oily or have some fat floating (due to the slices of the pork) in it like some other places have it in town.
The menu isn't that big, but they have different items to fulfill everyone's craving. If you want normal favored miso to extreme spicy, they got it!  The pricing for the items on the menu are also pretty reasonable.
I would recommend this place to anyone that wants a great bowl of ramen!
Ok, so I know my first review was harsh...but I was mad at the time.  Maybe I should remove it...but maybe not. Anyways...

Finally got around to giving Sora another try!  We had a much smaller party, and came during the day, so getting an immediate table was easy.  (This was my issue last time around).

Started off with some pork on rice :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#VkgcZaYqSkhBws2i-R_dnA

And then ordered their Deluxe Sora Ramen at a $10 price tag...it was a little spendy, but there was a large portion sitting in front of me, and lots of pork and goodies inside.  It was very good...noodles a little thicker and broth a little saltier, but good nonetheless.  Probably my second favorite in town so far :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#7kcOrxTs-DRWz0CllfQHDw

Also ordered the EXTRA spicy ramen....and it was HOT!  They don't hold back...it was delicious, but it was spicy!

It is really hard to compare ramen vs ramen since they have different ways of creating the magic inside your bowl, but since it is essentially similar overall, this is my 2nd favorite of the "big three" in town.

I'll be back!  /Arnold Schwarzenegger
This was good stuff. I must say I am a bigger Pho fan than Ramen but this was excellent. I had the spicy Miso and it was memorable. I love overall flavor and it was perfect for lunch. I will try some others and see hwo they are as well! I will be back!!
Monta has this place beat. I tried the Menma Ramen (bamboo shoots) with the shoyu broth. For starters, the broth is super salty. My brother had the spicy ramen and the salt level on that was much more tolerable. We both agreed that the noodles left much to be desired as they reminded me of Hawaiian saimin. Also, the waitresses there were unfriendly and unhelpful. I'd rather stand in line at Monta than go here again ...
I bounce back and forth between a few different ramen places for...well...the difference in ramen.  We have a couple of choices here, and I re discovered Ramen Sora by default because of the wait at Monta and a rather hungry and impatient friend. Glad we did. 

Noodles were cooked perfectly, not as salty, more options, and the spicy miso is something that I think Will become one of those dishes you sit at home about craving. 

The place itself is... Well needs a spacial designer.  It's a horrible set up with not enough tables and a lot of open space. It's super irritating to wait when there is enough room to put in at least another 6-8 tables.  Once seated its all worth it.
very good ramen. Old school spot on Spring Mountain Road in Chinatown. Had the Chashu Ramen: great broth, three bid pieces of chashu literally fell apart. Original ramen recipe. All in all, and great place for ramen. Only downside is that it is a small space. Was there on a sunday afternoon; so it wasn't crowded. But I imagine that dinnertime might involve a wait. But it will be worth it.
Pretty much everyone knows how I feel about Ramen Sora. If you don't, I'll put it simply. This is my absolute favorite restaurant in town. To the point of obsession. 
I've tasted the shoyu broth, and it's really good, but my favorite thing here is the Screaming for Vengeance Killer Spicy Miso Ramen. It comes with a slice of chasu, half an egg, and bamboo shoots. There are other options, such as upgrading the size of your bowl, or adding more broth/noodles. I always add more broth. It's just that good. 

The Chasu rice bowl and chasu curry bowl are also really good. When my boyfriend gets sick and tired of being dragged here this is what he gets. He also likes the gyoza, but I find that only ok. It's a little too greasy to me. Also, they have Kirin Ichiban on tap now. 

The service here is really good, but I'll warn you. If it's slow, they'll bring you your food, and check up on you once or twice, but after that, forget about it. You're going to have to get their attention, otherwise you're going to be sitting there awhile. 

Note: During peak times the wait can be up to an hour. DO NOT go outside while waiting and think they're coming to get you. They're going to move right along to the next group. If you don't want to wait, get it to go. They're really good about packing the ramen and toppings separately from your broth, and they wrap the broth cup in plastic wrap to ensure it doesn't dump all over your car.
My wife(who is Okinawan) had been researching Ramen places all day, and after thorough research and deliberation, we chose to go here. Not a bad choice at all. We got here at 10:33, and the let us in even though the last order is at 10:30. Not a big deal for us Americans, but the Japanese tend to be very punctual and not flexible(my observations during the 6 years I lived and worked there), so I was grateful and glad that they sat us. We ordered(deluxe Ramen for me, negi shio for the wife, and a deluxe to go for my mom who wanted a taste since she was keeping the little one during this excursion) and the food came quickly. It was delicious. Thick, juicy, flavorful slices of pork, delicious broth( not as creamy as some of the other reviews talk about), and plenty of food. The wife enjoyed hers as well. I really liked how they prepared our to go order. The broth was in one container, the noodles, meat, etc were in another, and the seaweed was wrapped separately on top of both containers. Total for all this came to $30, and it was well worth it. It is still slightly below our favorite place in L.A., but I liked here and would come here again. Though I haven't had Ramen anywhere else in Vegas, I don't think you could go wrong eating here. Try it!
A must stop if you love ramen. You can choose your soup base, add extra toppings, and spice it up.  Stop searching, and stop on by.
My favorite place of 2 others that I have tried.  My daughter loves their rice and is always looking forward to going here.  The service is good but they need to get some sprite lol.  I always go and order that and forget that they don't have that.

I tried their Screaming for Vengeance ramen and it was very very spicy!!!!  I had to order a different one.  I'll stick to their spicy ramen!
We had a great time at Ramen Sora. I never had chef made ramen and it was a great treat. I got the deluxe and loved the seaweed it made it taste like fish. We had the small pork dish as well, which was nutty flavored. Everyone in the group was surprised at how good it was. Dishes came out fast and I even liked the house Sake.  I would go there again who knew there was a chinatown in Vegas!  I know want more.
This was my second time trying ramen, my first time at Monta left me not desiring to try ramen again, but my friends Liza B & Julie T told me they preferred this place to Monta, so I gave it a shot. It was pretty busy when we arrived, we waited about 20 minutes, but it gave us time to look over the menu. We were seated and our waiter promptly took our drink orders, bummed they only have canned soda, I prefer fountain, and I love a good crisp Coke when I'm eating spicy food. I had to ration myself because I knew I could drink more than one can and I wasn't paying for each can! My friend got the killer spicy and I had the miso. We shared so we could try each one, I couldn't decide which one I liked better. Their gyoza is really good too.
I go through Ramen-loving periods in my life...often in the winter.  More recently I have been on a hiatus however because I had some incredible Ramen in So-Cal a while back.  That hiatus came to a crashing end when I finally followed the advice of Yuhi K. and Ashley S. and gave Ramen Sora a try.

I had the Miso Ramen, but also tried my sister's Shoyu.  They were both good, but the Miso is definitely where it's at!  They are also super easy and economical to customize...large size, extra meat, seaweed sheets...etc.

I also recommend the mini chashu...nice grilled flavors with a solid sweet soy glaze! 

I wish they were open late...I would love to stop in after a night on the town.  There is also not a lot of seating, so peak times can bring a wait with them.
I'm not a huge fan of Ramen Sora's interior, which is far too dark and spacious for a ramen-ya, and their staff is a bit too lukewarm for the sitdown restaurant look. I don't like the vibe here; if you're looking for the energetic, late-night bustle, you'll find happier places with happier people. 

What I do like is the miso ramen, though.
Ramen Sora is Sapporo-style.
Sapporo-style is Miso Ramen.
MISO RAMEN!!
That is all.

(No, really. When all you care about is getting a glorious bowl of miso ramen, just order it from Ramen Sora, super-size. 

Skip the chashu. It's unimpressive, and pops up awkwardly in between mouthfuls of miso. Don't suffer the distraction.

Gyoza's good. Get the gyoza. Get two orders. 
Oh, and don't forget the green onion and seaweed.)

Closer to a 3.5, but rounding up because best miso ramen.
Well, where do I start? I can't say enough about this place. I have been to a couple of other Ramen places here in Vegas, which were HIGHLY recommended to us by our friends and we found them to be eh, average (so my response to that was..what was all the hype about guys?...waited in a long ass line for this?!?) And, by far Ramen Sora blows them out of the water (my opinion). My husband and I frequent this place often (sometimes date nights) along with our kids (and, will make the extra trip to bring out - of - town guests to this establishment, just so we can have an excuse to go).

We always order the Miso Ramen with curry and bean sprouts (Why fix what's not broken?)The consistency of curry makes the broth just right! Hearty and slightly thick. Just talking about this dish is making my mouth salivate. You can never go wrong with this dish! I wish I could eat ten bowls!!  So, give your other Ramen places a break and give Ramen Sora a try. You will not find fancy decor or anything flashy. You are here to eat not to gawk at patterns of wallpaper on the wall. They have a great staff - very friendly. And, the prices are reasonable.
VEGETARIAN Perspective**

So upon seeing a very cool show called "Recycled Percussion" my friend Alida (shout out) and I decided to get some grub. 
It was her pick; so 'tis ALL her fault! ....haha, kidding.

PROs:

Great parking space
Easy to find directionally
Friendly service
Cheap (I'll take quality over price any day)
Beautiful ambiance
Seat yourself vibe with casual attire
etc...

NEG:

...has to do with showing up with an empty stomach (but open mind) and thinking, "It's Ramen. I LOVE ramen. NOT a vegan so there's bound to be something".... Alida was kind enough to initiate the question of, "What do you have for veg's? Response- "NOTHING! nothing for vegetarian"

I do highly appreciate that the waitress knew her menu and communicated that to me honestly. Upon an awkward "Shall we leave...?" look, she offered to have a dish of fried rice + egg NO pork custom made and it was *delicious*... just sucked being hungry. 


BUT HEY, it was a good meal, reasonably priced, Alida enjoyed her dish AND she is not allowed to choose the next restaurant ;-) HA!
Very good ramen shop. Well worth the drive and the wait!
Oh Judas Priest........Screaming for Vengeance is spicy and so full of flavor, its amazing......love it, thanks to my wife EvaB for turning me on to this place.....thanks boo.
This was the first time we have had ramen so we were fortunate to have a waiter who walked us through the various options. My wife chose shoyu ramen which had a slightly funky taste (too much fish sauce?) while I opted for chasu miso ramen.  The pork was melt in your mouth good and the noodles were chewy, but neither of us are likely to order ramen again.  ($20.84, 2 Forks)
Take this with a grain a salt because I am very picky about my ramen. I ordered the Spicy Shio Ramen. The noodles were a good consistency, nice texture and everything. The only thing I felt had an issue was the Shio broth, yes I know Shio means salt and that is a very bland broth but it wasn't very flavorful to me. There wasn't much depth to it even with the spicy sauce it had. The hubby liked the Shoyu Ramen though so I can't say it was all bad. Just wish the Shio broth had more oomph to it.
Since I am a "total noob" when it comes to ramen, per Misty Y.'s review I ordered the Nori Ramen in Miso broth. This broth is super flavorful and salty, I mean really really salty and flavorful. If you are totally crazy about eating salty food, you'll love this. The dish comes with half an egg, chopped green onion, strips of bamboo shoots and some form of meat which I wasn't able to identify but I assume it may be pork. 

It is a very hearty soup with oily soft noodle in an oily meaty broth. Although it isn't something I'd want to eat regularly due to the high calories including the high fat and cholesterol content, I'd imagine many people would love this dish and obviously this place. It is decorated in a modern Asian style with nice lighting, a nice ambience and a spacious interior. 

For fans of ramen, this is a five star rating kind of place. For someone like me, I will pass on ramen noodles.
Authentic Japanese ramen house.  Ended up getting the spicy ramen, and its NO JOKE.  I didn't get the insanely hot one though, because anytime I've tried super hot, it has NO FLAVOR.  It was not the case here.  My broth was spicy and delicious.  The pork cutlet included in the ramen was soft and delicious.  Will come again and again!
On my recent trip to Vegas for a bachelorette party, we visited Ramen Sora as soon as it opened at 11:30am on Saturday morning.  We had checked out of our hotel room and had a few hours to spare before most of the girls boarded our plane home.  We arrived about 10 minutes before Sora opened, so there was definitely no line and we were the first group seated.  The rest of our crew arrived about 20 minutes later (11 total).  The place filled up fast by noon time so I'm glad we were able to get our big party seated before the rush.

After reading reviews of Monta vs. Sora, I assumed Monta ramen would be better.  Imagine my surprise when Sora ramen knocked it out of the park. The broth is quite flavorful almost too intensely salted.  The menu mentioned the capability to dilute the flavor with more broth if needed.  The noodles were my favorite - fresh, chewy consistency that was absolutely delish.  That's how real RAMEN noodles should taste! Go with the Delux to try a bit of everything.  I loved the thick broth and variety of toppings. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely make a pit stop here again.
Pretty decent but the noodles itself is the best kind I've had!
Good soup. Good chashio. 
Fried rice was so so. Yet, nothing that an iced cold beer cannot fix!!
CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: 
     It boils down to personal preference. Sapporo peeps will love Ramen Sora for its chewy noodles and its seasoned miso broth.  And though this goes against the general tide, I'd have to say I am a Kyushu or Kurume sistah.  
 
THE MEAT: 
    There are a couple of popular types of Japanese Ramen named after their region/city of origin, 2 of which are now big players in the Vegas scene - Kyushu, or more specifically Kurume ramen (served in Monta Ramen) and Sapporo (served in Ramen Sora).  There are differences in the preparation and quality of broth and noodles, but both places offer the same general toppings - thin slices of roasted pork, egg, green onion, corn and bamboo shoots or wood ear mushroom.
     I can't give a review of Ramen Sora without comparing it to Monta Ramen, which was my first love.  The noodles are curly and chewier, and although I liked the soft thin strands of Monta, I enjoyed the bite of Sora very much.  The Sora miso broth is generously seasoned, and I believe the red specks are Togarashi, red pepper flakes that are available on your table - it has a very distinct flavor, somewhat smoky and a tad tangy.  The Sora broth was more complex, and maybe I'll like it more once I am accustomed to it.  
     For now, the foodie prude in me misses the conservative broth in Monta, rich in meat and egg flavors... and though the broth may get cloying, I love the no fuss straight up lard goodness. All in all, both ramens rock, and will cure any hangover and hit your spot. 

I'M STILL DIGESTING...
     How some folks expect a toddler to go out of their way instead of them accommodating a 2 year old.  Which do you think is the easier task?

WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)
Miso Ramen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA
Mini Chashu Pork Bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#iW3taw4-XhN5FeYhhmUzaA
Gyoza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#v0v__nlCEH8S44oSjZFBXA
Wow!  I now know what all the rave is about ramen.  I didn't want go, because 1) I don't eat noodles 2) I though it would taste only a notch above those packaged ramen noodles that cost 25 cents a pack, so why would I pay about $10 bucks for the same thing?  I came here because I had a pushy guest from NJ that wanted ramen he had in LA.  So I selected Sora based on Yelp reviews and my husband once got ramen at Monta and it wasn't good beside they were shut down once for health violations.

Service was a little choppy, but all 4 of us were annoying "newbies" with several questions regarding our dietary issues (no red meat, shellfish allergy, low carb). So I understand since she was the waitress and also the cashier and the only one working the front. Anyway, the waitress would stop taking our order to serve other people and come back and continue with our order.  I was very pleased that I was able to order my shio deluxe ramen with the noodles on the side.  

All of us loved our ramen choices.  The shio broth was so rich, simple, and comforting.  The noodles looked good and fresh, my guests ate all my noodles, in addition to theirs. So I I take it, the noodles were good. The sliced pork was tender and with the perfect amount of fat that just melts in your mouth.  I've been craving this, ever since I had it.....MUST. GO. BACK.FOR. SOME. MORE!
Las Vegas residents should feel privileged that in our town we have the very best Ramen-Yas in America. I grew up in the largest Japanese Districts of Los Angeles county where the so called "best ramen" comes from. Nothing in Little Osaka or Little Tokyo can compare to the Ramen we got here in Las Vegas. Back in LA, all we had were Hakata Ramen-Yas. There were literally a thousand of them. We had two Tokyo Ramen-Yas(Koraku and Chin-Ma-Ya), and one gigantically overrated Sapporo Ramen-Ya named Santouka. Here in LV, we don't got a Santouka but we got something that is a million times better, RAMEN SORA! 

We all know by now that the 3 Major Ramen Variations are: Sapporo(MISO), Hakata(TONKOTSU), and Tokyo(SHOYU). Here in Vegas our Ramen scene does not follow that generic formula. The scene is dominated by an extremely rare Osaka Ramen-Ya(Fukumimi), and a unique Kyushu variation from Kurume(Monta). The only traditional Ramen-Ya we have is a Sapporo one, which of course is SORA RAMEN. For decades, SORA has been a very popular ramen-ya in Japan. Yoshi-San, who owns and operates many of the better Japanese restaurants in town, decided to make a deal with the owners of the original SORA and acquire the rights to the secret recipe. Thanks to the great Yoshi-San, the most popular Miso Ramen recipe has finally come to America. And to make things better, it came to Las Vegas! Thank again Yoshi.

I wanna give credit to Ian, for always providing excellent service to us. Ian has incredible ramen knowledge.. maybe even more than me. 

For the longest time, SORA was the only Ramen-Ya in Las Vegas that served Shio Ramen(recently Koraku came to town). But, nobody cared because the only people who eat Shio ramen are geriatric Japanese people who bitch about how Miso isn't supposed to be in ramen(My Dad). But, in all seriousness, there is actually a reason why many Sapporo/Hokkaido Ramen-Yas serve Shio. A while ago I was talking with a local Japanese hero at Sushi on Rainbow, who told me that there is a port city in Hokkaido that is world famous for their unique version of Shio ramen. And today many Sapporo Ramen-Yas will present a "knock-off" version of this unique recipe. We always assume Hokkaido Ramen is Miso, but I guess that's not entirely true.  So don't feel embarrassed to order Shio at a Miso ramen restaurant, you are still being true to protocol. 

Curley noodles! Miso Ramen is supposed to have curly and thick noodles. SORA is the only ramen-ya I have been to that gets this right. Santouka has straight noodles even though they claim they are Sapporo. Monta, recently decided to get their act together and began serving "curly" noodles with their miso. I appreciate their attempt to be more authentic to the Sapporo style, but Monta's noodles are way to thin for Miso. 

The Killer Spicy Miso Ramen is what I usually get here. Out of the 10 times I have ordered it, there were 2 times when I couldn't finish it. When you order this, you need a lot of water refills and extra napkins. The spices make you sweat profusely. When Ian is working, he will remember that you are taking on the Killer Spicy challenge and will come around often to refill your water. The other servers unfortunately don't, making the experience more difficult. 

People in Los Angeles think they know what good or "authentic" Miso Ramen is. In reality, they have no clue. We here in Las Vegas have the very best Miso Ramen-Ya in America. In the past, all the big name restaurants in Japan decided to open up their American locations in LA, so it was really awesome to finally get one here in Las Vegas for a change. We got lucky this time... and yeah, f*ck you Los Angeles!
Traditional Japanese setting with modern day pop music playing. Medium-sized space. Ordered deluxe sora ramen. Broth was good. Pork was lean and moist at the same time. You also get more meat than at other places. Better than what I have found in West LA. Really huge portion. I had to kill myself to finish it.
A bit salty for my taste. The curly noodles are a bit thick, but I liked the chewiness.  

Service was friendly and attentive as we visited after the lunch crowd.

I prefer the ramen at the Sawtelle district in Los Angeles J-town.
I genuinely like Ramen Sora for how rich their broth is. It has a robust flavor that is unlike any other place in Vegas. It can be overpowering, but I found that it was just complex and hearty.

I had started with the small bowl of charshu curry. I will be the first to admit that I have had my fair share of bad curry, especially of the Japanese variety, and have develop a phobia about trying it again. I got so many shocked reactions due to my declaration against it that I had to try it again. It was actually very good. I like their pickled radish here. It is slightly sweet and paired well with the curry. A few days later, I made a curry for a potluck and I might not dislike the Japanese version as much as I initially thought. I was still ravenous and ordered a bowl of the menma ramen as well. I am a huge fan of bamboo. It can be fresh, cured, or dried. If it is an option, I am ordering it. Especially if it is the main component of the dish. I ended up stealing all of my friends, too. Sora offers a solid bowl of soup.
I love Ramen Sora's super spicy ramen! The broth is exactly what I love. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It gets a little overwhelming once the end of the bowl is near but it's so worth it. Ramen is all about the broth and this one takes the cake for me. The waits are definitely not as bad as Monta either and I prefer it more.
Really gross and fatty foods. The service is also very poor. There is no vegetarian option. This was not worth the price. It was pretty expensive for the quality of food compared to Monta, Ichiza, and Shiseki. They did not operate like a tradition Japanese restaurant with spectacular service, on the contrary it felt like I was in a Chinese restaurant with really bad, penny pinching service.
I'm a fan.  The chashu pork slices are thicker and leaner than Monta.  What wins my heart is their Ultimate Spicy Vengence Ramen.  Spicy, garlicky, spicy ground pork all in the mix...however your stomach will be on fire afterwards...
The broth at Ramen Sora definitely has a kick. You would either like for its intensity or you don't. It is so rich it will slam in your face! Personally, I do not like broth that intense so It is not my preferred choice but I am sure somebody would appreciate it. 
_Sora Delux - $10 - Thick cut of meat. I like. I got the Miso flavor and found it to be too salty for my taste. Egg was cold. I wish it was a little less done. 
-Screaming for Vengeance - This was VERY SPICY!!! I warned you. My bf had this and he was in and out of the bathroom for a day!!! He did enjoy it though. I liked it too but did not have the courage to eat more than couple spoon. 
I prefer Monta over Sora for its simplicity and balance. Sora was too rich and salty.
Even though there's a wait, it won't take very long to get through with it. This is definitely a place that specializes in ramen and you can tell. The noodles are just chewy enough, just ripe enough, and just long enough to leave your mouth watering for more. 

Went with the deluxe ramen and did not leave disappointed. The pork inside the broth was amazing. For the people that enjoy the runny yolk with the egg white, this is the place to go.

And with that, can someone please explain why they advertise serving sprite....like 3 times around the restaurant?!?
Food was very good. Service was very nice. Always refill my drink. Overall much better than monta and anime ramen
Excellent ramen...great flavor, not as salty as Monta ramen. I particularly love the thicker ramen noodles cooked to al dente. The killer spicy miso ramen is delicious and super spicy! Water was always filled and filled about 4 times...place is small, but service is great. Highly recommended
Nothing vegetarian.  Unless you want Edamame for a meal.
I really wanted to like this place - convenient location by the strip, friendly and fast service, fair pricing/serving sizes. But, for us, the miso ramen was just too oily, the ramen noodles were a bit rubbery, and the chashu had way too much fat for our liking. I'm usually not picky with my food, especially if it's ramen or any type of noodles/soup... But I forced myself to finish at least 3/4 of the bowl, just 'cause I hate wasting food. My fiance didn't finish his bowl either, and he eats everything and anything, so that's saying a lot, lol.

Granted, we did not try any other items from the menu besides the miso ramen, so if we feel optimistic we may come back to try the other dishes. But for now, we'll stick with Shoku Ramen-ya for our ramen cravings.
Perfect ramen spot, wish I had one back home.
Yummy place to eat.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful, and had no problems giving extra help on our 1st visit.  This is definiately on my list for places to frequent each trip to Vegas.
Not the best ramen I've had, but its still pretty good. The prices are comparable to any other ramen place.Would recommend!
Delicious....Just tried today....Mochi ice cream  pricy @ $2.50 for 2 pieces split in half....mango only but did not ask if other flavors had. Definite returning customer...
It's so hot in here-- (-_-), But I love the Miso Ramen. They often have a wait, but if you can beat the rush it's a great place to grab a bowl! 
I like that the size portion is a good size, I feel that it's gotten smaller over the year, but it might just be my Stomach! lol, it's always super hungry, and by the time we get a table, it's ON like Donkey Kong!
My friends brought me to this place, and it's delicious. I normally go to Monta Ramen, it is still questionable if one was better than the other, i'd say it depends on what your taste buds are looking for. Sora provides spicy and flavorful broths. You can order broth bases such as Miso or Shoyu, and they have a wide selection of extra ingredients you can add. I must say, I love their gyoza! Cooked perfectly; crispy at the bottom, where it's been pan fried, and moist and juicy everywhere else. 

I ordered my miso ramen with cold draft kirin. Best combo ever!
Ive tried a few of the ramen places in Las vegas and so far this place is my favorite! Manta Ramen is also pretty good but I would say that Ramen Sora is my overall fave!
Good place for ramen, and my girlfriend really loves it. However, their menma really bothers me more than it does at other places (I always ask for it on the side, whenever its served with my ramen and soup, it makes the whole thing taste bad) Aside from the menma, the broth and chashu our nice and I don't really find anything wrong with the noodles. Service is nice and the food comes out really fast, but we don't really eat there during busy hours. 

What we usually eat:
Chashu Ramen (Miso or Shoyu)
Killer Spicy Ramen (Miso)

My only gripes are with how they serve drinks aside from water. They give you cans and bottles instead of having a soft drink dispenser. Also, no tonkotsu broth, which is my favorite type of broth.
So I went to Monta and the next day I came here and it was so good, I was inspired to do something I normally don't do, which is a real review. I'm no food critic, but I know what pleases me. I got the Screaming Vengeance and was pleasantly surprised with the heat and flavor. The broth was thick and flavorful and the noodles were thick and absorbed the flavor well. If you're going to drink, get the pitcher. More bang for your buck. Right now this is my go to ramen spot in Vegas, but I'm currently on a quest to try them all in the Southwest side of town until I find the best.
Decent Ramen especially the price. Normally at other Ramen places, it's about $10-$15 for a bowl of Ramen. You can get a bowl of decent Ramen with meat, bamboo shoots for about $8-$10.  I tried the spicy groudnd pork, their special soup, with bamboo shoots, green onions, and bean sprouts. Their special soup was good, not too salty. And their noodles was I think very good. It's not the typical Ramen noodles that looks/taste like packaged ones.
I tried this place when I searched YELP for ramen in Las Vegas.  I wouldn't have tried the butter corn ramen if it wasn't for the reviews, glad I did. very tasty, I drank all the broth.  Ramen cooked to perfection.
Best Ramen in LV that i've tasted so far. Love their Spicy Miso Ramen. Just the right flavor and spice. Friendly staff, I would def recommend my friends and family to this restaurant.
I ordered the vengeful ramen.. Oops it should have come with a warning "do not get on a vehicle that has a bad bathroom for the next 18 hours". It's a double burner... Burned on the way in and burning on the way out..  That being said it was the best inferno spicy ramen I've had.    If your getting on a plane eat the spicy ramen or at least insist on a aisle seat close to the front.  Oh the 2.99 curry char siu and mango mochi were awesome
I was excited to read there's Sapporo style ramen noodles in Vegas so I made it a goal to try Ramen Sora. Sadly this place did not deliver. The broth lacks flavor and is overall bland. I relocated to Vegas from SF where we are truly spoiled with numerous ramen joints. I've also had ramen in LA and this place falls at the bottom of all the ramen places I have been to. 

My husband and I came in at lunch on a Saturday. Upon entering the establishment we noticed they only really have ten small tables and the place was pretty empty for lunch on a sat
My husband & I came here for lunch today. Arrived 5 mins after they opened and the place was already full. We were seated on a table that sat 4. We ordered gyoza as our appetizer. It was ok.  The couple seated next to us were done eating and left. The younger [I can't say Asian because all of them are Asian] lady server came up to us and said " Can you move over to this table so I can seat a party of 4?"  I WAS SHOCKED!! I didn't want to embarrass my husband so we moved over as told.  Our ramen came out and it wasn't what I expected. NEVER EVER in all my 33 years of living was I seated at a table at a any restaurant and then be TOLD to move so they could accommodate another party. OHN! That's very very RUDE! I will not come back here again.
4 words - Corn butter ramen, miso !! 
It gets me every time. Delicious! I always get extra chasu because the corn butter comes with 1 piece only (wtf!) but to add chasu is relatively inexpensive so its worth it. The way the butter melts with the corn gives the ramen a creamy finish thats to die for. This place isn't without fault, its small and most nights theres a slight wait but it hasn't been inconvenient enough for me lose interest in ramen sora. Their soda which I noticed is common in the china town area is by the can but I actually like that, it leaves little room for flat drinks. 
They do have spicy meat if you need that little kick which is nice and even the killer spicy meat isn't too overpowering over the dish. I'm a big fan of Ramen sora and will most definitely be back.
Simple review- party of 3.. 8-13-2013 10pm

Food: chashu ramen with shoyu. Excellent taste. Went well with my large glass of Kirin. Also ordered a miso ramen which was shared ( large bowl 1dollar more)

Service: server was helpful on how to order our bowls. He checked on us to see if we liked it and he kept our waters full.

Price: excellent - my large glass of Kirin was 5 bucks ( small was 3.50)  my chashu ramen was 9 bucks and it came with an egg. The large mission ramen was 7.50 but larger bowl added a dollar to it. Actually the regular size is good to share unless you're really hungry.

Definitely coming back here..parking lot was well lit at 10pm. Good lighting and Good music playing inside the restaurant.
So I have never been a huge ramen fan but my gf had a craving for some before leaving Vegas and sitting in traffic back to LA so we decided on this place.  The noodles were cooked just how I like them - still a little hard - and the broth overall was good.  It was a little on the rich/oily side for me but flavor was spot on.  Another of my friend got the mini curry bowl with a a order or gyoza.  The gyoza were too greasy for me and not crispy enough on the bottom but the mini curry bowl was good.  It was actually a good amount for a mini bowl and the the price was super cheap too.  Overall I wouldn't mind stopping here again if someone I was hanging out with really wanted ramen but warning - it's not the biggest place so there might be a wait when you get here.
First time here. Ramen was very good. Sapporo style which I like. Gyoza was frozen and not home made. For a ramen shop that's unacceptable. 3 stars for this place. I will b back for the ramen.
Great ramen. Not too much pork fat. Great noodles... Sapporo style. Delicious. Go now.
Nothing much to say. 4/5 Here's what i've got.

Ramen can be competetive. Ramen Sora has their ups and downs, I've gone here before and it tasted great! Other times, I've ordered the same thing and it tasted a little on the down side. Different cook? Probably.

I usually come here for dinner when i feel up for Ramen, I usually get Tonkotsu Ramen,(simple i know) i love my pork. Sometimes the broth is very tasty , other times it's average. It really is kind of a gamble here from my experiences. Still, the price for ramen is worth it. Good portion, as I leave content and full.

I like the service here, always fast and friendly, sometimes it is busy, but most of the time there is always a table ready when i walk in. Definitely check it out!
Menu was confusing. probably will try the other ramen spot next just to compare. Spicy options are limited. Gyoza's weren't that good. Ramen was mediocre at best.
I ate here last Sunday afternoon for lunch with friends.  There was only one waitress who was nice, but she seemed overwhelmed.  This was understandable because there were a lot of people waiting when we were finally seated and even more were walking in.  We each ordered the spicy miso ramen and we all got sick.  Worst part of my Vegas experience.
Decided to check out this place seeing it gets over 200 reviews! Love this quaint little restaurant. The Ramen is absolutely fabulous, we had tonkatsu ramen which the soup base is really to die for. Also, Chasu was really really yummy!!  I'll give it 5* for service, our waitress was spot on. 
We'll be back! ;)
Craved ramen during our vacation & went here for lunch. Yelper's suggestions did not disappoint. The food was delicious & service was friendly. The place is pretty small & gets packed during lunch & dinner hours, but it's worth the wait. Boyfriend had the Spicy Miso & I had the Deluxe Sora Ramen which were both rich & satisfying. The noodles were perfect. We also ordered a side of the Pork Fried Rice, Gyoza & Extra's platter which had menma, chashu & boiled eggs. Definitely will go back when we're in LV again.
I went here with my friends, but I could not eat anything. Everything had pork in it. I do not eat pork, so I did not order anything. My friends all loved it though. Everyone said there soups were outstanding. They should make some broth without pork in it.
I must have come on a bad day as reading the reviews I really wanted to like this place. 
Me and my +2 entered the establishment. All tables were full so first thought is alright cool. This place is going to be good. 
We were seated and handed a menu, which is small but interesting. I ordered the Spicy Shoyu Ramen. 
As we were placing the drink orders we ordered 3 waters and a hot saki. This must have been inconvenient for the waitress as we only received two waters and asked 3 times for the third water. We get our food and don't see our waitress again until it comes time for the check. The ramen itself was decent, the only thing enjoyable was the spice and hard boiled egg. Other than that, the broth was a little salty. 
My waters needed to be filled, nobody asked us how the food was/if we liked it/if we needed more. By the time we were seated the business died down so I'm not to sure where our waitress went or what she was doing while we ate for 45 minutes. 
I'm not sure what was going on with the staff.
just came here tonight for the first time for dinner with a friend. ramen sora is a small restaurant on spring mountain with a small parking lot. we arrived at the restaurant around 7pm and we were seated right away, the hostesses/servers are really friendly and makes you feel super welcomed. i ordered the spicy miso ramen because i've heard many good reviews about it and although it wasn't spicy like i thought it would be it was still delicious! i am a huge noodle soup fan and my taste buds were definitely satisfied :) i can only imagine it being even more amazing in the cold weather. overall, the prices and service are great and i will be back!
Ok let me start off by saying I'm not a fan of northern Japanese style ramen...  I arrived with a party if 6, 5 adults with a toddler... No problem we were seated quickly and our orders were taken with no problem. So the service there is cool nothing exceptional but cool. When the ramen came out I noticed my miso was a little dark and I couldn't figure it out at first the. I started eating... Yup shoyu in everything... It overpowered the miso and by the end I was getting disgusted... (I did get the large bowl, maybe if I got the smaller one if would have been ok) all in all it was bad, if they were in Arizona I would go back cuz Arizona has nothing good at all!  In California I wouldn't come back...  I guess if I come back and crave ramen in Vegas I would try to find Hakata style... Or some really good Tonkotsu! The place is about 2.75 in my book not quite a three... But once again I don't care for northern style
Let me preface this review by saying that I have been coming here for over a year. Love the shoyu ramen, chashu, curry etc...However, tonight will be the last time I go because I found hair in my shoyu ramen and when I notified the waitress she told me that they wear hats in the kitchen, so she doesn't think its their fault. The hair was obviously not  mine because it was black and no one in my party has black hair. I explained I would take a small replacement as opposed to the large I ordered since I ate some until I found the hair. She then had to check to see if she could since they wear hats. Kidding?! Needless to say, I will never go back. Not even a sorry...just an implication that it had to be me cus they wear hats. What a shame...
For my own Battle Ramen, Sora was my last stop. My fianc, Ruben had already visited Sora several times and raved about the Killer Spicy Miso Ramen. That sounded scary and knowing his tolerance for heat, I wasn't going to go near it. Anyway, even after taking him to Monta, he still liked Sora better, so I had to see for myself.

We visited one afternoon with his co-worker, waiting eagerly for them to open. Then, we were seated immediately. Both of them knew exactly what they wanted - Killer ramen bowls with the option for more noodles and broth. I went for a Miso Ramen. I really liked the flavor and everything about my ramen was delicious. Oh, and of course I had to try the Killer broth. It has that really deep chili flavor that lingers in the back of your throat. But wow, it was so, so tasty! I actually added a few spoonfuls of the Killer broth into my ramen! It was great.

At the end of the meal, my only problem was that I couldn't decide which ramen house I preferred (between Monta and Sora; I eliminated Fukumimi). They have different styles and I enjoyed both of them. What it came down to for me was the noodles (I prefer Monta's thick, wavy noodles), preference of Tonkotsu over Miso broth, and the availability of chili oil to control the spice level. So my favorite ramen offerings are Monta, however, I like Sora's miso broth better!
Tasted like Tokyo To Me !Really Really good Ramen! Get the Spicy Soyu! So much flavor and a very nice burn
As good as it gets in Las Vegas.  Don't get me wrong, doesn't really stand up to any ramen I've had in LA or Japan, but really good for Las Vegas.  They have a good variety of Ramen so you never really get bored with the flavors.  Try their curry with chashu, great as a small appetizer.  Definitely recommend to anybody that needs their ramen fix.
Decent thickness and nice roast of chashu. Spicy misco doesn't go over the good taste of soup but I would still prefer the original. I will not order Gyoza next time because I am  going to save space for the ramen.
You can't compare Monta and Sora. They are two different beasts.

Me? I'm a Sora fan. I love getting the chasu ramen with miso broth and extra noodles. The Sapporo style ramen noodle is slightly thick, curly and complements the fatty broth well. Since the noodles are slightly curly more of the broth coats the noodle. This makes for a fun splurpfest. 

If you come on a weeknight or after 6:40pm, be prepared to wait 20 minutes.
Came here last weekend and was definitely happy that I did! I had the shiyo ramen which was perfect :) I ate every last noodle! We also had the small curry rice and fried rice dish. A great place for sharing while listening to upbeat music. Service was very pleasant and quick. I'm hoping to try the corn butter ramen on my next visit. We will absolutely without a doubt be back.
It's a small cozy place. I had the butter corn ramen and pork fries rice and it was very yummy!! Great food and even better service!!
My wife and I decided to mingle with the locals after spending way too much money on the Vegas Strip.  Found this place on YELP after having a craving for Japanese Ramen.  The last place I had been for true Japanese Ramen was Ippudo in NY so this had a lot to live up to!  

They have a few other things on the menu but come here for the Ramen.  It is a noodle soup dish with added ingredients of pork, seaweed, corn, eggs or greens.  Really your choice.  I opted for the Deluxe with everything in it and was not disappointed.  The key to any ramen restaurant is the soup.  I have read some of the other reviews that felt the broth was hit or miss but on the night we were there it was spot on!  You want to save the broth it is so good and you will find yourself licking the bowl after you drink from it!  

Compared the restaurants on the strip this place is dirt cheap!  Great food at a great price... very refreshing in Vegas.  This restaurant is located in the China Town.  Really not that far the north end of the strip.  It is located on Spring Mountain Road which is just West of the strip from the Fashion Mall.  

Take a cab, or rent a car.  Heck walk it!  Just try it you'll like it!
This ramen restaurant really defines the term "hole the wall" - Just outside of the Las Vegas strip, we only found this restaurant because of Yelp reviews. Ramen Sora has the best ramen I've ever tasted. 

The restaurant is very small but minimal and clean. I had the spicy shio ramen and a bbq side dish. I don't remember what it was called, but it's under the appetizers part of the menu. The meat was so tender and saucy. The ramen was very flavorful but not overly salty like most ramen places. My friends and I barely talked to each other because we were too busy slurping down our bowls. I almost finished my bowl, which is very rare since I get full easily.
I recently told my class about Monta Ramen, one of my students, from Japan, politely replied "Japanese people prefer Ramen Sora". So now I must try... THANK YOU!!! My new favorite number one ramen home.
Tried this ramen house out of curiosity. It was good. I liked the curry bowl the most. It was def a different taste in a good way. The curry compliments the meat and rice just right. The ramen was also good. A must try too whenever you're in town. It's located at china town, convenient to the locals and the strip goers.
This place just always gives me comfort. It's only been a few times that I've been here, but every time I'm here (which is usually me after work all exhausted and cranky still in my work uniform), Mo always helps me out with what I want and not to mention so friendly and quick at her service! I always order atleast 2 large sakes, she's just awesome. 
This time, it was an 9 hour shift for me so I just came in for gyoza (I know they're frozen, but growing up in okinawa, I still think they're delicious) and rice and almost 3 large sakes.  
Thank you Mo for always making my experience great! I'll be back after works as long as it's open!
I am new to ramen so my review won't be very comparative. I chose Ramen Sora because the reviews were most favorable and I wanted to go to a place people liked for my first ramen experience. I was not disappointed. I got the spicy shoyu which was very delicious with added seaweed. I don't know how spicy their Screaming for Vengeance would be since I didn't find the spicy shoyu to have any heat at all, like at all. It was flavorful broth, the noodles had a great bite to them, the chashu is probably my new favorite thing to eat, but again not spicy. I will definitely be back to eat here again.


Oh and the place is tiny and got packed quick so be aware that it is a very "intimate" place to done.
My favorite place for Sapporo style ramen.  Love their spicy miso ramen broth. The noodles are thick, chewy & delicious. Charsiu is tender and melts in your mouth.
Best. Ramen. In. Town. So authentic! Amazing atmosphere! Love it!
It's very easy to find this place. In fact, it's isolated from the plazas of Chinatown because this place is in its own building. There's also a sign that pretty much screams out its name. The parking lot is small and I can just see the annoyance of getting out of the lot if the place gets very busy. In this situation, I think parking on the side streets is optimal than deciding to park your car inside of the tiny lot. It's also angled awkwardly, but it's nothing to get annoyed about.

Once inside, the decorations gives a sense of familiarity if you ever went inside a ramen restaurant. They also play EDM music which is good for those who just finished partying on the Vegas strip. The waitress was friendly and was patient with my group so there were no issues with service at all. The price range is about average on what to expect at a ramen place. For myself, I ended up ordering the Deluxe ramen bowl with miso soup. The bowl itself is ten dollars, but was it worth it?

Yeah. I was never a huge fan of ramen, so I'm not some otaku that cries out "sugoi" for every ramen place I eat at. However, compared to other places, it was pretty good. The pork blended well with the miso, the egg was great, and the noodles weren't too hard nor were they too soft. Instead, they were just right. The miso itself was average in terms of saltiness.

Just like most Vegas restaurants, you're likely to come out here after a night with a huge hangover in hopes of a recovery from food. It's open almost 24 hours and it's definitely worth a trip to Chinatown. 

So come to Ramen Sora, it's one of the many Pho and Ramen places that engulf the Chinatown area, but does a good job at separating itself from the rest.
Mmmmm good, chashu miso ramen -- warms a body up so nice when temps are going down in Vegas!  Their slices of chashu are thin, tender, buttery pieces of roasted pork, atop a savory miso flavored broth filled with just the right amount of ramen noodles (actually a little too much for me, but I managed to scarf it all down).  Somebody wanted to know which place I liked better--Sora or Monta.  Well, I like certain things about each, but I think I would head to Sora more often because of a number of things--easy parking, friendly servers, more seating options for 2+ groups so it's faster to get in, love the broth/ramen/chashu a touch more than the other.  And, yes, I'm an actual  reviewer, I don't work at the competition!
Not bad for a ramen place in Vegas.  Good size portion and the pork that came with my soup was pretty big.  Not to far from the strip and a lot cheaper than eating on the strip.  Got seated pretty fast and the service was great.  Big water cups which is good.  Usually Asian places have small water cups so you have to wait for servers to refill all the time.  Will come again. :)
Yum! This place was delicious. I had the super spicy miso ramen. It was definitely a challenge to get through because it got really spicy towards the end of the bowl.  The flavor was rich and noodles were cooked perfecly; not too cruncy and not too soft.  They also have different broths but I heard the miso is the best one.  I'll have to try the others.  I got the regular bowl which was more than enough for me.  My friends got the large bowl.  It was significantly bigger than mine but they're guys so they had no problem finishing it. The service here was great! They were super nice and very friendly.  The only down side is that they don't seat you until your whole party gets there, which is fine but it got very crowded at the entrance and a little too crampy.  I am definitely coming here again.  Perfect place for a hot bowl of soup on a cold day!

-----

I am updating this review after trying the shoyu spicy ramen the other day. I still prefer the miso soup!
Whenever I'm in town, I want to try all of the new ramen places. Even though Sora has been open a while, I had not been here until today. I got there before opening and it was a good thing. Sora is a small place that fills up quickly. The first thing I noticed before walking in is that there were lots of Japanese waiting to get in. That should tell you something. This place legit even as far as LA standards go. I had the miso deluxe ramen with an order of gyoza and it was very good. Service is fantastic.

For all of you Monta lovers out there, this review is by no means to say that this is the best ramen in LV. Sora is a different style and I like Monta too. It wouldnt be fair to compare the two.
I've never had 'real' ramen before, so I was excited to try this place that has received such rave reviews.  I was slightly disappointed.

Parking - weird, small parking lot with some random one-ways that are confusing and nobody heeds anyway...

Atmosphere - kinda cool - love the tables and long wooden benches.  

Service - not so friendly - perfunctory, nothing more.  

Ramen - The broth flavor was nice, but salty.  I got the Shoyu with butter and corn.  The noodles were CHEWY - a texture that I did not like for noodles.  The Chashu was amazing - soft and fatty - melts in your mouth!  I loved this pork!  The Tamago was cooked perfectly - an amazing soft boiled egg that complimented the soup perfectly.  The corn seemed straight out of a can...

Fried Rice - Bland!

Rice with Curry - Curry sauce was pretty good.

FYI - The food seemed to have a gross smell in general...

Prices - seem kinda steep, especially since some portions were small!

I was expecting my tastebuds to be tantalized, and sadly, they were far from it.  A decent meal, but nothing spectacular.  Prolly won't be coming back...
This place has completely soared. I'm happy for them, I really am. It wasn't as crowded a short while back, but now you gotta wait a while to get your hearty bowl of ramen. There isn't much seating, but the ramen does indeed come out fast, and the service is speedy.

I had the spicy miso ramen, super bowl was big enough to share with my mother. The chashu was super tender and the best part of the whole bowl. The broth itself was good. I wouldn't consider it spicy at all. I wasn't kicked by it one bit. The noodles were "al dente" as my mother would call it, and their noodles are allegedly handmade so I gotta give them props for that. Other than that, the dish wasn't the best ramen I've had - but it was tasty, nevertheless.

As for the Gyoza, I hate to say it but it was one of the worst gyoza's I've had. I starred at the gyoza and wondered if it was homemade or if it came out of a shirakiku frozen package. Don't waste your time with these dumplings. They're not known for it anyway.

All in all, a great ramen experience. I would DEFINITELY come here for the noodles, but it isn't worth the wait.
I knew this place must be good since I arrived 10min before opening and there were already 12-15 people waiting to get in (mostly Japanese) like myself haha. I ordered the chashu miso ramen and split the gyoza and pork rice. This ramen was amazing and the chashu literally melted in my mouth. I live in Torrance area so I've tried them all and this place would beat Hakata, Yamadaya, or Asa. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas. Next time I will try to Shio or Shoyu flavor. Service is quick and I was in and out in less than 40 min.
Delicious food exceptional food especially on a cold day or for that matter any day for spicy miso soup so good  The price is right would recommend this to all my friends
Their spicy miso ramen is unbelievably good!!!  Wow!!!

Servers are friendly.  Food comes out super quick.  This place is a gem!!
I love this place! Honestly, I like Sora more than Monta. 

The only problem I really had was when they gave us our soup spoons & dishes to put our gyoza sauce, they were all a little wet.

I usually wipe reusable utensils before I use them, but I still found it a little weird I had to dry them myself.

It would be nice if they invested in onetime use chopsticks.

Still good nonetheless!
When it comes to having out of town guests visit, we usually try to introduce them to Vegas' Ramen options because, at least in SF, good ramen means a long drive and headache finding parking for not-out-of-this-world ramen. I still don't know which ramen I prefer, Ramen Sora or Monta Ramen, but I think I have come to the conclusion that both are delicious in their own right, Ramen Sora is just easier to get a table at, which means we end up eating their more often, which means I get tired of it faster. BUTTTT.. I'm still a fan. It's really hard not to compare the two locations and I thought it was really sad during the Aki Matsuri festival that neither restaurant's booths got much love/patronage during the event.

Some pros for Ramen Sora:
-Broth is really, really rich
-I prefer their Chasu rice bowls over Monta Ramen (they even come in mini sizes)
-Gyoza are always cooked well
-Tables are easily moved for large or small parties
-A couple of TVs if you really want to catch a game
-Wait is definitely a lot shorter than Monta Ramen
-They don't charge for hot tea, which Monta Ramen does

When it comes down to it, Las Vegas is lucky to have so many solid ramen options nearby and you can't go wrong with coming here.
It only took me frozen toes to remember to write a review of Sora. After being out in the cold for a few hours, we were freezing and hungry. There was quite a wait only because we had a big group but we were just happy to be indoors. Normally, if there's only 2 people in your party, you get seated rather quickly.

I normally get gyoza with whatever ramen I get. There's enough meat filling and the wrapper isn't thick/ chewy with one side toasted for a nice crisp. I've tried their shoyu chashu ramen, miso ramen, nori ramen, shio ramen and the spicy miso ramen. Unfortunately, they ran low on chashu the last time we went - each person could only have 1 slice of pork belly each. Sad! But their chashu is soooo tasty so I'm not surprised. I like to add iwanori (seaweed flakes) and corn on my ramen. Mmmmm...the hot rich broth, the firm ramen noodles and hard-boiled egg + chashu on a cold day. I couldn't want more than that. You can wash it all down with beer, hot tea, iced tea or Ramune.

Our server was patient with us despite special requests and complications with splitting the bill. I can't think of a time I had a bad experience here.
I really like this place better than some of the other noodle places here in Vegas. Its spacious & not as crowded as others. The soup was good, too! There wasn't anything on the menu that explained what the types of broth were so it was fun experimenting and trying different types of broths and noodles! Definitely a must-try restaurant!
If you're looking for the same stuff that you can buy at the grocery store and comes in a sealed plastic bag with a packet of sodium that every college student knows about, you're in for a surprise bc it's NOTHING like that! Our Aunt laughed when one of our cousins told her where we ate, bc typically, they think "Top Ramen" where they add an egg at the end of the cooking process-- sooo not the same as this.

You first start off by choosing what type of broth you want: Miso, Shoyu (soy sauce) or Shio (I forgot what this one is bc I don't get it) based. From there it's a choice of more fillers- noodles, scallions, pork, etc. The noodles are chewy and full of flavor and go great w/ my choice of soup: Shoyu Ramen. You have the choice of regular and large size, I usually get the regular and my hubs gets the large. We also place an order for gyoza. 

This is our favorite Ramen place in town, gets me through not being able to go to our fav spot in SD. ;)
So this past week I've been having a crave for some ramen. Went to Monta Ramen in Henderson and order some up. I like my ramen with some spice, so I noticed that they started to offer a spicy sauce upon request. So spicy ramen with chachu it was. It was good but in the end some thing was a bit lacking. The broth had flavor but not a rich taste and the spicy sauce was ok a bit weak in my opinion. Couple of days later, next stop Sora Ramen. Ordered the same, the difference is  noticeable the broth here has a deep rich pork flavor wether it is miso, shoyu or shiso. Even the flavor and look of the chachu has is better here. As for the spiciness? You can ask for a scoop of "Killer Meat", which is ground meat cooked in, from what I'm told, 15 different types chili for a long time.  This gives it a nice deep spicy flavor that gives a bold flavor but won't leave you crying . In my opinion Sora tops in all categories from basic to spicy. They offer a variety of add-ins such as corn, butter and extra meat. If you go, get there early as this place gets packed. Highly recommend.
I love this place the food is always great and so is the service. I've tried a couple of other ramen restaurants and this is the best ramen in town! Another plus is that you get a lot for your money, the regular size is plenty enough. The flavors of the broth and meat are delicious, amazing! The potstickers are tasty too!
After living in Japan for 4 years, I'm very particular about the kind of ramen I eat. However, Ramen Sora blew my taste buds. The corn butter ramen with miso broth was decadent, rich, and literally melted in my mouth. I get it everytime I come here. It's average price, about $8-$10 a bowl, but it is so worth it.
Highly recommend! First time in Vegas and wanted to go off the beaten tourist path for restaurants. Best ramen full of flavor!
just okay, the beef on my spicy ramen came out cold, miso broth was delicious with just the right amount of spiciness and flavor
Best ramen I've ever had in the states. Omg, pork heaven in a bowl.  I randomly stumbled upon this place and I ended up eating it everyday of my vacation there. Highly recommended to all of you ramen lovers. Mmmmm... now I really want some.
Dam. It's good. Best ramen in LV.
I was here over the Thanksgiving Holiday from SoCal.  I stopped by for lunch with my wife right when they opened before we checked into Encore.  The Ramen was very good.  The broth was was excellent.  The noodles were cooked perfectly.  There was also plenty of meat along with the rest of this Japanese Goodness.  I will definitely be back whenever I am in Vegas.  Definitely worth any sort of wait.
Our first time to try this Ramen place and my family is very pleased... is very good and the meat is very tender. Highly recommended.
small area, if you are there at a busy time you will end up waiting long in the corner of the area. overall, the food was really good. i only heard praises from other people. i had the miso butter corn ramen & it was a little sweet for my taste buds, but nonetheless it was still very good. too spice it up a bit, the red pepper on the table can customize to your liking. i put 4 stars instead of 5 because of the waiting area & time.
Lots of parking
Small restaurant.
Parties of 4 are probably best.

We had the Deluxe Sora Ramen (my wife loved it) and the Spicy Miso Ramen (i thought it was really good but I could have gone for some more heat).

Next time I'm going to try the Spicy Killer Ramen (waitress told me it has Habanero in it)
The incredible rich flavors served in a bowl here are a must try and repeat!  My new favorite is their butter ramen in shoyu broth.  Their noodles are some of the best I've tasted and their sides like the gyoza and rice bowls are a great addition to any meal. 

This place is definitely happening as it is almost always packed and it didn't help much that about a dozen of us wanted to sit together last time we came here, but they were very accommodating including separating checks for us which is almost always frowned upon everywhere else. 

Great place to get your ramen fix and warm up!
Guys top ramen is not Japanese! Word to the wise. If u like that generic stuff authentic Japanese ramen has a lot more sultry flavors. This place reminds me of my favorite restaurant Tampopo so I'll give it 4stars. Good food, great service, humble choices = simple rich food for an exquisite palate.
This place is the business .. the shoyu ramen with spicy meat is so freaking good! Every time we go there its busy so we call ahead for pick up. We've probably ordered from here about 30 times and have never been disappointed...we still can't remember the proper names to order and they are always patient and get it right.
This place is great.

Many people will say that Monta is the best ramen spot in town. Sora is right up there and can argue for supremacy too.

You get three choices in broth, and the noodles are supposedly direct from Sapporo.

I've never been steered wrong here, but just be aware that the Killer Spicy ramen is legit spicy...even with my south Asian palate.

My favorite is the shoyu-miso broth...it's a good middle of the road broth.

The dining room is chill, comfortable and casual.

Parking can be a bit of a pain, but there is a residential neighborhood right behind it, so you can park on the street.

All in all....a solid 4 star review.
My hubby and I tried their spicy shoyu ramen, spicy miso ramen, gyoza and pork fried rice. We are picky ramen eaters (coz we are Asian and we go to famous ramen places all the time in LA) and to our taste, they were all amazing. Came out very satisfied.

Even during the holiday season in Vegas, you won't have to wait too long to be seated if you go there a bit earlier than usual dinner time. We went around 5:45 and only waited for 5 minutes. But by the time we came out (around 6:30?) the restaurant had a long line.
We walked in at 1032, they told us the kitchen closed. They clearly need to change their hours and post that on the door. Boo!!!!!
I've tried both Sora & Monta and I'm pleased to say I'm a SORA fan (I'm sure there are those who will argue). I've been to Monta twice and both times just didn't hit it for me, broth/stock wasn't there and what was up with that tiny-ass chasu bowl?! LOL (You can get a Chasu Bowl meal @ Sora). The first time I went to Sora... BOOM! And I've been back a few more times after that. Don't forget, Monta was shut down last March with 47 demerits! So they should NOT be given the title of Top Ramen in LV. In fact, they should change their name to "Kitanai" Ramen LMAO! I guess the results are in Monta Ramen = BLAH vs. Ramen Sora = ICHIBAN DAISUKE!
Chashu was thicker and leaner compared to all the Ramen places that I have tried.
Noodles are cooked perfectly.
Food was served quickly.
I love all the side dishes.
Tasty pork fried rice ang gyozas.
Egg was very much flavored.
Clean.
This place is in my top 2 ramen spots in Vegas. their is always a wait everytime I come here. I'm crazy for the pork belly items! plain, bowl, curried or in ramen. i LOVE the broths here but I must say I like montas noodles better. I totally get they both represent different parts of japan/noodles. anyways, highly recommend ! all that sodium goodness ! Lol
I know this place has been here for some time, but it took me a while before I actually paid this place a visit, and as a New Years meal, I didn't regret it. 

I don't go out to eat ramen too often and I only have had Monta up to this point, and I need to familiarize myself with different restaurants around the valley and I know Ramen Sora is another popular choice, so I decided to pay it a visit. 

It is a small place and the parking can get a little hectic since they have a small lot and you might have to park in the adjacent street. When you go in, don't forget to write down your name, or you're gonna be stuck looking like an idiot waiting for someone to help you out, like I did. 

I was promptly seated with my party and it didn't take long before they came to take our order. I got the ramen deluxe with corn, and I feel like that was a good value for its price. They have larger bowls, but the only thing you get more of is soup and noodles. That's up to you if you believe it's worth the extra price, but I stuck with the normal sized bowl. 

I enjoyed everything in my bowl from the noodles, to the broth, to the egg. I have no complaints with Ramen Sora and I will be making another visit to this place in the nearby future. I recommend this place if you just want to eat at another ramen place in Las Vegas, or just somewhere to get some hot soup, especially during winter!
Very tasty and I loved the texture of the ramen noodles. The chasiu had such great flavor, I loved it.  Great find off the strip at an affordable price. Definitely order a side of the gyoza as well.
Update:  I love this place.  It's five stars all the way for me.  The corn butter miso ramen is the best.  I'm no ramen expert, but I've learned what I like and it's Ramen Sora.  The best time to come here is when they open in the morning so you don't have to wait long.  I usually have edamame first and then the big steaming bowl follows not long after.  Ramen always tastes better when it's cold outside, too.  I need to get my fix soon.  Ramen is also better with friends along, but I've also come here by myself because when you have a ramen jones, you need to feed that monster.  If you need to get your slurp on, this is the place.
Binky little ramen joint with heart.

Long wait times for so few tables in this tiny restaurant.  Must be good, right?  It's good.  Good will do for most.  For some...  Very friendly, nice staff.  Enter and put your name on the list and wait.  They're great about seating in the order of the list and not by size of your party.  Fair.  

Monkey do:

DELUXE MISO RAMEN + Bean sprouts - The thickest cuts of pork belly ever in ramen!  Odd to pay extra for bean sprouts.  Salty broth(they said to ask for clear broth on the side to cut the saltiness) Okay, but Monkey's been to better Ramen where this advice is unheard of...  Noodles were overdone.
GYOZA - same o
MINI CURRY BOWL - overkill order, but wanted to sample more items.  Good curry!  

Monkey may return if no one waiting outside...
My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday around 9:40pm. Our waiting time was about 15 minutes. There was a lot of people waiting to be seated but customers left very quickly after they had finished their meal. 

As quickly as we were seated the waitress gave us the menus and asked what we liked to drink. I ordered miso ramen and my boyfriend ordered spicy miso ramen. Both dishes came out quickly and I dug in as soon as it came. 

It was very delicious. I've been craving this ramen for days! I've never had this type of ramen but I knew that the noodles would be a bit harder and chewy compared to top ramen you can buy at the grocery store. The pork literally melts in your mouth! Everything about the dish was delicious. I can't help but say that I felt something was missing. It was probably the fact that I was still hungry after. I'll definitely try one of the chashu bowls next or eat it along with my ramen. Great place to eat. Highly recommend on a cold and windy night!
Spectacular ramen! Owners aren't Japanese, but they make nonetheless amazing ramen. We had miso ramen and miso shoyu ramen; both were fantastic, and the pork was as tender as it could possibly be! 2 regular bowls and half liter beer set us up for $22 only. To be tried!
Don't hate me for voicing my opinion lol.. two stars in my book is rating only the flavor. When you compare it to Santouka (Costa Mesa, CA) or Asa (Gardena, CA) .. yeah this place is aite but I have experienced better :s 

In terms of flavor, the rating that this place has really lived up the hype for me. I came here with high hopes hoping this would be thick, flavorfulass soup that Asa or Santouka would bring but alas. It was more on the thin side and the spicy miso that I chose was made differently. It did not come as a paste as it normally does, this was infused with pork, so my pescatarian friend was unable to eat it :s

The noodles were very chewy and the egg was okay.. I liked that it was runny but it wasn't mindblowingly good like other places that do not come to mind. 

The pork was super thick. It was on the tender side and was marbled with bits of the luscious fat but it didn't make my eyes roll back.. 

Service was aite. There was a wait on a Saturday afternoon at 2pm, prolly like 20 minutes.. 

In terms of quantity, it was very, very filling. I had to togo it so that I wouldn't get kbbq full.
Ramen Sora is a very good place to grab some really decent ramen. Their shio broth is my favorite and it has the classic ramen flavor. I always get the super spicy ramen bowl (I forgot what it was called.) The service meets expectations and I can give no complaints. The only things that could make this place better is having a larger dining room as it is always packed and a little more variety on the menu.

I recommend adding a couple extra pieces of pork belly to your soup; it makes the dish.
SO DELICIOUS!!! This was the first time I really enjoyed a Ramenl! We went New Year's Day and got there just in time, it's a super small place and had a line out the door! We got Chashu and Gyoza appetizer, and the Miso Ramen. Recommend all of these! We almost ordered a second round of everything:D Again, another place in Vegas with delicious food and ridiculously low prices! So awesome. My server was adorable as well, so made the experience that much better! We'll be back!
I have lived in Japan for a year, and I honestly prefer this little gem in Nevada to half of the ramen houses I went to in Japan itself.

This is a small place, so make sure you have some time to wait, especially if you have a big party. The staff is delightful. When I gave a decent tip (~25%) for excellent service, the waitress tried to return it as she thought it was "too much." Their food was delivered quickly, everyone was friendly, and the quality of the food was stunning.

The broth--there is no better tonkatsu broth. They use a slow process to make the broth from black boar bones over days, and it really shows in the flavor. 

Even thinking about this place is enough to make my mouth water. I wish I lived closer to Vegas, a town that I loathe, just so I could eat at Ramen Sora a ridiculous amount of the time. As it is, every place I've been to since has been dreadfully, dismally disappointing.
chasu bowl is my fav menu here. sweet and salty together and very smelly grilled pork . it s so good
i come here many time and never be dissapointed
Mediocre is what i will rate it.   I ordered miso base, i would rate the broth 3.5 stars.

The reason i took away 1.5 star was because i was served my ramen hot but not pipping hot when it should be, due to this half way through the meal the broth was barely warm.   Also the tamago was over cooked.

I had Monta yesterday, thats a 5 star tonkatsu ramen i had.
I had the Negri ramen. My husband had the shoyu ramen. Both ramen did not smell appetizing.  I took two bites of mine and it was disgusting to say the least. our waitress saw me several times not eating we made eye contact and she never bother to come to our table to asked me if something was  wrong. When we asked for the bill since we were with a friend we took separate checks. She finally asked at that time if something was wrong when she saw a full bowl of ramen sitting there in front of me. we told her I did not like it and I do not want to change it to something else since I tasted my husband and I did not like that either. My husband did not like his ramen he said it was a weird smell and taste to it. His ramen was also warm almost cold.

I was still charge for my meal and I know its a business so I decide to pay for the dinner I didn't eat. Just the fact that she saw me not eating and not bother to come was what pissed me off the most horrible service not accommodating restaurant.
Usually when we come here, we're seated right away. Except when we were there on MLK day, we had to wait about 5 min for a table, which wasn't too bad.
Their ramen is average compared to Monta's ramen (sorry, Ramen Sora). Sora's chashu isn't as tender or flavorful as Monta's.
Their gyoza is pan fried, but I prefer deep fried.
The reason we come here instead of Monta's is because Sora's restaurant is slightly bigger, there's more space between the tables (not as claustrophobic), we usually get seated right away, and the service is fast and friendly.
Went here with three friends. We each tried the miso, shoyu and shio ramen. Soooo bomb. Came here hungover and dehydrated hahaha felt like a boss leaving the place.

Food was amazing. Great staff and environment. The wait time was a little big longer than usual given that we came in pretty late (around 4ish in the afternoon).

Craving was definitely satisfied although hundred miles away from home!
My husband and I came in for lunch, hungry after traveling back to LV from grand canyon

Sitting was prompt

I ordered the Miso Ramen $7.50 and my husband ordered the spicy Miso Ramen $8.50

the noodle is on a chewier side but with constant texture
the broth was rich and flavorful but very salty
the char su pork was very lean, which i liked...but I husband insists that great char su has a good balance of meat and fat
the half soft-yolk egg was delicious
sparing amount of bamboo shoots and scallions can be found in the soup as well

Ramen Sora is good ramen at a very low price point
slurp up a bowl today

(This review was written by my husband)
We have been here 3x already,my family really enjoyed the ramen!  Excellent  miso broth n ramen,my personal fav is always the spicy miso.... U can order extra portions;extra noodles,broth or charsu,etc....Atmosphere is modern,nice and clean NOT overcrowded n stuffy like some other places...severs where nice n cheerful. Will be back again!
Went there during my Xmas vacation and had some quick dinner there, the ramen was pretty good and the price is very good as well. will return next visit.
By far the best Ramen in town. Good variety - great fried rice that's not too greasy. Rich broth, not too greasy or salty. Gyoza rocks. Tried a number of ramen houses and nothing beats Sora!
Ramen is great.  The miso soup is wonderful.  I love the flavor-it is authentic.  All of the ingredients are fresh.  Flavors are there but subtle.  Yes I need to experiment & order more!  But no matter what ramen I order the meat is tender but not over cooked.  
I like the decor it is perfect for a casual restaurant.  The location is good.  As a newcomer to Vegas it is easy to find since it stands alone.
the best ramen place here in Vegas almost as close to Ezogiku back home in Hawaii Nei.
We had a great time here last week and enjoyed our respective ramen bowls very much.  One guy in our small group was hesitant about trying anything "adventurous," but he was a total convert after his first few bites, finishing up not only his own ramen bowl but his wife's as well!  I had the Chashu Ramen with miso broth (3 pieces of pork) and it was delicious.  The broth wasn't too salty and the savoury flavours of the meat and noodles was a symphony in my mouth.  My friend's spicy ramen was well appreciated and it disappeared in a hurry!  Prices are reasonable (bowls are under $10) and service is fast and friendly.  The restaurant is pretty small, though, so be prepared to wait a little, and make sure your entire party is present to be seated, otherwise you will have to wait.  Reservations not accepted.
My roots have ramen (or saimin) listed as my Number 1 comfort food. On cold wintry days, on days when you're not feeling well, on days when your night turned into day, on simply any day! I can enjoy a great bowl of ramen.

So here is my story. Enjoying Las Vegas waiting for the imfamous Super Bowl Sunday, I somehow forgot that word "rest" or "sleep"... and my night turned into day.... Not wanting to wait in line for any restaurant in the casino, I get in my car and head OUT....  

Onto Spring Mountain Blvd I head into the Las Vegas Chinatown.  HUGE GIGANTIC sign! RAMEN SORA  RED AND BLUE NEON SIGN  "open"  open OPEN.

All I want is a regular bowl of ramen please, miso broth, extra nori, no egg, green onions please.... OH WAIT. and I'd like a Kirin please!  Oh! A small order of gyoza (small order = 6 pieces)

Broth tasty! HOT! Steamy Hot! The way all ramen bowls should be served. And the noodles? OMG... if there is such a thing as al dente chewy! (exactly as I like it) is what I got.  

Of all the ramen shops on Spring Mountain  Blvd.? This is a definite must try. 

Note: depending on the time and day you try to dine - you might have a wait period... I assume that because of the sign in sheet as well as the chairs in the waiting area....
Lately, I've been telling people that Fukumimi is the best ramen around and beats Monta hands down. This was before I finally tried Ramen Sora.

Earlier today, my friend said he was tired of eating at home and suggested that we eat out for lunch. After some deliberations, we went here. We arrived shortly before the 11:30 opening time and waited a bit before walking in. We were the second table seated for the day, which felt even better when I later saw people loitering in the waiting area before it had even hit noon. Having browsed through some Yelp reviews (love you guys), I chose the Deluxe Sora Ramen ($10) with miso broth, while my friend had the standard Miso Ramen ($7.50).

A few minutes later, heaven arrived. I don't know how else to describe the excellent, salty and umami broth, the al dente noodles (best I've personally experienced), the generous portion of meat (you guys what you're paying for in this one), the chewy-but-not-too-chewy bamboo shoots, the green onions, and the seaweed squares. I did find the yolk of the soft-boiled egg to be a bit runny compared to what I'm used to. Just based off the components that appear to be present in the normal miso ramen, I would have been happy. I was smiling inside the whole time.

Unfortunately, my friend did not find his ramen as much to his liking. I could kinda tell by how much broth he left behind. His main complaint is that it's too salty, and I agree that the salt is a very strong component. However, I happen to be pretty salt-tolerant (at least compared to someone like my mom), so this is not a negative for me at all. If it is an issue for you, then steer clear (or ask about clear broth on the side, I saw in another review).

I was just so impressed today that I've decided that Sora is now #1. Fukumimi is still a very close second for me, with emphasis on the close: if I'm leaving from home, then I want to pick Fukumimi for a shorter drive. If I'm around Spring Mountain and need a place, it's gotta be Ramen Sora. And I'm still smiling.
After many attempts at trying to find a decent ramen shop from the Bay Area to LA, we came across this location in Vegas.  I've been disappointed at all the other locations we had tried so I was quite skeptic about all the reviews.  But after we placed our orders and ate almost everything even though we opted for extra noodles, I'd have to say that this place is by far our favorite ramen shop.  The broth was somewhat salty, but still good.  I'd definitely come back the next time we visit Vegas.
Another 4 star Ramen spot in Vegas.  I'm really enjoying hitting up the various one's on every trip out to sin city.  This time it was meeting up with great friends from high school in Japan for a much needed girls weekend.  Being that we grew up eating ramen picking it for lunch was a easy choice.

Ramen Sora serves up all broth type ramen froms shio, shoyu, tonkotsu and miso.  They state they serve Sapporo Ramen which is miso based.  It is def one of my fave broth flavor that I grew up eating in Japan including the instant kind by sapporo ichiban!  Obviously the toppings at each ramen house varies but typically a bowl of miso ramen is served with chashu, bean sprouts and corn.  

Deluxe Sora Ramen ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#hCJU9RRGp3DKxDTlDB3YSA  You get to pick the broth choice and I decided to go with miso.  The bowl came out nice and hot.  Broth had a great flavor not salty as some can be.  Good ajitama. The chashu was nice and fatty and soft.  It was sliced on the thinner side but it was very good http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#D-VllyZqgYKzpRSSEh7PBw The noodles were the yellow curly chijiri type.  It was cooked perfectly and not mushy.  They offer 2 bowl sizes (regular and large) and additional toppings are offered for a reasonable price.  

Gyoza ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#eaaQo6H7y5Ob4t3j7ydoeg Fried up with a decent char.  The filling had a good flavor.  They have a premixed sauce so no guessing on the soy sauce to vinegar ratio. 

Ramen Sora is located a few blocks away from Monta.  Driving by this place in the evening you might think they are closed due to the tinting they have on the window but rest assured they are open.  The single building is of decent size and a good number of tables however I felt they could have used the somewhat open space with another communal table.  Depending on the time you get there you will def have a wait as we did albeit a short one.  

Eyes ~ Nice bowl of noodle goodness!
Nose ~ Smells so good!.
Ear ~ Happy chatting and eating.
Mouth ~ So very very good!.
Tummy ~ Satisfied!
After the urgent recommendations of several Yelp Elite, I finally made it here for dinner this evening! After having phenomenal ramen in the Bay area, I was curious about how Vegas would compare. Luckily, at least here at Ramen Sora, it's high quality and delicious and really hits the spot. The broth especially just totally makes it here.

Got the deluxe sora ramen, regular size, miso, for my first visit. BF isn't a fan, so he got the large curry bowl. His came out first, and it was just right- large portion for the price ($6.50), flavors were spot on and it was definitely comfort food. He inhaled the dish.

Then, after suffering through a long day of feeling ill, I finally got my ramen treat. The broth was delish, the chashu pork plentiful and flavorful, and the bamboo, nori, and egg really complemented one another. Noodles were plentiful and nicely chewy, but slightly thinner than expected, given that someone told me they were thick? Guess we have different expectations.

That being said, my pork was a little cold and I was somewhat bummed to see only half of an egg rather than a whole, and it was a slight bit overcooked, too. The egg is usually my favorite part, and my favorite ramen place in CA was known for getting the eggs perfect, so maybe I got spoiled by that. Overall, very good- especially the broth!, but there is room for improvement in the little details.
Before I give you my opinion about Ramen Sora, let me give you some insite into Japanese ramen. There are many different styles of ramen in Japan just like there are many different styles of pizza in America! Many people I speak with will say that Monta Ramen is way better than Ramen Sora. However, that's an unfair judgement because they are different styles and come from different regions of Japan. Ramen Sora reflects more of a Northern Japanese style ramen using miso, shio, or soyu broth with thicker noodles. The ramen you get at Monta is a tonkotsu style which is a richer pork broth generally using thinner noodles. 

With that said, Ramen Sora is pretty good when it comes to their ramen. I would recommend the Miso out of all the broths as it tastes rich with flavor. 

The reason I gave them 4/5 stars instead of 5/5 is because I feel that their chashu pork fall a little short. Japanese ramen style chashu takes a lot of skill to prepare correctly. If it's done right, it should just melt in your mouth. Ramen Sora's chashu is very tender but i'd say it fall behind Monta's chashu. A few reasons why I think their chashu is not perfect is because they do not roll their slab of pork belly when preparing it. This causes more moisture to escape from the pork during the cooking process. You'll notice Monta's pork is rolled and melts in your mouth. 

So all in all I give Ramen Sora a 4/5. Not bad for ramen found in desert!..and incase you were wondering, yes I am Japanese! Happy Eating Folks!
It's been a while since I've been to Ramen Sora and I have to say it's still my favorite in town.

There's still a wait most days, but it's worth the wait. I have ordered the spicy miso on every visit. I keep meaning to try something different, but I promise I will eventually. Doubling up on the noodles is a must. It's just good value. The broth is flavorful and not so overly spicy that I can't enjoy my ramen.
I'm a Ramen kinda girl! Ramen Sora you did justice to my ramen craving. I ordered the deluxe miso ramen. The broth was right on point. My husband got the spicy ramen which was really delicious if you love spicy then it's definitely worth getting. No worries they have an even more hotter ramen for all you bold people.

I will definitely be back here to try more of their ramen.
We went to Vegas in mid-December where the weather was pretty cold so we decided to have ramen (Japanese noodles soup). One of my sister's friends recommended this place. From the outside the place is not in a good part of Vegas. The inside looks small and old. However, the ramen was super good. The menu is very simple. My tolerance for spicy food is considerably high so I had their spiciest ramen called "screaming for vengeance" which is spicy but not too spicy where I could not finish. The soup is very tasty and not too salty like other ramen places. We came in a group of 13: my family, my sister's & my cousin's family. We all like the food so much that we all came back the next day. This is definitely a place for you to eat when you visits Vegas. I still haven't found this kind of delicious ramen in LA. I tried Orochan but their soup on the spicy ramen is so salty where I can't finish without drinking water to dilute the salt.
Short: Pros: Great ramen. 
Cons: Loud, fast- moving atmosphere so don't expect a friendly chat.
Not the best prepackaged noodles, and a tad overpriced.
Do go here if you're interested, it's worth your time. 

Long: Went here with a friend and it was good that we arrived early; they got packed quick. We were sat down, ordered our food. One of the downfalls here is that the place is small, and as it's a ramen joint, it's expected of you to eat quick and get a move on. The place is loud with chatter, and you don't have much time to really sit down and comfortably chat. 
Food arrived quick. For $11 for their special in a large, it's good proportions, but I don't see where all that money went--especially since ramen elsewhere is a budget outing. Soup was great, the meat was as tender as all hell, sides were great, BUT, the noodles weren't the best pre-packaged and that just crashed the whole deal for me. They're good, but I think the whole dish would be better with cheapy ramen noodles off the store shelf. As the main ingredient for ramen, I can't overlook that.

Still, 4 stars for good ramen. If you want to try this place, I can't see why not.
Good food. Big portions. Of course that's because we got the super size. Means there is left overs for lunch. Broth was good and hearty. We'll come back.
The broth is amazing. The fried rice is absolutely delicious. The gyoza with the vinegar sauce is scrumptious. Service is prompt and on point. My favorite ramen place by far. Monta pffft.
The main reason why i went here, was apparently this is suppose to rival monta. As the #1 & #2 of ramen spots in the vegas valley. Had the miso ramen, the broth was super thick, packed with flavor. They claim to have authentic sapporo noodles. Not sure if they were it. But it was definitely good! My only gripe was i wish they put more pork slices in the ramen. But definitely a good bowl of ramen if you are in the mood for one.
Closest thing to little Tokyo ramen for me here in LV! Hits the spot every time! I've tried monta ramen a few times but this place is so much better in my opinion.
What can I say, I love this place, my go to is the chashu shio with killer spicy meat, and can't get enough of that pork fried rice, let's not forget the curry, and dat pork, soooo good
The most recent Vegas trip was the first time I got to eat in China town and I was excited to find out they had a ramen place. We arrived just in to time to beat the crowd. I went with a group of five and we got seated within 15 minutes. I ordered the "screaming for vengeance" with corn because I love spicy ramen but was disappointed it wasn't spicy enough. I am still in search to find the most spiciest ramen. The broth was on the saltier side, I am not sure if its because I've been drinking and my taste were off. The broth was ok but I was disappointed that the food was not piping hot. However, the really like the pork belly, talk about fatty goodness. The noodles were cooked al dente and had a really nice texture. This place is a solid 3.5 stars in my books.
The location is pretty non-descript. Thre isn't much to the outside and it makes you wonder what you will find inside. The decor is fairly sparse but updated to reflect a kind of Japanese modern decor. There aren't many seats and I am sure that finding a table during a prime meal time could be difficult. Their menu is simple with includes pictures of the different varieties of ramen and offers three choices for broth (have the Miso version, that is my favorite). The ramen comes in two sizes: regular and large. The regular size is large enough for most peoples' appetites. I would go again and have the miso broth ramen.
Dear Sora,

I'm sorry that I didn't take the time to get to know you earlier, but I'd been dating another ramen house at the time and thought she was the bomb diggity. It was pretty casual and we weren't exclusive, but I finally pulled the plug when I got fed up from waiting in line EVERY time and just WASN'T GETTIN' ANY. 

I don't want you to think you were some rebound though - it was some time before I decided to stop by for a visit, but I have to admit that when I walked in and saw there weren't hordes of people jonesing for a table, I wondered if you were my type. After being seated right away though, I perused the menu and knew we'd hit it off. 

Pulling my usual first-date move, I opted for the miso ramen and it was love at first bite. Your bowl of piping hot broth housed a generous portion of noodles that was bedazzled with tender pieces of chashu pork, crispy menma bamboo shoots that snapped with every chew, nori strips for a good crackling, an egg boiled just right, and other veggie toppings. After a few more nights out with you, I came to appreciate that we could be spontaneous with each other. Sometimes I wanted a different broth, or wanted to add other ingredients like corn, butter, or extra pork. Other nights I'd be in a chashu rice bowl mood. Either way, I liked that you were always game to MIX IT UP. 

Let me know when you are ready to make it Facebook official. Text me. 

XOXO, Sandy
I found this place through a little Japanese magazine specializing in Las Vegas, you can pick it up at most Japanese supermarkets in Southern California for free.

Went in with my mom one evening while in Vegas, I had miso and Mom had shouyu ramen. They were delicious. I'm really grateful to be able to eat good ramen in Vegas.. Service was OK, nothing more than taking your order and bringing your food.. But that's all we need anyway..
I've been on a search for a really good ramen house that would be closer to my house.  My favorite by far is fukumimi, however, its so far!  I decided to check out Ramen Sora, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.

I got the Deluxe Sora Ramen, with the shio broth. AMAZING. I loved the tonkotsu in my ramen... it was tender, thick and very flavorful!  The noodles were perfect... just the right firmness, thick and chewy! 

I also got to try the mini curry bowl and mini chasu bowl.... DIVINE!  I highly recommend this place.  I will definitely be returning back for more!
This is the go to ramen place in Las Vegas for me.  The broths are incomparable and the noodles, veggies and add ons are more pleasures than one person should enjoy.  Truck stop portions in a little stand alone building w/easy access and fabulous service.
I have never eaten ramen that was not purchased from the local supermarket.

I do not know how to use chopsticks.

However, I know good food when I taste it.  And it's hard to find anything better than the ramen at Ramen Sora.

I went with the spicy miso, there was so much going on in that medium-sized bowl of noodles, pork, and broth.  

What seperates Ramen Sora from other restaurants of its ilk is the service.  As a big, goofy-looking white guy, let's just say that at many Chinatown restaurants, sometimes service is.......well........less than friendly.  Not the case here, everyone was very nice.  

This will be a regular spot in the rotation and I'm looking forward to trying different menu items.  You should do the same!  :)
I went here with my cousin after a week of expensive fine dining at Mandalay Bay, and I couldn't be happier. Great ramen is heavenly, and Ramen Sora did not disappoint. I ordered the spicy ramen with shoyu broth. The broth had depth and wasn't too salty, the noodles were chewy and toothsome (perfect), the pork chashu was tender and flavorful on its own, and the spicy ground beef mixture added texture as well as a good kick to the ramen.
Pretty good but I guess I'm just a Monta girl. I prefer everything about Monta's ramen. I haven't tried anything else at Sora except for their ramen. I ordered the Miso Ramen this time. It came with one piece of cha-siu thick cut. I prefer Monta's thin cut. Sora gives you half an egg where as at monta you would have to pay extra but Sora's prices are a bit more than Monta's so there's that. Also, Sora is more spacious and bigger. The parking is a lot better since they have their own parking. Can't go wrong at either place.
Ramen Sora, what can I say other than that this is my favorite spot by far! The service is great an so is the ambiance. You may have to wait a few minutes, but it's definitely worth the wait! I order the Chasu Miso Ramen and Gyozas whenever I go cuz those are my favorite things from there! The Miso broth is so delicious with the pork belly slices on top of noodles, garnished with egg and bamboo slices making this a great mixture of goodness! As for the Gyozas, they're the best along with their dipping sauce that make this combo the best yet! My husband orders the Spicy Miso Ramen and with that you can always order the level of heat you like! He enjoys it super spicy and orders the larger size. Its satisfying in so many ways and most definitely thee best Ramen place in Chinatown! It's never a disappointment!..:)
Bomb! Best broth I've ever had! Go for supersize if you have any sort of appetite. Pork is tender juicy fatty and all around amazing. Top 10 bowls of ramen for me. Yum! Service is also great.
The reason why i'm giving this a 3 stars is because the ramen here is amazing. 
However, it gave me and all my friends diarrhea. Yucky, i know. 
We ate this in the morning before heading back from Vegas to Irvine. However, our stomachs were hurting so much during the trip back. And 3 of us had to go to the restroom pretty frequently throughout the way back. 

Even though the ramen was really good, i would not pay the price of diarrhea for it again. I rather eat Subway .
One of the best ramens I had.  Screaming for vengeance is spicy and very good.  Friendly sraff.
Fast and efficient service but plan for a wait if you come at lunch.
I am in the infancy stages of my ramen exploration in Vegas.  While I can't say that this is the best ramen I've ever had, it is the best I've had in Vegas so far.  I always get whatever is their spiciest version of miso ramen on the menu.  To be honest, this is why they've lost a star.  It's really not that spicy.  I was expecting some major heat, but it failed to live up to its title.  Even so, I've been back twice because at least their hotter than the others. All the ingredients are fresh, and the chasu is tasty.

As for the service, I've had extremes.  The first time I went during lunch, the waitress was short with guest and didn't ever come by to refill my tea.  I had to walk to the counter and ask for more tea and water.  When I did, it turned out everyone needed more water.  She went through 2 pitchers. When I went back in the evening, it was a much better staff all around.

I'll give them 3.5 the first time and 4.5 the second time.
Definitely a must if you love ramen. Sora's ramen has to be the best ramen I have ever had and trust me I have been to lots of ramen restaurants and this one beats all! My friends and I eat here at least once a week because it's that good.
Miso Ramen is my fav. Gyoza is good. Just tried the Charsui Curry Bowl - wow that was great! Oishi! As soon as they open it fills up. The service is great and fast. Will definitely be back!
So I tried the Shoyu Screaming for Vengeance and it became my favorite. I ate it 3 times and it was spicy but I ate the entire bowl. The next two times, within the past month, I couldn't eat it. It was so spicy that it made me cry and I had to commandeer my friends leftover broth in order to have something to rinse my noodles off with. It was so painfully bad. My face and lips hurt afterwards. The last time I went I was told that the meat gets hotter the longer it sits in the oil that makes it "killer." I was told it wasn't too bad today and it wasn't as bad as the last time but the amount of chili oil in my bowl was ridiculous. I may just switch to the spicy ramen so I can go back to enjoying my meals  still highly recommend this place over any other ramen restaurant though.
This place is awesome! Delicious ramen, the meat practically melts in your mouth. I have never had ramen that wasn't out of a box before and this has definitely changed my mind. Next time I'm I'm Las Vegas I will definitely be coming back here.
This place has pretty good SUPER SPICY miso ramen. THeir dumplings are also bomb. I haven't tried anything else, but I believe in vegas, this is one of the best ramen places for MISO flavor. 

Def will keep going back. 
Service is also a 5 star. :)
Yum!!
Best ramen in Vegas!
My favorite is miso ramen. It is not salty like other place and very authentic. 
They are not cheap on portions or broth quantity.
This is my favorite spot to have Ramen! It is "Oishi Oishi"! The noodles are perfect, the broth is perfect, I love it here! Do not hesitate or consider any other Ramen establishment, you must visit here and I guarantee you will be a returning customer. Oh and by the way, I live in california and no matter how much time passes between my visits, the food has remained the same, amazing and just what I expect every time!
I've been to Sora twice. I don't like the flavor of Sora's broth for their ramen. It has an odd flavor that I can't describe. Also, the spicy ramen is not spicy enough for me. My husband loves the ramen at Sora and is always begging me to go here. I would much rather go to Monta, but there is always a line there. Monta's broth tastes much better and they cook the eggs so well. Guess I will have to just wait in line.
My fellow Yelpers didn't steer me wrong again, as Ramen Sora was very good.  I am relatively new to ramen and finally decided to just give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised to see such a large menu as (again) I haven't had much experience with ramen other than a few times over the years. 

I will admit I was one of those point at the picture and ask questions guys, but the server was great explaining each one with the experience of having answer the questions a million times, but with the attitude it was the 1st time which put me at ease.  

I honestly couldn't tell you what everyone ordered, but from the sampling of everything, it was all GOOD!  The building is a little small and the wait was normal, but well worth it.  I don't have it marked on my calendar yet, but I do plan on going back again soon.  This time I will point to a new picture with more confidence that no matter what I pick, it will be delicious.
Holy Moly!  Betty had raved about this place and her enthusiasm was not misplaced.  Four of us went there for lunch... we all order (as instructed by she-who-must-be-obeyed) try the Deluxe ramen bowl with the miso broth.  This wonderfully thick broth (think broth that's like a thin gravy) has remarkable depth of flavor.  The nori sheets get crumpled in, the egg is looking at me, the noodles are things of beauty.  All this (and  we shared a pitcher of beer) left us throbulating about lunch.  

N.B.: - for an extra buck you can get a size larger.  It's a noticeable delta.  One of our bunch went for the double-wide portion (2$ extra) and it's humungous.  I'm sure I'll be back to try some of the spicier fare.
CORN BUTTER RAMEN! I normally get it with miso and man oh man is it smooth and delicious. There is the option to add meat in case you feel it's not enough. This is definitely my go to ramen place. Parking can be tricky on busy nights and depending on when you go there may be a significant wait. I feel like the air conditioning is not the most efficient but I can't stop my craving for ramen on hot, summer nights. They do have some beer on draft to help cool you have. 

FYI no vegetarian broth options. I figured the miso was vegetarian but when I brought a veggie friend with me they informed her that all of their broths are pork based.
My cousin took me and friends to this place and I've never had ramen before...boy it was so delicious I'll never eat pho ever again! I had the miso spicy ramen. Its rich and full of flavor. Spicy but just enough heat. We also had the fried rice, potlucks, & curry (Japanese curry) all also very delicious. And very speedy service! Once you order...poof...5mins later food on the table. Hot and fresh, along with very friendly staff!
Yum!  Excellent bowl of miso ramen; chashu pork was tender, broth was rich and hot.  Everything about it was about as good as ramen gets.  And the staff are super nice, all cheerful and quick.  I'll be back!
Ramen? You mean, ramen noodles...the stuff you buy at the grocery store for like $.10 a packet? No, absolutely not, it's nothing like that. I quickly found that out after having dinner here with some fellow Yelpers. This was my first time having ramen that didn't come out of a wrapper with a little packet of seasoning...and yes, I'm a fan. A huge fan!

So, we came in here for dinner on a Friday night. From what I read in reviews, I was surprised to see that we got seated so quickly. It's actually a good thing that we did because by the time we were done, there was a line out the door. This is a really small restaurant with limited seating, so if you plan to come here, get there early and give yourself a better chance of avoiding the rush

Since this was my first time eating ramen, I felt like a kid asking all our more experienced Yeeps what everything was. What's a miso? Corn and butter? Hard boiled eggs? I had no idea what was going on and while that menu is only a single two-sided sheet, there's no shortage of options. If you've never been to ramen, I definitely suggest going with someone who has for your first time. 

After much thought and questioning, I found out the Miso is kind of like the "safe" option and decided on Spicy Miso. Wow, this stuff is delicious! The noodles are plentiful and cooked perfectly, the pork is tender and having that egg in there is so good. But the best part of it all is that broth. It's rich and is so, so flavorful. I literally wanted to pick the bowl up and drink it cereal style...it really is that good!

Let me just say, if you were questioning yourself on trying a ramen spot, stop and come straight to Ramen Sora. I may not have much experience in ramen but I can tell you this place is worth the visit and I can't wait to come back!
Quality was not great last time I was here. I got the spicy miso ramen. It came out quickly but IMO, way too quickly. The spicy meat in in the soup was still cold! It was like they literally just scooped it from the fridge and tossed it on top of the bowl like a garnish. It was still in a giant cluster when my bowl came out and I had to put it on my spoon and slice it apart with my chopsticks. Normally, I can just swish it around easily with my spoon. This cold meat totally ruined my meal. I hope it's better next time because Ramen Sora is seriously one of my fav ramen spots!
My favorite place to get ramen.  I always get the spicy miso; how hot it is seems to vary but it's always bearable.  If you're really hungry you may want to add extra chashu or get a large.  Some bowls come with more meat than others so it does depend on what you order.  

They can get very crowded and it's small inside so I wouldn't recommend going during busy hours.  For lunch, arriving around 2 pm seems to work fine.  

I wouldn't recommend taking home leftovers unless you plan to eat it near immediately.  I've taken home leftovers twice now and when I ate it the next day, not only did the broth separate (which looked disgusting), it also tasted weird.
I'm sorry to say this, but I was very unimpressed with this place. I had high hopes as my parents have gone here a few times and told me great things so I was somewhat looking forward to trying the ramen. When I did finally try Ramen Sora, I ordered the Miso Ramen, gyoza and pork fried rice. The gyoza was gyoza - it's hard to mess that up - so I enjoyed it. I really liked the pork fried rice, so kudos for that, but when my miso ramen came out... man, what a disappointment. I liked the noodles in it, the pork belly was cooked well, but the flavor of the bamboo shoots ruined the whole thing. I don't know if they didn't boil them to remove the rancid smell/taste, but it completely ruined my ramen experience. The broth tasted like the shoots too, after I had removed them from the dish. I just couldn't eat past the flavor and normally bamboo shoots are my favorite.

Who knows, maybe it's a regional preference of that flavor that I'm not familiar with because everyone else in the restaurant seemed to enjoy their yucky bamboo infested broth and ramen, but I am not a fan, so unfortunately, I will not be returning here for my ramen needs.
Ever since I ate here with some friends I've been craving ramen. I loved the spicy miso I got with the killer spicy meat. It was SOOOOO spicy!! But it was SOOOO good haha. It was one of those things where you could safely say "it hurt so good!!" Our server was great and we made sure he knew with a good tip. Will be back soon! Been craving :)
I really liked this place. When i first pulled up i was a bit nervous looked a bit on the divey side,but from the moment you enter you feel welcomed as all the servers shout something in what i guess is japanese,although it could be they are announcing another white boy coming to eat for all I know. The service was attentive and efficient. I had my bowl of soup in short order.Im not a master ramen person but I do enjoy a good bowl of noodle soup especially with chashu,which is what I had,I like the fact that you can pile on extra noodles too,I went for the 50% bigger,that was perfect! i think it was a bit more expensive then I remember from similar in los angeles,but by no means was it exorbitant. 15 bucks all in for soup and a coke. all and all I appreciated the whole experience and will return.
Awesome customer service, delicious ramen.

I love how every server/cashier greets you the moment you walk through the door. Literally....they all shout out a greeting in Japanese! :) There aren't very many tables, so luckily we went during an off time, but even so, they were still at half capacity by the time we left.

I enjoyed their Delux Miso Ramen, and the bf had the Butter Corn ramen. I normally just order the tonkotsu, or super pork ramen at most other places. This place uses tonkotsu as a base, but you have a choice of Miso, Shoyu (soy sauce), or Shio (salt) flavored broth. The pork flavor still comes through, but with delicate miso overtones. I think I will try Shio next time, just because I really enjoy pork flavor, but this was delicious. The pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender. The butter corn ramen was very good too. It really tastes like sweet buttered corn! :)The portion size is generous as well. Its not the biggest bowl of ramen I've ever had, but hey.....sometimes bigger really isn't always better! The broth is rich and decadent, so it was the perfect amount. (And I'm a BIG eater!)

I will definitely be back next time I'm in town. :)
Yum! I came with my sister who was in town visiting and recently came back with a friend and she loved it!  We both did the corn butter ramen I believe is the name-- prolly slaughtered the title(: I added seaweed to the bowl and I've cleaned the entire bowl out each time! Parking is tight, but I've been able to snag a spot each time I've come, but yes great ramen and I will continue to recommend this place and bring others as well!(:
after i had this ramen, it destroyed all other ramens for me.
Oh, what some time and eating can do to an opinion. I will preface this with the obvious: This is a matter of taste and preference. You may come here and simply fall in love.

- I don't like that they skimp on noodles here. Biggest issue I have with them by far. I'm also a fan of thinner over thicker for ramen noodles. I haven't had any yet here.

- I  don't like the style of broth - no punch. To me it's just about suitable for chicken noodle soup - not ramen. I don't even like the color of it. I know, though, that is just my preference. Maybe ramen is like this in Hokkaido. I don't know. I haven't been yet.

- I think their chashu is good. Tender and large cuts.

- I like the options available for types of broth as well as the various options for things like piles of chashu or a surrounding dressing of nori. Maybe you're extra hungry and want a huge bowl instead of those sissy regular ones. You've got choices.

I'd say this: if you like rich pork flavor, this is not for you. If you like thin noodles, this is not for you. If you like a lighter ramen experience - you may just find your calling here after all.
I ordered the Butter Corn Ramen and was very tasty. I only wish they had more selection of noodles on their menu. So far one of the best place for ramen in Las Vegas.
Their ramen is ok. I think the killer for me was how extremely salty their broth was even though I tend to eat most foods on the salty side. I also think they're overpriced for an average Japanese ramen house.
I tried this place out with my family. The ramen was absolutely delicious, it's even better than some of the places I've tried in LA. The pork was amazing, it literally melts in your mouth. We were all thought the food was great. I recommend getting the large size if you love eating ramen. I am disappointed by the fact their green tea comes in a can though. The staff here were really great when I went, very friendly.
Ramen Sora is hands down the best ramen restaurant here in Vegas. Not only is their ramen amazing, but their other food is too. Their noodles have a unique texture and I love it, their broth is exceptional, their eggs are just right, and the pork is wonderful! I can't stress it enough how great this place is. Their customer service is great too, I always encounter friendly workers
Very good place and good service !! Don't try anything over killer hot if you want to enjoy your meal lol
Average shio broth. Ramen was too thick and not al dente enough. A bit like ramen packets.
Of all the ramen places in Vegas, I have to say this is one of my favorite places. I realized that I no longer love miso ramen due to the rich thicker broth. I guess your change in taste evolve as time passes. Who knows. Anyway, I ordered their nori ramen with shoyu broth and added a slice of butter. The broth was flavorful but not too rich, just how I like it. The butter added extra creaminess. The noodles were thicker and chewier compared to other spots, which I like as well. My favorite part was that the chasu wasn't all fat. I know I'm probably the only one who doesn't like the fat, call me strange. I just prefer more meat. I think next time I'll opt for the $1 charge and upgrade to the larger size. All in all, solid ramen spot and for sure I'll be back in the future. 

P.S. Only reason why I didn't give a 5 star ration was due to the fact that we felt rushed to pay.
Holy crap this place is cozy! I had the super spicy ramen. It was just the right amount of spicy for me. I'm Thai and Chinese, so I thought I knew all about noodles and soup. This place is special! Blew my mind!
When we talk about Hokkaido-style ramen, the first thing that comes to mind is miso butter corn ramen. And Sora offers exactly that! A happy regular customer here.

Their spicy miso ramen is the bomb!
Good is always fresh and fast. Service has always been friendly and helpful. Today, Sunday afternoon and very few customers just right for me.
Out of all the ramen places in Vegas this is the best one!   

When I go here I always have gyoza, fried rice and negi ramen.  All super delicious.   Fried rice is easy to make but it is rare for a place to make it well and his place makes it awesome!
The food was great . As a kid I always enjoyed ramen . I never had authentic ramen. Just straight out of a bag . If you want delicious and great tasting authentic ramen...  come here to eat . The servings are quite delightful as well.
Craving ramen in Vegas?  Look no further, this place is good.  Very tasty broth, moist and tender chashu, spicy miso has a good kick and if you need more spice, the killer spicy meat is a good add.  This place and Monta are my favorite ramen places in Vegas.  Both are small though, but we've never had a problem getting a table.
I don't understand why people would like this place..... this place is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the broth!!!! gosh!!!!! it was disgusting. it has that weird smell..... and that roast pork!!! gosh is that roast pork!!!!??? do they know what roast pork is!!!??? now it makes me feel like yelp is unauthentic!!!!!
we came in here for a quick bite before leaving las vegas.  i had the butter corn with shio broth. 

pretty good!
Ramen Sora is the BEST RAMEN NOODLE in LASVEGAS more than MONTA noodle shop. As a native japanese, my tongue is picky, their noodle really made me addicted !!! Soup Broth is handmade soup & curly chewy ramen noodle are the Best !!! I usually get Corn Miso Butter ramen noodle there ! Shoyu, shio, miso, spicy one, all of them are great !!! Dont forget to eat their HOUSE FRIED RICE with ramen !! their fried rice is out of this world !!! I am in love with their noodle! Chef is from Tokyo & Osaka japan !!! One of the best source of japanese food !!!   Address is :  4490 Spring Mountain Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89102   (702) 685-1011
What a gem! The Spicy Miso here was freaking delicious and we loved that we found this place in Vegas.
The place was not busy at all, and it's not far from the strip! 5 minutes to get delicious ramen while on a Vegas trip?? Heck yeah!
The place is kinda small
Maybe I'm not a ramen expert but this place does it for me. Good prices, nice casual atmosphere, friendly staff, great T-shirts, great bowl of soup with many options. The standard bowl, $7.50, is a fine meal anytime. Just make sure you get there by 10:30 p.m. -- even though they are open until 11, they stop taking orders at 10:30.
I love their Corn&Butter Shio Ramen and Gyoza. On the other hand, I don't really like any other flavor they have.
I like all the topping they have and Gyoza taste pretty good. Types of noodle they use isn't my favorite ramen noodle but it goes well with Shio ramen I think.
My friends who likes spicy food love their spicy miso ramen. So far everyone I took here with me all like it here:)
They don't really have many appetizers beside ramen toppings. But if you just wanna go eat Ramen, what else you need other than a good bowl of ramen?:)
I had ramen shio with extra bamboo shoots this time. The curly ramen was cooked perfectly, very enjoyable; the pork was very tender, flavorful and substantial, not too much excess fat, a winner.  The egg that comes with it was a bit overcooked, it looked liked it had been cooked way in advance and was cold.  The broth had decent, substantial flavor but too salty for my taste, all that was left in my mouth after I left was the flavor of sodium, why I give Sora a 3.  

Service is quick and attentive, although I did feel a bit rushed, this place has become very popular and fills up very quickly, I was there at opening time, 11.30 for lunch, within 10 minutes the place was completely full and had about 10 people waiting in line.  I would definitively recommend to give Sora a try as a decent ramen place, but to me not worth to wait in line for, neither here nor Monta.  I would recommend to give Tatsu Ramen a try instead if you don't feel like waiting in line in those previous places, it's always quiet there and for my taste their broth comes as the winner, flavorful and not too salty.
Wish there was more seating available, but the building itself is pretty small anyway
Even better than the last trip. Besides the tight dinning area there is nothing to complain about. Great broth, great noodles, melt in your mouth pork.
You definitely have to wait as they don't have that many tables but we had the gyoza, fried rice and all different kinds of ramen. We all loved everything and even in the 90 degree weather we still enjoyed a bowl of hot noodles!
Ramen Sora is definitely one of my top three in the city, if not my favourite restaurant ever.
The food is always delicious, the staff is always friendly, and the place is always clean. Excellent noodles and the broth is balanced. If you ask, the staff might say that the miso ramen is the best, but i would definitely say the shio ramen is the best. My boyfriend agrees with me, after having the miso ramen the first few times. All of the flavours are delicious, dont get me wrong, but the shio is an amazing savory broth without being too salty. Killer ramen is super spicy so beware. If you like it hot, try spicy ramen. Its spicy but also flavourful. Their gyoza are also good. I come here whenever i get the chance. The place can sometimes get busy at night but it is usually worth the wait.
I've dined in and taken my ramen to go (just recently found out that this was even an option, yay!)

I haven't had a bad experience here. The staff is fun and friendly. The food is hot and consistently on-point!

I always order the Screaming for Vengeance shio Ramen with fried rice, gyoza, and the mini chasu bowl. All a delightful taste sensation...

Don't trust my reviews on spicy food if you have low tolerance for spicy food. For my tastes, Screaming for Vengeance is just above a medium level of spiciness. I'd say it's about as hot as the xxtra flaming hot cheetos in the black bag. It'll make your nose run, but it's highly tolerable and still has flavor. One of my dining partners did not share the same sentiment. He thought it was insanely hot and he basically chucked the rest of his rice and tea down to calm the burn... My tip? Let it cool down temperature wise and the spiciness won't be so intense.
For Ramen, this is THE place for it in Vegas.  There are no better alternatives.  In a small cream color building, they really dcor the place quite well, it really had a Japanese ramen cart feel to it.  They are located on Spring Mountain Road within blocks of Chinatown.  

We had some Seared Chashu for starter, they were excellent with a perfect balance in tender and crisp.  They serve Hakata style ramen, even though Tonkotsu was originated from that region, we were in the mood to try something else.

For the daring souls such as myself, you cannot go wrong with the Killer Spicy Shoyu Ramen.  The broth and spices just go so well together, and the level of heat was at the right level for me.  We also had a bowl of Deluxe Miso Ramen, and the miso broth was quite tasty as well.  Their chashu was quite big compare to other ramen joints I visited. 

Ramen Sora, most likely the only place I know for sure that I can get a nice bowl of ramen in Vegas.  The server was excellent, and their tables turn over so fast, there were already a few groups waiting at the door after we were done eating.
Honestly wasn't the best ramen I've tried in Vegas. The gyozas (pot stickers) weren't as crispy and the broth was a little too oily for me. This is coming from a native Japanese girl so, yeah.
The staff was really nice. The restaurant was so hot that it felt stifling inside. Not the best ramen I've ever had. The noodles were cooked perfectly but my chashu was slightly cold. The egg was also lukewarm and not as flavorful as many other places I've tried. It 'll do if you are in need of a ramen fix but definitely not the best there is out there.
You might wonder why a person would have ramen in 100 degree weather... because it's good!!  After reading the reviews,  I tried both places and vote for Ramen Sora! 
Located on the right side of Spring Mountain Road as you drive east, the stand alone building has good parking. The interior is spacious and bright with 9 tables and quick and helpful service.  There's not much air conditioning,  but the cold water is filtered and helps a lot!  You can ask for disposable wooden chopsticks for better grip!  The staff wear black t shirts that read,  "No ramen - No Life" which are available for $12.
I had the Nori Ramen with miso broth...delicious!  Not too salty & not too watery!  The large pieces of nori framed the bowl of firm, thick noodles perfectly! 
I also had the gyoza. ..5 pieces for $3.75 - yum!  Tasty on the inside and a little crisp on the outside!  Beautiful! 
I felt like I was in Japan again!  Enjoyed the simple decor and way customers were greeted! I would definitely return!
Been here probably a dozen times and it never disappoints!  Besides the ramen, the gyoza and the fried rice are great too!!!!
I'm somewhat a ramen fanatic, having already eaten at most of the Seattle ramen shops. We decided to check this place out since my brother said that this place was amazing (especially since they were a good sport to take care of a group of 20 people haha.)

I'm not too big on the overly rich, highly sodium filled broths that I've experienced. I decided to play it safe and went with their shio ramen w/ light sodium. The first bite I had was amazinngggg. So warm, so chicken, so doge. The noodles were perfect in every way. Not too soft and not overly chewy, I can just easily slurp them! :) the pork was really tasty too, it was made so you could easily break it into pieces, or just have it melt in your mouth.

Service was excellent, the waitress was attentive and had an adorable personality. 

My only complaint is the wait time. I hope they get a bigger shop soon! 

I highly recommend this place to any ramen lovers out there!
Originally my friend wanted to go to Manta but as we arrived at around 10pm it was packed so using the knowledge of Yelp, we went down the street to Ramen Sora which was strangely not very crowded. As we ate, more people rolled in so that was a good sign.

Our waitress was very nice, and helped explain the menu to my friend, who really needs to see a photo to understand what she is ordering hahaha. I chose the Miso based ramen and she choose the salt based one. Delivered quickly and very hot, I thought both were pretty tasty. My friend thought mine was much better and wanted to trade, but I laughed and said "not a chance". 

Prices were cheaper than Manta, and it was pretty good, although not something I'd order on a hot summer night. I need to get my friend to try things like salads.

Overall, I'd go back.
Words can not describe the outstanding food served at Ramen Sora.  The broth is amazingly delicious.  The internal garnish with each dish compliments every flavor you can expect in the broth.   It's truly a special place that I just love.  I always get an extra Tamago with my bowl.  :)  Do yourself a favor and go eat a bowl of Ramen at Ramen Sora.
Maybe my expectations were too high but I was a bit disappointed. Had the miso ramen. It did not have the depth of flavor I expected from a ramen only joint. noodles were OK but not the chewiest. will probably return but def not a fave
I will say this, my cohorts loved this place, I however though Meh, I'm not a hug fan of pork and it seems that's the only option, I would much prefer chicken, and there was no option for chicken. I personally am no fan of seafood and every dish has a fishy smell or taste, most likely due to the seaweed they put it in. I would come here again with my friends because they love it but I would leave hungry. The service was excellent.
Perfect ramen. I can't even imagine how it could get better.

I usually get the spicy shoyu and my wife gets the miso and they never let us down. I've been there maybe around 10 times.
Very good ramen! They're apps aren't amazing but good. The space is more open so you don't feel claustrophobic. Service is quick and wait time isn't too long. Their menu isn't as easy to get through as other ramen spots but the noodles are delicious!
Pretty good Ramen if not a bit pricey, but still wayyyyyyyy cheaper than the strip.  Not too oily and the broth and meat were perfect.  I had the delux shio, though I was a bit bummed by the size of a standard.  I think next time, I'll get a non deluxe option and bump it up to a large for just a buck more.
As a tonkotsu ramen aficionado, I'm constantly on the lookout for the next great ramen-ya, especially one that can rival the best in LA, or dare to dream, the ones in Hakata, Fukuoka, Japan. It was with great excitement that I noticed their preopening announcement, and we set out to try them for a weekend lunch. Upon entering the restaurant, we noted a clean Spartan aesthetic but the wooden benches were quite hard and mildly uncomfortable. The menu was simple and straightforward. We asked the waitress what the Tatsu ramen was, and she explained it is their tonkotsu with additional chashu (6 vs 2 pieces). We went ahead and ordered the tonkotsu ($7.77) and Tatsu ($10.77) ramen. Our bowls came out quickly and were accompanied by seaweed, ginger, a tiny bit of green onion and sesame, but no egg. Surprisingly, there didn't seem to be an option to add an egg, or other accompaniments, i.e. additional green onion, corn, etc. Interestingly, the shio and shoyu versions appear to come with an egg though.

While it looked promising initially with the proper thin white ramen noodles, our experience was underwhelming. First off, the noodles were overcooked and not al dente or firm enough. While the amount of noodles was adequate, the amount of broth was on the skimpy side and could have been served hotter. (Usually the better ramen joints serve their broth piping hot so that it is still plenty warm by the time you're finishing your meal.) The porky flavor and richness of the broth was ok but not something you would want to slurp up every last drop of. The chashu was not quite tender enough, a bit too fatty (that I was compelled to pick off the fatty parts), and somewhat bland at the same time. It was also odd that when I asked for shichimi togarashi (Japanese chili powder and a classic condiment), they only had chili oil available.

In the end, Ramen Tatsu was just okay for us. It is better than much of the local competition, but doesn't induce any cravings to return.
The Skinny: at the end of the meal, I had a half filled bowl of broth - 'nuff said (3), service: efficient and fast (3); value: it's okay - not too pricey for a bowl of okay ramen... but nothing that I feel like I need to return for (3 stars).

When we saw the signs for a new ramen joint opening up in the Chinatown area, we were stoked. We love ramen - tonkotsu ramen in particular - and we were very interested to find a ramen joint that serves the traditional thinner white noodles with their tonkotsu broth.

We headed over to their soft opening just to see what they had to offer. I believe that their menu is truncated a bit at this time. No matter - we decided to hit up their Tonkotsu ramen ($7.77, 2 pc chasu, green onion, ginger and woodear mushroom) and their Ramen Tatsu (basically a tonkotsu ramen with more chasu and in bigger bowl of noodles).

Okay, let me get this straight. Ramen for me is all about the broth. That is the most difficult part to get right and where all the flavor comes from in your bowl. If I am leaving a bowl of ramen with at least half a bowl of broth behind, that says something - it just ain't that good. The tonkotsu broth didn't have the luxurious porky depth that it needs to really distinguish itself from other ramen joints in the city.

On to the rest of the bowl. The chasu in the bowl didn't really have much of a marinated flavor with it and rendered it a bit bland. The noodles - although they were the legit kind - were a little too soft for my taste. I would also venture to say, the bright pink ginger topping should be left to the side instead of incorporated in the bowl. I was also a little sad that the wasn't the option of adding an egg to your bowl. Perhaps this oversight will be corrected after the soft opening.

Another thing of note was they did not have togarashi to go with the ramen - only the chili oil. As my hubs is a total togarashi fanboy, he was verily disappointed.

Service is quick and efficient. I believe we were in and out within half and hour.

Overall, in the big scheme of things, Ramen Tatsu is alright. However based on the offerings today, I don't feel a huge urge to return again soon.(3 starred review).
I see that I have been beaten to the punch by 3 fellow ramen aficionados already, but here is my take.  

I would have given 5 starts if this were 4 years ago, but as the competition heats up for local ramen-ya's, I have to be a bit more stingy with my ratings.  

Before all of that, I have to be on Tatsu's defense about shichimi togarashi as August has a basic misconception about it.  

If you ask a Japanese native what you would put Shichimi on, you would hear Udon first and foremost, then hot soba, then perhaps gyudon and oyakodo.  If you ask 100 people, you probably wouldn't have anyone, maybe one or two people say Ramen.  

So what do udon, hot soba, gyudon, oyakodo, etc. have in common??  

It's Japanese dashi made out of bonito flakes (katsuobushi), soy sauce and sea kelp.  Ramen certainly does NOT.  Shichimi is a traditional Japanese condiment and you would NOT see it in a normal Ramen-ya.  I have never seen anyone nor heard of anyone putting shichimi togarashi in Ramen-ya in Japan, and I'm certain that I've been to more ramen-yas in japan than Godzilla, Candace, and August put together.  However, please....no shichimi in zaru-soba.  You deserve to get struck by a lighting if you put shichimi in soba-tsuyu for zaru-soba.  So I think it's quite natural that there is no shichimi in a ramen-ya.  If they happen to have one, it's most likely because of an unusual request from American patrons.  Personally, I don't like to put anything extra in Ramen.  It's as if you went to Kabuto, or sukiyabashi jiro or kyubei.  If you are handed a nigiri of Toro with nikiri, or hirame with sea salt and a dash of yuzu, you don't dip that in soy sauce. It goes straight into your mouth.  I do the same with Ramen, but that's just me.  

I'm sorry to digress, let's get back to Tatsu.  

I was relieved to see almost everyone there except for one having a conversation in Japanese.  This is always a good sign and it seems that they were making some final adjustments to their menu, as the grand opening is not till tomorrow.  

So I went with standard tonkotsu and chahan (fried rice).  

I was hopeful that chahan would be good as I heard a loud shaking of the wok in the kitchen.  Proper chahan making involves somewhat violent flinging of the wok to send the rice airborne so that it's directly fired up by the flame of the grille to get rid of excess oil, so that resulting rice is not greasy/sticky, what we describe as "para-para" kind of rice, and it was well done, although a little subtle in flavor but I like it that way.  I think they can easily add other things and make it more interesting like kimchi or takana chahan.  

So, off to the ramen.  As far as tonkotsu broth is concerned, I though that it was on a simpler side, very reminiscent of shinsengumi in L.A.  If I have to be critical, it was somewhat too simple and lacking in depth.  I'm going to give them a break as it's not far from that of Monta's and it's not even grand opening yet, but could use a little bit more depth by playing with their soup stocks, and I personally prefer something a bit fattier, like kotteri option with se-abura (back fat) and all, sort of like what they do in Daikokuya in L.A. or a lot of tonkotsu places in Japan.  

As other reviewers said, there is no option for nitamago, but I'm sure that this will be corrected by grand opening.  Also, the noodle was properly thin and straight kind which is the usual kind for tonkotsu, and it was cooked just right, although I was told that I can request to have it softer or harder.  

All in all, I think it was 3 to 4 stars.  Their tonkotsu could be heavier/deeper in flavor but that may be my personal preference, but as places like shinsengumi is doing well in L.A., some people may prefer it that way.  I really hope that they will add a kotteri option.  

The reason that I'm somewhat more critical these days is that in Japan, a ramen-ya must have some sort of unique appeal in order to survive.  When there is only Monta in town, then something standard would do.  Now that we have Monta, monta chaya, fukumimi, sora, and tatsu as the only authentic ramen places (sorry anime, shoku, koraku....you guys don't count), they each need to do something more unique.  I would go to Fukumimi or Monta for tonkotsu over Tatsu if they stayed the way they are.  And Sora's miso is way way above others and I wouldn't eat miso anywhere else unless tatsu does something impressive.  I'm hoping that they'll make some more adjustments and improvements to be competitive with fukumimi and monta as far as tonkotsu is concerned, and I'm intrigued by tsukemen as no one else offers this option at this time.  I'll revisit in a few weeks and let's hope that they will move in a positive direction.
Awesome place!  Love the food, very flavorful.
Well, it's my second visit, first time after the grand opening and if you call yourself a ramen aficionado, you will have to visit this place....several times.  

The menu now is quite large.  They have quite a bit of topping options including soft boiled egg that I expected them to put on the menu.  One suggestion that I may have is that ginger be removed from ramen as a default topping.  I personally don't like it, many people don't like it(so it seems), it adds ginger flavor and color to the broth that a lot of people may not like.  I would have it available as a condiment for free.  I just don't consider it a "topping" but more like a free condiment such as salt and pepper.  

The reason I wanted to revisit was to try the tsukemen which isn't available anywhere in town.   The word tsukemen comes from "tsukeru", to dip and "men" or noodle.  Tsukemen is considered a subcategory of ramen, but it's quite a different beast IMO.  The history of tsukemen is not very long.  Taishoken in 1955 was said to be the first ramen-ya to invent the tsukmen, and "in general", you see thick, somewhat cold/warm (not hot) noodle with very rich/dense dipping sauce/broth to the side. This "tsukedare" or dipping sauce/broth tends to be much more viscous and dense in flavor than a ramen broth so that you can adjust the amount of broth you eat with the noodle.  I believe that the original taishoken dip is somewhat sour/zesty coming from vinegar or citrus, but some of them are sweet or rich in fish flavor as exemplified by the famous Rokurinsha with fish powder. It is somewhat similar in concept to traditional Zarusoba, where a cold buckwheat noodle is dipped in sobatsuyu, but the major difference is that the dipping broth is more of a thick ramen broth made by pork broth, chicken, fish, and such as opposed to sobatsuyu made of traditional dashi such as bonito flakes, kelp and soy sauce.  

Tatsu's tsukemen didn't disappoint.  I have not eaten that many kinds of tsukemen's in Japan, but this will be in zesty/sour type.  However, the broth "I think" is pork based but I could be wrong, it has a very thick umami flavor with what seems to be a seabura fat floating on the surface and you might think that it will be very kotteri/fatty, but the zestiness leaves a relatively light after taste.  It's very THICK if you taste the broth by itself but it's designed that way so that you dip and adjust how much broth you want to eat with the noodle.  The noodle is interesting.  It has specks in them like an arabikki soba noodle, somewhat thick and chewy and it's actually very good by itself and goes very well with the dipping broth.  

I come to find out that they actually have 4 kinds of noodles, one for tsukemen, thick/curly for miso, thick straight for shoyu, and thin straight for tonkotsu, and they apparently get them from 2 manufacturers in california.  

Now that I've heard about different noodles, I have to come back for their shoyu and miso....I think Tatsu is a very interesting addition to the line up of authentic ramen-ya's in the city to make the ramen scene much more interesting.
My new favorite place in Las Vegas! 
I love love love Ramen!! This is my favorite and the best place I have ever been in Vegas! Great food of course. I ate Shio ramen. Healthy, fresh and yet very tasteful. ;) loved it. Friendly stuff, great service, and clean and great atmosphere. I will come back when I'm in the town;)
Have tried their Tonkotsu, Fried Rice, and also got to experience Tsukemen which cannot be found in Las Vegas as Alex has mentioned. Since the explanation has been done already let me cut to the point and go to the reviews. 
Growing up in Japan and only having very few ramen in California that has satisfied me, I can definitely say that this is one of my favorite spots in Vegas. Moving out here recently, I would not had expected for there to be a well staffed, clean environment, and (the most important part) belly filling japanese ramen restaurant. However Tatsu has blew my mind on that. Their soup is delicious and very full filling, something about the combination with the noodles (once again no explanation needed since all is done by the previous reviewers) and the environment definitely makes you feel home. A must try spot if you love ramen and definitely the Tsukemen is something everyone should try.
This ramen place did not disappoint.  I ordered the Tatsu deluxe ramen and was pleasantly surprised by the thickness of the charsiu and also the flavour of the broth base. They also did not skimp on the other ingredients.  There was plenty of bean sprouts, green onion, and two pieces of nori.  The only thing they could have improved on was to give a little bit more ramen in the bowl.  Otherwise this ramen was quite delicious and I finished all the soup, which I don't usually do.  I also tried their fried rice but was not as impressed with it.  It was not flavourful enough and the presentation was not pretty.  It also had quiet a few dices of pure fat in it.  My recommendation, stick with the ramen and you will be back for more.  I give 3.5 stars.
I first noticed this new ramen house awhile back but it took some time for this new restaurant to open.  Was it worth the wait!  I visited when they had their "soft opening" and decided to try the fried rice and tonkotsu ramen.  I really enjoyed both.  The fried rice was cooked and seasoned just right.  The tonkotsu ramen rivals a nearby competitor's.  I would have to say that Ramen Tatsu's tonkotsu ramen tastes better and is definitely presented better.  If you are in the Chinatown area, you must try this place.
There is potential here so maybe down the road things are going to be different, but I think this is an average ramen spot for Vegas. Not as flavorful or quality as Sora or Fukumimi, but better than the bottom-end Koraku.

I am very much a lover of a creamy broth that usually accompanies tonkatsu bowls. When it's done right, it's just fantastic. Unfortunately, here it's just... underwhelming. Between the miso and the tonkatsu, neither broths had any substance. They were just there, surrounding noodles. The broth is everything. It's just average here. The chashu is very fatty and not particularly delicious. Overall, just underwhelming.

Service is quick, though, and prices are the norm. It's to the left of Q Karaoke, in case you're unsure where it is. Honestly, you're probably better off at Monta or Sora nearby, though.
I had high hopes for this place....but I left slightly disappointed.  We'll start with the good, the decor is simple with clean lines and they have a few items that I will be looking forward to in the future, such as karaage and takoyaki!  I love takoyaki, so if they get that going and it tastes good, I might just stop by for that by itself and a char siu bowl.  Now for the not so good, I tried the Tatsu Ramen which has a tonkatsu broth with 5-6 pieces of char siu and a piece of seaweed.  I felt everything was a little bland and under seasoned.  The soup base tasted slightly watery and could have used just a pinch of salt to bring the flavor out a little better.  I think this was a general consensus, since I heard the elderly couple next to us actually tell the waiter that they felt their Miso Ramen needed salt.  The pork belly was thicker cut, similar to Ramen Sora, but marbled in fat like Monta's.  However, again the pork lacked seasoning.  They also put the ginger in the bowl for you, instead of having on the side...which i dislike since ginger is pretty overpowering and a personal preference.  They also have the option of two different types of noodles, thick and thin.....I ordered the thick noodles and felt they were a little soggy already by the time I started eating....So unfortunately at this point, I will be returning to my old stomping grounds of Monta and Ramen Sora.
Overall, Ramen Tatsu is alright.
Decent ramen place with good portions. I also think the price is right. Had the Tonkasu Ramen with egg. Taste right. Also had fried rice. I'd definitely return to this place.
Man that bowl looks good when it comes out. But the broth is bland, the meat is just over salted, and nothing else is good. I don't think its a good thing when I have to try and fill the bowl with chili oil and soy sauce to get flavor.

Service is fast, friendly, but the food is lacking.

Monta, Fukumimi are better choices.
I'm pretty satisfied with Ramen Tatsu.  Good crispy and flavorful gyozas.  I've had the shoyu ramen and the spicy miso, I've also tried (a spoonful) of the Tonkotsu and Shio.  My favorite was the shoyu, the flavor was there, more subtle not salty.  Noodles are al dente and according to one of the waiters they are fresh made daily some place in California.  If we are to compare to the other Vegas notorious ramen place, I feel Monta's broth has become too diluted and salty for me. But Ramen Tatsu does feel a lot like Monta, if fact the chef seems to be the old one from Monta.  The cut of pork is thicker here and less marbled fat which I like.  Good, very friendly service.  Pleasant space to sit down and enjoy dinner, maybe not so much the style of a fast food bustling traditional Japanese ramen, but I like enjoying my beers while I eat and I don't mind this lack of authenticity.  Also a plus, there's never much of a wait here, but it's a new place.  I'll be coming back to Ramen Tatsu for my ramen fix.
I hate being a hater but that was a 2 star experience.  They can't compete with the big boys down the street.  

My wife got the tonkotsu ramen and while the broth was decent, they gave her thin noodles which she didn't like at all.  The server didn't even offer a choice and the thick noodles in my deluxe were way better.  The deluxe definitely wasn't skimpy on ingredients but the broth was bland and the charsiu was just OK.  I would have ordered the deluxe with tonkotsu ramen or shoyu (soy sauce) if I could do it again.  

What's up with no music in the restaurant?  I felt like I was eating ramen in a library.

Is 3 stars the new 2 stars?  Even the 3 star reviews are telling readers to go elsewhere.
I really enjoyed the tonkatsu at Ramen Tatsu. They are generous with the ingredients here and the tonkatsu was creamy and savory without the overpowering saltiness that some other ramen places serve. And man, when that bowl of ramen arrives, it's just gorgeous. Picture-perfect for all you asians, like me, who love to document their meals. Their chashu pork, although not very flavorful, is still pretty tasty. On my second visit, I got the idea to order the seared chashu and add it to my ramen. Yummy! They should totally have this option for toppings. The noodles were thinner in the tonkatsu but I didn't mind it. You probably can request the thicker noodles. A nice plus is that you can get a refill of noodles (kaedama) for only $1.50.

The restaurant is still pretty new so it has that awkward ambience of a place just starting up and the menu seems to be a work in progress. Would love to see this place do well amidst the growing number of ramen shops around town.
I was here after it opened and it was great. The noodles were some of the best I'd had (thin like pho noodles but ramen recipe). Today it was garbage. The noodles are just average and the chashu had a funny taste. I won't be back.
Broth n ramen was not bad but the charsiew aka pork was a disappointment. They were too tough n didnt give us the shiok feeling biting it. We didnt even finish the meat. Chickenkaraga was not authentic enough.
I've tried this place twice in August....yes this review has been overdue and now they are currently closed for site maintenance! 

I actually liked this place.  The tonkatsu broth was tasty and the ramen was cooked al dente. The bad side was that there were only two pieces of pork and I was left still feeling hungry.  I guess I must have been starving or I just need a side of extra noodles.  Overall, I liked Tatsu ramen and I'm hoping they reopen soon. There is a minimum for credit cards so bring cash if your only ordering one bowl!
I have been craving their tsukemen.  I have been to Monta and Sora in the last 4 weeks and I needed something different.  When I went there about a month ago, it was closed for renovation of some sort.  As it just opened not very long ago, I'm not sure what they needed to do.  

When I arrived today, it didn't look much different at all, so I'm not sure why they've been closed, but anyway, I was stunned to find out that tsukemen has been eliminated from the menu.  As I believe that Monta and Fukumi are the places to go for tonkotsu, sora for miso, and tatsu for tsukemen, it was quite disappointing.  

Anyway, I had tonkotsu as I just had monta last week and wanted to compare the two.  

Let me just say that their ramen is good, but it's not the TYPE of tonkotsu that I like.  If you like shinsengumi in L.A., you will like their version of tonkotsu, but I personally favor more thicker, heavy tonkotsu flavor that you see in Monta or Daikokuya.  

You do see variation in the tonkotsu flavor in Japan, and I'm not going to say that one is better than the other, but it comes down more to personal preference and this isn't the type of tonkotsu that I like, hence I'd say 3.5 stars.  

I wonder if there wasn't enough demand for tsukemen to keep it on the menu?  but it is certainly a disappointment for me.
Me & the boyfriend have been eating here since day one and we love it! Love their curry katsu & ramen. And when you ask for extra of something they actually give you EXTRA. 

The owner is always nice & finds time to stop by our table to say hi. We've never had a problem with service here. 

This will always be one of our regular spots.
Saw the signage for a new ramen restaurant that was going to be opening soon while picking up dinner next door.  Fast forward about a month and I saw a few reviews from fellow Yelpers and most were just so so.  In spite of that, I still wanted to try it.  What can I say, I am a sucker for checking out new Japanese restaurants. So I asked Leos to go with me on Monday.  Unfortunately they are closed on Mondays.  So we went to a new Vietnamese pho restaurant instead.

[Visit 1]
So after waiting another 22 hours, I went back to try my luck at Ramen Tatsu (on their official grand opening day) after clocking out at work for the day.  The restaurant had 2-3 parties already when I arrived, but soon after placing my order for a Tatsu Ramen Deluxe I realized I was alone in the restaurant with just the staff.  Nervously I noticed that I was feeling oddly warm, as if I was still outside in the 111 degree heat wave, but it turned out to just be a weak AC unit.

The Tatsu Ramen Deluxe - Tonkotsu + Shoyu based ramen with 6 pieces of Chasiu and vegetables, seaweed, 1/2 egg.  The presentation makes it look bigger than it really is, reminiscent of the Frilled Lizard (http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ocXifB-lZLI/TuBV8QyQ3fI/AAAAAAAADfY/3h3LfMfHrFo/s1600/Frilled-Lizard-03.jpg)  The broth was decent, the noodles was cooked well.

[Latest Visit from yesterday]
I ate already before making an unscheduled stop at Ramen Tatsu.  So I only ordered their Chasiu Rice Bowl. Which is just a basic bowl of steamed rice with pieces of chasiu, green onions and a tiny bit of sauce on it.  It tasted fine, albeit a little dry with all the rice and very little sauce.  But was difficult to eat without potentially dropping pieces of chasiu on the table.

I tried the broth from the Tonkotsu Ramen and Shoyu Ramen that my dining companions ordered.  The Tonkotsu broth has definitely improved, and was definitely way better than any of the ramen I tried at the recent Ramen Festival at the Rio.

The portion for the ramen is what I considered smallish.  But the extra $1.50 for "noodle refills" is a great relative value.

Other observations: 
* I asked for the Tsukemen, but it is no longer on the menu.
* The restaurant is typically pretty empty, great if you don't like to wait for ramen, which is supposed to be fast food. 
* Split check request is handled without any fuss. Definite plus.

Decor:  Nice and simple.  During holidays, they will have seasonally decorations,at least they have put up Halloween theme decorations right now.

Cleanliness: Very clean

Service: Friendly and thoughtful

Probability of return visits: Moderately high

More than a plain 3 stars, but not quite to 4 stars yet.
This place made me sad I was looking forward to coming here. The staff was nice and the place looked cool but the food man....the food wasn't that good. I got tonkatsu shoyu and it had a weird off taste to it. My grandpa got the karaga and it tasted off too. The pork was good had nice flavor but was tough its like i needed a knife to cut it. :( This is the first time I had a bad review for a ramen place and it makes me sad.
Recently I was invited to a dinner which featured several of the most famous Las Vegas Japanese restaurant owners. It was unanimous in their opinion that they believed RAMEN TATSU was the best TOKYO RAMEN-YA in America. Yes, you heard that statement correctly. TATSU is NOT a Kyushu Ramen-Ya, it is a TOKYO style Ramen-Ya that specializes in Shoyu style broth. If you don't believe me, ask the owner himself. The owners name is Wayne and he is a very respected man in the LV Japanese-American community. 

RAMEN TATSU is unique in the fact that all ingredients are natural/organic style. Wayne uses three different types of natural chicken bones for the broth in his Tokyo style ramen. He also uses three different types of natural pork bones for his Tonkotsu ramen. No other ramen-ya in Las Vegas goes this far out of their way to produce such a rich broth. Many Japanese yelpers express that the reason California(Sawtelle Blvd) ramen is so much better than LV ramen is because the California places use this style of cooking. The cook and owner has been the force behind many of the popular ramen-yas in Los Angeles. He was the man responsible for the recipes which have now achieved notoriety, the same recipes from the LA ramen-yas that attended this years Ramen festival at the Rio Casino. 

The signature dish at RAMEN TATSU is the Shoyu-Tonkotsu fusion. This variation of ramen has become increasingly popular in modern day Japan. It's origins stem from the Kobe area, where it has become a new subregional variation of ramen. On account of the fact that Wayne is from Kobe, he has many years of experience preparing this subregional variation.  The recipe at TATSU remains unchanged from the recipe from Kobe while Monta's Shoyu-Tonkotsu is not the authentic recipe, instead it is merely an invention of the Kurume cook(who is now a Brazilian dude), who mixes his Kyushu broth with a generic nonaffiliated shoyu broth. What I am expressing is that RAMEN TATSU has the only authentic Shoyu-Tonkotsu in LV. And, this is the item you should order during your next visit.  

The Curry- During your next visit at RAMEN TATSU, you should not neglect the Japanese Curry. TATSU uses their own secret recipe which facilities a unique taste which upon my assessment is superior to CoCo Ichinbanya and Kaba Curry. In a demonstration of unique cooking styles, the Chicken broth from the ramen is used as the backing for the curry. Wayne's own particular Gram Masala is then instilled into the broth, and combined with three different types of vegetables. The resulting product is curry that is as addictive as Mr. Zenbayashi's recipe. And during a recent conversation with Mr. Zenbayashi, even he verbally approved of Wayne's recipe. That is a major compliment coming from the man who runs the highest rated Curry-Ya in yelp history. 

They also have Shio Ramen which is great for older Japanese folks. A lot of older Japanese people like my Dad refuse to eat Tonkotsu and Miso Ramen, and eat nothing but Shio. 

I will argue that RAMEN TATSU is the most authentic Japanese Ramen-Ya in America. It remains true to the regional recipes in Japan, and the owner refuses to submit to western pressures to "Americanize" his recipes(as you can see, many of the negative reviews are due to the fact that the recipe is not americanized). For example, Wayne recently terminated contracts with noodle suppliers because he felt they were not completely authentic to Japanese standards. For the last few weeks, several Japanese noodle companies have been competing for the contract, while Wayne assesses and samples them all to determine which is the most appropriate. The whole reason that Tsukemen is no longer on the menu is because Wayne demanded his distributors send noodles which were 100% authentic to the dish and made in Japan. He would not accept anything lower, and would NEVER serve an item that wasn't 100% authentic to the traditional Japanese recipe. Tsukemen will return shortly from my understanding. This establishment represents the Japanese culture very proudly and will not give into the pressures to westernize the menu. This is the reason there is no Togarashi. This is the reason there is no Srirachi. This is the reason why there is no cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon. Just like the owner of Kabuto, Wayne won't breech protocol which was established in Japan by the Japanese, for the Japanese. And I respect him a lot for this. Complaining that there is no  Shichimi Togarashi at a ramen-ya is like bitching to the chef at Kabuto about why there is no California rolls while you soak your chutoro nigiri in a mixture of shoyu and wasabi that you plan on eating with a fork. I have to say that I vouch for RAMEN TATSU and encourage all the Japanese-American residents of LV to support this business. 

Just a final note- The music they play here is the theme music to the Final Fantasy games, and old school anime like Cutey Honey, Candy Candy, and the Miyazaki films
Overall a good bowl of ramen- hard to compare to the other ramen places, although it did need a touch more salt.. The portion siZe was not big enough for my husband though so we had to order a side of gyoza- they have Purified Water which I really liked cause it didn't have that bad metal taste! bomb water! The atmosphere and service was very nice and friendly although I think that they are still in training a bit-- no problems though-- 
I'd go back if I were in the mood and in the area--
I was disheartened when the restaurant shuttered a few months back, but ecstatic when it reopened.  I am one of those that miss the tsukemen - it was truly a great ramen that can't be found elsewhere in the city.  I felt that it was better than the "dip ramen" you get at Ikemen in California.   If Tetsuro P. is correct, I'll be the first in line to try it again once the noodle issue gets sorted out.

My family and I have been getting our ramen fix near weekly since this place opened (and reopened).  The service is always spot on and cordial, and the food is consistently very good. I've always felt that consistency is an issue with many restaurants - not just ramen-ya.  This is what keeps us coming back week after week.  We know what we're getting, and it's a guaranteed satisfying meal.  Lately we've been getting the tonkotsu shoyu ramen, the katsu curry, and fried rice.  All very good and not salty like some ramen around town can be.  The curry is not overly sweet and reinforced by some nice pieces of pork and makes for a hearty dish with or without any katsu. One small criticism about the house specialty ramen is I feel that the abundance of cabbage in the bowl takes away from some of the subtle flavors of the broth. Easy enough not to eat the cabbage.

Don't expect Monta or Sora when you come here.  If you do, you should just go to those places.  Do expect good food, good service, and a pleasant atmosphere.
I love ramen tatsu. Should be called ramen tasty lol. Spicy miso ramen extra spicy is amazing. The owners Are amazingly nice and respectful, all staff was great and friendly. Don't think many people know of this place, but if they gave it a shot they wouldn't regret it. God knows I didn't!  Love this place.
I had miso ramen, my cohort had shio ramen. I also ordered karrage chicken and gyoza. 
I was in my ramen happy place. My partner not so much. Shio tasted off to her and she felt it had too much oil floating on top. I gave her the rest of my broth for her noodles she liked that much better. Service was great. Need more non-caffine drink offerings as a suggestion. Coconut water ect.
Came in here to try tsukemen for the first time with K.O. Saw a episode of mind of a chef where David Chang goes to Japan to each a lot of ramen and tsukemen being one of them. 

So when we got in we noticed tsukemen wasn't anywhere on the menu. The waitress told us that when they received the noodles for the tsukemen it was the wrong kind and will be another month of so till they the new noodles. Not sure what rake so long to get different noodles. 

So we decided to just try the regular ramen and it was full of disappointment. May have been the worst ramen I had. 

We ordered the smoked chasu to share and I got the Tonkatsu shoyu ramen with garlic chip and egg add-ons. 

Smoked chasu was very flavorful and delicious. Meat quality was decent and the spicy sauce and the garlic on the side was a nice addition. Now on to the ramen. 

The broth - very light, kind of bland, and had a weird aftertaste. 

Noodles -  wasn't bad, wasn't great. I prefer the thinner noodles for Tonkatsu shoyu normally but decided to try it with thick since that is what they normally serve with this ramen

Chasu - the chasu in the ramen is of worse quality than the smoked chasu. It is probably some of the worst chasu I have had in ramen. Just looking at it you can tell the meat is of subpar quality. 

Garlic chips - I liked the crunchiness of the chips, but seemed a little overcooked to me. 

Service was good though and the workers were very friendly and that's the reason for the 2 stars.
First off, we struggled to find this place at night.  That store sign is very difficult to read. Or we are just blind.

Place is very lovely looking and decorated to suit the theme.  Very similar to the other ramen houses.  Not too packed on a Saturday night.  Menu had several choices, but tonight we were aiming for spicy.  My friend got the spicy miso and a extra spicy for myself.  *Nice little check-in bonus (1 free drink).  Now the only complaint I have is that we have to add toppings?  I was a little confused since the description for my miso said ground beef.. So I added chashu.  My ramen obviously became expensive now.. Extra cost for extra spicy and chashu.  This bowl of soup better be worth it. 

After several slurps, the spiciness  began to kick in.  Very good tasting broth, but I did not feel like it was anything special.  The spiciness was only a tad more than the regular.  The thick noodles were a nice change since we are used to getting thin types at the other places.

Service was excellent since our waitress was consistently coming around to see if we were doing okay.  

Overall, this place is not bad in my book.  It just that there are plenty of ramen houses in this area.
I read about Ramen Tatsu in today's Review Journal, in Wednesday's "Taste" section. I'd been craving some authentic Japanese ramen for a few days, so Mark and I thought we'd give it a try. I was really looking forward to the tonkotsu ramen. Tonkotsu is a pork based broth that is very time-consuming to make; the southern Japanese island of Kyushu is probably the capital of tonkotsu ramen, and I've had the real thing many times.

Chef Wayne Kageyama's tonkotsu did not disappoint; it was not as rich as the shiru (soup) that I became accustomed to in Fukuoka, and it had a decidedly smoky flavor that I didn't expect but was most pleasantly surprised by. The tonkotsu ramen was the only menu choice to offer the thin noodles that I prefer, and the smokiness of the broth was an excellent foil for the kimchi that I ordered extra as a topping. The very generous portion quite sated me; I had no reason or desire to order extra noodles or soup.

Mark ordered the shoyu ramen, which came with the thick noodles. The garlic chips that he ordered were a little overpowering, but the broth was delicate and not too salty at all.

We ordered a side of gyoza (better known to Americans as "pot stickers") and a side of takoyaki - small dough balls filled with pieces of octopus and topped, usually, with a sweet teriyaki type sauce, Japanese mayonnaise and shredded or powdered nori. 

The gyoza were delightful; well-stuffed, fried perfectly and then quickly steamed in the pan to offer a contrast of crunch and chew. They brought back fond memories of sake-soaked late nights in mom-and-pop shops that abound in the back alleys of Osaka, trying to stave off the next morning's inevitable hangover, heh heh. 

Osaka is famous for takoyaki, and unfortunately I found Tatsu's to be a small disappointment in an otherwise exceptional and very authentic meal. There was not enough octopus, and the the sauce that topped them off was almost sweet enough to make them a dessert. I must admit though, I did eat all of them!

I highly recommend this comfortable and clean restaurant for an authentic and reasonably priced adventure into Japanese cuisine. Chef Kageyama is very affable; the staff, who are all Japanese, are pleasant and efficient, and more than willing to overlook the errors in my Japanese, which has become a bit rusty of late.

The restaurant is located in a strip mall on the east side of South Jones, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn; parking is not a problem. Beer (served ice-cold), wine, and hot and cold sake are available. Major credit cards are accepted. Dessert is conspicuously absent from the menu, but there IS a Baskin-Robbins right across the street, should you feel the need for something sweet afterward. If this review convinces you to try Ramen Tatsu out, please give a "hello" to chef Kageyama from me -the "gaijin" from Osaka!
It was my first time dining here and I'm quiet surprised that we have a good ramen in vegas. I saw the review on yelp, the rating isn't that good, but thought of giving it a try and I was satisfied with the food. I ordered tonkotsu shoyu ramen. The broth and the noodle was delicious. I emptied my entire bowl without anything left. I definitely will come back again.
This was a glorious and unexpected experience. The broth was so rich and made me a ramen fan. They had copious and flavorful side dishes like chicken kaarage and fried rice. I stuffed myself and felt glorious afterward. I definitely will make a point to come back the next time I am in town.
While on our way to the Chinese noodle place next door, we noticed Tatsu. Seeing no one inside, we decided to venture in, as it had been a while since we've had ramen. Our last attempt at a different spot was foiled with long lines and limited seating. Tatsu is nicely decorated and had ample seating.

The waitress who greeted us was extremely friendly, and taught my kids different Japanese words and phrases. The menu is simple and straightforward--ramen, appetizers, and katsu curry. Our party of nine ordered several selections of ramen, karage, gyoza, and tonkatsu curry. I ordered the deluxe. Everyone seemed pleased with their meals. The spicy had a good amount of flavor and spice. The chasiu was flavorful and the right amount. Next time I would probably hold the cabbage.

Good experience. We will definitely return.
This is a fabulous authentic Ramen restaurant. I have searched all over the US since my time as a student in Japan 20 years ago but never found anything that has come as close as this. The Shio Ramen was light and flavorful. The Tako Yaki reminded me of summer festival street stalls. The curry rice was delicious. I will come back here the next time in Vegas over any over priced fancy Japanese food establishment on the Strip.
My wife(Japanese)  wanted to get some ramen and we remembered a review in the
newspaper. We decided to give the Ramen Tatsu a try. It is a very simple restaurant and the workers were Japanese. We were very happy to find the ramen was excellent and the price was right. I had the curry and my wife had the special. The broth was rich, the pork tender, and the noodles cooked correctly. We will be back.
The decor was nice n modern,place was not busy at all....only had one customer other than my hub n I....we came on Friday  lunch time around noon. Service was good. But was very disappointed in the ramen....taste of broth was just ok..I ...nothing special. I ordered spicy miso n my hub ordered the reg miso ramen.
Spicy  Miso ramen only came w/ small bits of meat n green onions.... Where is the charsu? Most places already includes couple peices of charsu and other veg....I didn't realize I had to order on side.... Anyway, i think I will try other ramen places before coming back.
Tatsu Ramien was an excellent experience. The ambiance reminded me of Ramen Houses in Northern Japan. The staff is friendly, accommodating, and allowed me to knock the dust off of my conversational Japanese. 
The ramen was good to include the broth. I agree with most of the other reviews about the with of noodles. Make sure to specify the thickness you desire.  My wife and I found the "wide noodle" described on the menu not to be so "wide."  All of the menu choices for the night was well worth it and was served promptly, still hot, and with the friendlyness that we have grown accustomed to while in Japan.  
My wife and I enjoyed the meal with another couple. The total bill was under $70 dollars and we did not skimp on side dishes. We were all satiated, full, and satisfied. 
The environment can accommodate both quick meals for singular people as well as groups. I would also feel comfortable taking my children to the restaurant. 
Tatsu gets our "enthusiastic thums up."  Go check it out for yourselves!
I ordered the Shoyu ramen. It was delicious.   The noodle texture was just right. It was very clean inside the restaurant. The server had good customer service. I liked the atmosphere and design inside the restaurant. The only thing I really wanted was to have a bit more noodles in my ramen without having to pay extra. Overall a great experience.
My favorite spot for Ramen !!! You need to try this place !!. Great food, service, music and atmosphere.
Had dinner here, it was ok, nothing special about it, but the food was not bad also. would i come back here? I probably will, if there was no other option. Their food is not really something i would crave, I definitely have been to much better ramen places, but if those are full, this place will do.
Ramen is amazing. Tonkatsu ramen...YUMMY!!  Always add an egg...they cook it perfectly!  Love their fried rice  and had the tonkatsu cutlet for the first time...literally the best I've had.  Good sauce on the side and a great cabbage salad too!  Comes with the tonkatsu!  Come try it. Great prices...good people!
Great ramen, great gyoza, and fried rice was made me feel like go back Japan ! Waitress Emika was so great service and attentive ! Cute nice girl. Owner was very young nice dude also! I highly recomemded this ramen shop!!!!
decide to come here after reading the reviews. place is very clean and staff is friendly. as for the food... eh. I got the deluxe and my friend had the spicy miso. the broth was just okay. it lacked depth and a bit of flavor. ramen does come with excess amount of chirasu and other things to fill up the bowl. the thick noodle was let anything memorable. also ordered goyza and kiraage. goyza was whatevers but kiraage was above average. not too crispy and very juicy inside. I wanted to try the fried rice based on the reviews but didn't have room for it. overall, I don't know if I would come back here. I still prefer ramen sora as my number 1 ramen place followed by Monta ramen. it wasn't bad but not really worth going back.
The tsukemen noodle was too fishy for my liking. I know the original tsukemen noodles from Japan are fishy but I can't be too angry considering on the menu it did say fish broth. I prefer my tuskemen noodles with a perfect balance of sweet, fishy, brothy but possibly other people may like the super Fishy taste. I know from experience that tsukemen is different for everyone so that is why I am not giving them a 1 star review. Service was good from this place.
Came here to try the tsukemen ramen and I loved it! Fishy, salty, intense broth to dip your thick ramen noodles in! It was my first time trying this type of ramen since I've already tried all the other ramen places in town (Monta, Sora) and I would definitely come back to have tsukemen again! They have the regular order for $10.77 and a double noodle order for $12.77. I got the regular order and when I finished my noodles and still had plenty of broth left I regretted not doing the double noodles order :( the broth was so good, I really wanted to sip on it but alas it's too salty without the noodles.  The charsiu that accompanied it was soft and delicious.

We also ordered the kaarage and it was seasoned just right, crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. The mister had the miso ramen with butter and he devoured his bowl. He also complimented on how great the charsiu was! He also finished the broth in his bowl so that says something since he's normally not a soup person!

They also serve green tea (iced or hot), that does not come out of a can and you get free refills.

Overall we had a great lunch! Would definitely return!
didnt really dine-in, but we did a take out coz hubby was tired. the food wasnt to bad. compared to ramen sora, tatsu's miso soup has more flavor and when you ask for spicy, man is it spicy...flavor spicy, how i like it... not Hot spicy. i cannt remeber what else i ordered but other than that its a kute place to go.
I love this place! The tonkotsu shoyu ramen is damn good! The service is awesome and quick! I go here everytime I want ramen! Must go!
So, I was a bit depressed that Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is not open on Sunday.  After filling up the gullet at HK Star on Mothers Day, I wanted to get some tonkatsu for the mother in laws to have at her place for dinner.  So I was calling in an order and realized that they were closed on Sundays.

As I was planning to pick up some to go items from Asian BBQ and Noodles, I saw that Ramen Tatsu sign advertising tonkatsu so I decided to give this place a shot:

a.  Where is everyone?  On a prime mothers day Sunday at lunch, the place had, three people.  

b.  Take out - I was ordering take out, so I decided to forego any noodles and went for tonkatsu, tonkatsu with curry and an order of fried rice.

- Fried Rice - Very tasty, a nice firm consistency with great taste and plenty of small bits of meat.  I enjoyed this very much.  Not sure what was all in it as I just ate it all .  Yeah, I did give some to the mother in law, but took some home too.....

- Tonkatsu with Curry - Since this was take away, the tonkatsu was packed separately of the curry.  The tonkatsu was decent, no real wow factor for me, yet it was very edible.  Just not memorable.  the curry is pretty tasty. I like the dark color and the richness of the curry.  There was no veggies in it like carrots or potatoes to give the curry a bit of flavor and excitement.  It was just curry.

The food as I said was decent, just not anything memorable. The packaging of the take out was good, separating the curry from everything, but the presentation inside the boxes were a bit minimal.  In fact, if anything, the servings were a bit on the small side.

The service is five star!  The waitress was very pleasant and gave me a glass of water while I waited.   I definitely will be coming back soon to try their ramen and other dishes. I like the fact that it is not too busy but I am bit concerned that they are not too busy either.

GK says try this place out, it is authentic and dry nice.  I just have to try a bit more of the food to tie this a 4 star or more...
The soup just too salty.    When I complained to the server about that.   They said if u wanna add some soup   U gonna pay $1.50.  WTF.  NEVER COME BACK
Not a long wait like monta!!

My friend and i decided to check out a ramen place we havent gone to in vegas before heading home.

This place didnt have a wait and we were seated right away. 

Their menu is pretty simple-  ramen choices, some appetizers and rice plates.

The 3 stars is purely for the one of the better curry's i've had. The curry almost reminds me of this meat sauce but curry flavored! They have ground meat in the curry that adds more texture and flavor to the rice plate. 

The ramens were so-so. Soup base is definitely better at monta imo, but if you're hungry and hungover for some soup and dont want to tolerate the long wait at monta, this place might be a good idea.
Nice little ramen joint that is kind of hidden. Definitely an enjoyable atmosphere. They had a nice soundtrack and ambience with a quiet atmosphere. They don't serve fountain drinks here, we were given our drinks in a can, so that was a bit of a turn off, but obviously nothing that would make me not want to eat at a place (haha).  I ordered the shoyu ramen and a side order of Katsu. Both of them were great and definitely worth the try. The portions were very good and I left there full. The other 2 in my party struggled to finish, so that's a great sign on my opinion. The ramen was very well priced and so were all of the sides. I will definitely be stopping in for a bowl of ramen again, I'm interested in the other options.
I had high hopes for this joint, but fell short a bit...

Upon entering you may think looks similar to *onta, that's cuz the same contractor built it!  Ambiance looks good, smells good, tastes good, but needs a bit of color or pizazzz in the bowl.  I just don't feel the magic...  The green onions were the only vibrant add on in my spicy tonkatsu ramen.  The broth itself was good n porky, habanero infusion adds a kick to the tastebuds!  When it comes to any Japanese cuisine, I have come to expect the visual sensations as well as the palate sensations to come together in a harmonious combination of flavor and flair.  I know....sounds like a food snob but truth be told!  Imagine a California roll with no red crab, no green avo, just white rice n black seaweed, still look appetizing?  Back to the ramen, maybe add some red daikon? Shredded carrot? Cucumber leaf?  Fish cake swirly thing? An habanero slice? (no seeds!)  I'm no chef, but I know what looks and tastes good!  Ima give em another shot but on to the next...  *iromaru here I come

Try every Ramen joint in Vegas? 

Challenge accepted!!!!

Tanoshimu!
Pretty good experience at ramen tatsu. If you don't want to wait Monta, this could be an option. It's not quite up to par with Monta's chashu but everything else is pretty close. I'm also pretty sure they use the same distributor for their noodles as Monta. Overall I give this place 4 stars, which in my book is still pretty good!
We came here because Tatsu was recommended by our friend and also because they have takoyaki on the menu, which I've been craving ever since I've been to Japan. My husband ordered the Deluxe ramen which is humongous, you better be really hungry. It has a tonkotsu - shoyu broth and is loaded with lots of veggies. I ordered the Spicy tonkotsu ramen which has a habanero spice. It had a really good flavor but not spicy at all to me though, so I'd probably get extra spicy next time. I asked them for thick noodles instead of the thin ones it normally comes with which I liked. The Chasiu meat is so soft and tender, melts in your mouth and is one of my favorite chasiu in town. They also have happy hour prices for appetizers from 3-6pm. The Gyoza was good but the takoyaki was blah. I couldn't even taste or see any octopus meat in it. Other than that the ramen was very delicious and our server was cheerful and friendly.
Do they have Tsukemen? Is it good? Are other items good too?

Yes, Yes and Yes.

Tatsu is totally underrated. They deserve way better rating than 3.5 - thus 5 stars to help bump up the rating.

To me, Tatsu comes close to Monta, Sora and Fukumimi (and Shoku, for that matter), if not better. And so far, tsukemen (with authentic, special thick noodle!) is only available at Tatsu (except Hiromaru but don't count).

If you haven't, try the deluxe ramen - it's a tasting menu for their ramen. Also, fried rice and gyoza are pretty good too.

If you tried a long ago before the ownership fuss, give them a second chance.

My wife has more unforgiving tastes than myself (looking at you, Guy Savoy), but she approves Tatsu too. Consider this review two votes.

We want good restaurants to stay.
I love this place. along with all of my family and friends. this is our go to place. Love the music. Love the vibe. its so nicely decorated as well. the owners are awesome! love ramen tatsu!
Food is good... Price is good.... 
Portion is good...
If you want to have large bowl, you can choose deluxe....
Oddly enough, the husband and I were craving ramen on a hot, humid day in Vegas. We usually go to Ramen Sora, but decided to check out a different place this time around. Decided on Ramen Tatsu over Hiromaru, since "fusion ramen" sounded too weird and complicated. They are located right across the street from 168 Market. I don't like this plaza at all. It feels too crowded and the parking is retarded. Hard to explain, but you will know what I'm talking about when you go there. 

They were pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon, but we were able to get seated right away. Our server was polite and friendly. I felt that she handled servicing all the customers very well by herself, including the couple sitting next to us. They were flagging her down for every little thing and asking a lot of questions (yeah, they were one of those). I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and a mini curry bowl. The broth for the Shoyu Ramen had a good flavor, not too rich but also not bland. I felt that there were a good amount of noodles. The curry was great! NO VEGGIES, and I believe the meat they used in it was pork. Definitely my kind of curry! It wasn't watery and tasted very good. I'm not sure who the owners are, but this place looks and feels like an authentic Japanese restaurant. My husband liked it as well, despite being located in 
a kind of run down plaza. Small price to pay for good food I guess.

I strongly believe Ramen Tatsu deserves a much higher rating!! They have excellent ramen and curry, so I will definitely be back soon!
Love that it is hidden away from the other ramen houses on spring mountain. Food is tasty,  I like the shoyu broth but have also enjoyed miso. My son loves the curry,  has good flavor just no potatoes with it.  Doesn't stop him from ordering it everytime. Prices are great, doesn't hurt your pocket.  Atmosphere is nice and cozy,  small like other ramen spots but never crowded when we come so not stuffy.
New ramen place in town located at the same plaza as Kihn Do and HK Seafood Garden. Thanks God that it's not quite the same as the other ramen places in town. They specialized only in Miso Ramen. No Tonkotsu or Shio Ramen. 

The restaurant has signs everywhere that telling you about how healthy their miso ramen is. Their wall and menu have information about the benefit of miso.

Each table has calories comparison of burger, tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen. Based on their note, a basic miso ramen only has 600 calories.

Misoya Tomi is located around the world. Other than U.S.A and Japan, they also have a location in Taiwan, Brazil, Thailand, and Canada. Although, the owner told me that they are not a franchise and not all of the Misoya own by the same owner. 

Their basic miso flavors are mild Kome Miso (Hokkaido Style), sweet Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style), and bitter Mame Miso (Nagoya Style).

Cha-Shu Kome Miso has fried potato, Cha-Shu Shiro Miso has fried tofu, and Cha-Shu Mame Miso has Ebi Fry (Fried Shrimp).

Their Chasu has a very mild flavor. Chasu has been slow roasted in the oven and grilled before serving. I like the thickness, texture and the tenderness of the Chasu. Flavor wise, maybe not as rich as the other tonkotsu ramen place, but it also has less fat and feels a tad more healthier. 

One thing that I noticed about their ramen, this is the first Japanese ramen place that 
I didn't end up feeling thirsty after eating ramen. Most of other ramen places in town always make me feel very thirsty. I'm not sure if that's because of the salt or the MSG. 
I actually feel good and satisfied with their miso ramen.  

Their price is a little bit more expensive compares with Sora or Monta. 

They also have a Japanese menu hanging down from the bar area kind of like Ichiza style . But it's all in Kanji, so I have no idea what they say.

There is a complimentary lychee sorbet after I finish my ramen. It actually pretty tasty, it has an actual lychee in it. Even though its rather small, but still a nice way to cleanse my palate. 

I also got a point card, a free gyoza for every 5 ramen. I'll be back to try their other miso ramen.
Visited today (5/11/14) and I am not sure if I like this place. They just opened so I guess I just have to come back later and give this place another try.

ATMOSPHERE
Very spacious and this place really reminded me of traditional Japanese teisyoku restaurant. I felt like I was in Japan! Yellow papers above the counters are decoration for now but I believe they are going to be added to the menu later (Some paper said kimchi ramen, spicy ramen, katsudon, etc. Can't wait to try those!)

SERVICE
They just opened so I understand that they are still lost on some part but 3 ramen that my group ordered took over 20 minutes. Kitchen people looked frustrated and was giving off a negative vibe/attitude. They gave us a small side dish as an apology for the long wait. Seemed like all of the tables waited over 20/30 mins for theirs too. Need some patience if you are coming here.

RAMEN
They offer 3 different broth. Hokkaido style, Nagoya style and Kyoto style. My group each ordered different broth and we all agreed that Hokkaido style is the best. FYI Kyoto style (shiro) is sweet. I personally liked Hokkaido and Nagoya style.

After choosing your broth, you choose the topping. Chashu seems to be the most popular but they also have Yasai (vegetables) for a healthier option. Besides those, you can add toppings like corn, egg, potato, etc. So many options to choose from!

I ordered the karaage ramen because I never had anything like that. Karaage is usually an appetizer so I thought combining that with ramen is an interesting combination. Turns out, it was too oily for me. It came with 3 pieces of karaage, a fried shrimp, ground beef and lots of bean sprouts. It's so oily that you can see a layer of oil on the soup. 

DESSERT
They gave us a lychee ice cream at the end. It was so refreshing after the oily ramen I had. Loved it.

CONCLUSION
Not a fan, yet. I just have to come back later to give it another try. When we left the store, one of the server came outside and apologized for the long wait. I thought it was really nice, not because she apologized for the wait but because it's the type of customer service you get in Japan but you rarely get here in U.S. It just shows they truly care about their business and are still improving.
This new ramen joint is another one of those that recently opened up on spring mountain rd by china town. They are specialized in miso flavored ramen and you get to choose from 3 different types. Have tried all 3. My favorite will be the shiro miso. 

The atmosphere reminds me of the ramen shops in japan. Nothing fancy but relaxing. They have an open kitchen which to me is always a plus cuz you get to watch the chefs prepare your food. 

Tried their side dishes as well such as gyoza dumplings and fried chicken. Decent. Their chashu pork is awesome too. Very thick and flavorful. The only thing negative or I should say my recommendation will be to have them try making the soup more hot. It's all preference but I just like my ramen to be super hot but overall, fantastic. I'll definitely come back again.
My ramen was ok but my wife's ramen was served warm, not hot as any ramen should be so she complained. The japanese server was very apologetic, she even followed us outside after paying to apologize again. Perhaps they are trying hard to improve.
Best ramen place in Vegas, very healthy, authentic and great service.  Their Cha-shu come with 3 thick slices and juicy. Must try.  Noodle is also thicker than most ramen places,  soup is all natural flavor of miso, not salty just right,  you don't get so thirsty.  Highly recommended who wants to try a real Japanese miso ramen.
For those that find Monta salty and crave for the chewier noodles and miso flavors of Sora, Misoya might be your happy medium.  The place is stark, white, yellow and clean.  I wish they had painted the walls a different color to give the place a little more warmth.   The service is very friendly, but make sure you are very clear about your orders or you will get lost in translation.  We asked for a to-go box for the rice and got a rice bowl meal instead.  

We ordered the chasu Shiro and chasu Kome ramen.  I read on a review here that the Shiro broth had sweeter flavors and hubby liked that.  The Kome broth is less rich than Monta and Sora, I missed the oilier broth that chills in the refrigerator into a gelatinous form (not this one, perhaps there is more miso than bones as base).  Also, there are healthier topping options here.  On the Shiro bowl there was corn, tofu, potato, salad greens.  On the Kome were corn, bean sprouts, cabbage, salad greens.  Personally, I didn't really care for the greens (but they made the bowl look pretty). The ground beef that came with both bowls were very tasty, I actually enjoyed it a lot more than their chasu.... Which was a shame because their chasu cuts were exceptional - thick, meaty with only a sliver of fat and grilled, so it had a nice smoky favor.  Problem is it was bland.  It was, huhu.  I wish they would marinate this more and it would be the bomb.  

The gyoza was standard, nothing memorable.  We also ordered the Japanese style chicken karaage which was served with sauced grated radish and green onions.  This unfortunately was a miss for us.  It was very bland and the toppings made the chicken soggy.  We never leave karaage on our plates and we could not finish this one.  Sniff.  Thank goodness a delightful free surprise came in the end of our meal - yuzu sorbet!  YUM.  This is not as sour as most sorbets I've tried and it was a perfect ending to a heavy ramen meal.  If we weren't so full we would've ordered more.  I wanted a whole shake of this!

All in all, we left Misoya quite happy with the ramen we had.  We just asked for spicy miso paste and slathered some on our chasu and all was good.  Would we go back?  Their yuzu sorbet will be haunting me for a few more days, but I think I'll revert back to Monta for my ramen fix.  If you find Monta too salty and oily, then you will most likely be camping happily here at Misoyasplease.
Back when we lived in Silicon Valley, my wife really liked Misoya in Santa Clara. In fact, their miso ramen was her favorite.

So... we were excited to hear that Misoya now has a location here in Vegas! We had shiro miso and kome miso, and those bowls of ramen didn't disappoint.

The most notable item: Chashu. Their char flavored chashu is the best!
A interesting take on Ramen, glad I have a chance to experience it in the Beginning! So why the 5? Because for once I feel full off of eating just the bowl of Ramen! Usually I give 4, because it's not hard to mess up Ramen *cough* (Hiromaru) :: 
I like the flavor and the noodle type! 
Waitress was super attentative, you can tell she likes to work:
Cute little ramen place that just opened not too long ago. My friend and I were looking for a ramen place that was open late because our usual spots were already closed. During the weekdays they close at midnight and the weekends at 2 am. Service was really quick considering it was only us and one other person there. Our waitress was super nice. Portions are a little bigger than what I'm used to, but their prices are also a little higher than most ramen places I've been to. We also received free lychee sorbert which was really yummy! Can't wait to come back :) They also have a stamp card.
A little different from the other Ramen Shops in town. In a good way. The restaurant is bright and simply decorated, but comfortable. 

My boyfriend chose the Shiro Miso Chasu, and I got the Spicy Shiro Miso. The spicy was not particularly spicy to me, but it was flavorful, and sweeter than I expected. Lots of greens and veggies in the bowl, which I liked. I wasn't a big fan of the chasu though, as it was grilled, and not tender, the way  I like. I'll probably get the one with just vegetables next time. 

It was a little more expensive than other places, but the portions were HUGE, so I can't complain. 

Also, the complimentary lychee sorbet was the perfect way to finish a meal. I'll be coming back to try the Kome and Mame styles.
I have mixed reviews about this new ramen joint in town.  Although the service was excellent and the presentation of the food was very nice, the time (15 minutes wait) it took to prepare the food was not so good.  I ordered their cha-shu kome miso ramen and you can tell they really took their time to prepare it.  The char shu was grilled perfectly. The miso broth was okay but the addition of a couple of soggy french fries to the miso broth was a little weird to me.  I also think it's a little pricey for what you get, but luckily their special right now is extra ramen ($1.25 value) for free.  I also ordered their fried rice and this was a big disappointment.  The fried rice was so basic with just scrambled eggs in it.  Definitely not worth the $5.  Not sure if I would go back to try anything else.
Even if you aren't a huge fan of miso, don't be afraid to give this place a try! I like miso soup, but I usually don't like miso anything else, so I was apprehensive. But I ordered the cha shu Kome/Hokkaido style ramen and really enjoyed it!

It came with 3 large pieces of cha shu, bean sprouts, cabbage, ground pork, corn, fried potato and bamboo shoots. The noodles had an al dente texture. I didn't add anything extra and it was very filling! We also got a side of fried rice - I liked it, but my husband prefers the drier style of fried rice. The complimentary lychee sorbet was a great end to the meal! 

Service was on point - the staff was friendly and attentive. 

This style of ramen is definitely different from Monta or Ramen Sora, but worth a try!
I have tried just about every Ramen spot in town and this place is my new favorite! I had the Shiro ramen and had some added toppings. I can't express how amazingly perfect the chashu was. So thick and i like the way they grill it. The fried rice was excellent as well. The cheese gyoza was a unique awesome side dish. And the service was as good as it gets, extremely attentive and willing to help us first timers. All in all this place and Fukumimi are the best ramen spots in town hands down!
The best Ramen in Vegas hands down.  

I've had all 3 - Kome, Shiro, and Mame and they are all good.  They are all Miso based and stocked with tons of veggies and al dente noodles.   The cha shu pieces were big, grilled, and very tasty.

They have free wifi, service is exceptional, and the ramen is levels ahead of all the competitors and i've pretty much been to every Vegas ramen shop.  They specialize in Miso and offers ramen specialties unlike any of its competitors.

With the ramen expansion/over saturation over the course of recent  years, i hope this place blows up.  It deserves your business.   As mentioned, stay away from the fried rice.  Stick to the Ramens - I rank them in the same order as it appears in the menu:  Kome, Shiro, Mame but they are all awesome!
I generally prefer tonkatsu broth because it's fattier and I love anything with lots of fat content, but this ramen is better than the miso based broths at the other ramen locations.  I tried the Kome and Mame and I favor the Mame broth flavor over the Kome.  There were some weird notes that keep it from being a 5 star rating, the Kome comes with fried potato...which was just french fries thrown into the broth.  I was expecting a potato croquette or something a little more Japanese.  Also, in terms of the greens...I much prefer green onions over spring mix tossed on top.  Soggy salad really doesn't taste too appetizing.  I noticed in the pictures...other people had green onions and not random spring mix.  Perhaps it was the time of day....but I'm willing to give this place another chance and hope it's not quite as odd the 2nd time around.  However, the noodles here are my favorite out of all the ramen locations.  They are thick and chewy and cooked al dente.  The chashu I wish was a little more flavorful, but it was a good ratio of meat to fat.  The Mame was my favorite since it came with a legit shrimp tempura and the broth seemed richer in flavor than the Kome.  We also tried the karaage, but it seemed a little oily and the coating wasn't as crispy as I like.  They do end the meal on a very good note, we were given free yuzu sorbet.  The sorbet was light and refreshing....I would probably order this if it was on the menu!  They also have a stamp card, so if you eat enough bowls you get free gyoza =)
Haven't had a great miso ramen like this in a long time.   Finally a place that serves good basic ramen.   Wished they served shoyu and shio flavor too.  There are plenty of tonkotsu soup base ramen house in town. As far as miso is concerned I think Misoya is the best in town.
Best ramen in town! It's simple and quaint, it resembles a traditional Japanese ramen shop. The most important aspect of this place isn't just the flavor of the ramen's itself but it's service. The staff are so warm and hospitable, very reflective of the culture. Please keep in mind they emphasize on Miso base ramen. The menu is divided into three sections Miso ramen from Hokkaido up north (sweet, full bodied) and Nagaya ramen from south (bitter taste) and of also course Shiro miso. They will bring out an special appetizer menu that varies from month to month. What is unique about the menu is that they have a section displaying all the health benefits of ramen which I find to be pretty Awesome! One bowl of ramen is between 700-900 calories, I can deal with that :-) I ordered the spicy miso ramen (Hokkaido) with a request for extra corn. You have the option to add additional toppings. My friend had the Chasu ramen (Hokkaido). Also, we tried the special karage fried chicken, it was a little too greasy but great in flavor. Both soup flavors were amazing, I enjoyed slurping my freshly cooked ramen. Did I mention while we slurped away, we all cheered on the World Cup game, what a great time! At the end the server and owner gave us complimentary gelato, what a nice touch. I really was surprised by their level of service, worth the trip alone!
This was my first time going to a Ramen house, but I was lucky enough to have a Japanese friend with me. 

Do not be afraid to explore this place on your own. Use these tips.  

The menu is broken down into 3 parts...Each with a slightly different broth from different regions in Japan.
1. Left side is Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) - full-bodied broth 
2. Center is Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style) - fruity and natural
3. Right side is Mame Miso (Nagoya Style) - bitter finish

You can order from any pre-fixed menu item and then add many toppings as you like. 

I ordered the Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) #4 Spicy Ramen and it was good. I loved the pork in it. For spicy ramen, it was pretty mild and I wish I would have gotten the extra spicy add on. I did get the fried chicken and fried shrimp add on, and both were delicious!  I highly suggest to add the chicken to any dish you get.  

So, don't be afraid to come here. They speak English and the menu is in English too!  Use the tips I gave you and go for it!!It's worth trying!!
Their version of miso ramen is so distinct from all the other miso ramen offerings around town!  

It has a truly complex miso flavor, complete with various sweet, savory, almost funky (in a good way!) fermented undertones.  The noodles are thick and tasty with a great bite to them.  The chashu slices were grilled, which lent a nice savory charred flavor to the dish.  

This place is probably as good as it gets in terms of miso ramen, and I'd definitely come back.  Plus, there's complimentary lychee sorbet for dessert (not sure if this is just a grand opening thing) along with a stamp card for free gyoza after 5 visits!
This restaurant is still a hidden gem and a great alternative if you do not want to wait in line at Monta Ramen.  But Monta Ramen is still some of the best ramen I have ever had in my life.  

The ramen here is nothing special and as you eat it may slowly start to taste bland but this is still better than any place in Houston Texas where I am from so 4 stars!  Also note the chasu is a very hearty portion and I do not recommend the fried chicken.
I'm a fan of Japanese ramen, and a frequent visitor at Sora and Monta.   I went to Misoya Tomi with couple of my coworkers for lunch after reading some good reviews from my friends.   We were all very disappointed!  

We all ordered Kome lunch special.  

Broth:  Bland!  Maybe we're used to stronger flavor at Sora and Monta, but it's just not good.

Noodles:  Thicker noodle and el dente, but it does not come together well with the broth.  

Cha Shu:  Thicker and Grilled.  Dry, flavorless, chewy/tough!  I ordered 2 but only ate one.  It's like chewing on rubber.  At Sora, the cha shu comes together with the noodle and broth so well that it tastes like they all have been simmering together for some time.

Fries:  Why are there fries in the soup?  It's not bad but doesn't really make sense.

Veggies:  overall A-ok.  Lots of beans sprouts in the soup, some bok choy and cabbage.

Menu/Price:  One of my biggest complaints.  Over $11 for a bowl of noodle soup without any cha shu???  you'll need to add chashu for over a $1 per piece.  So a regular bowl of ramen at Sora that costs $7-8 is valued at $13 here.  Even though for lunch special the $11 includes a side with the options of fried rice, gyoza, or fried chicken,  I wasn't impressed on any of the side dishes.  

Air Conditioning:  None

Service:  Overall A-OK.  It's definitely under staffed.  It took a good 20-30 minutes to get our ramen, and we were the only customers when we walked in around 1215.  Then the place got busy at around 1240, so it took forever to get our check.  

Random Rant:  Their chili oil container is not convenient.  I got chili all over my hand.

Overall:  I was gonna give it 3 stars considering it's my first time there, but my two coworkers gave it a 1 star and 2 star...I'm going to stick with Sora and Monta.  Anyone wants my stamp card?
we used to eat ramen at ramen sora, compared to sora, they gave u a lot of vegetables, which makes me feel less guilty everytime eating ramen, the soup tastes good, sora's miso soup is too salty, i still like sora's cha shao kinkda melting in your mouth, cha shao here is a bit chewy. also its a bit pricy here, egg and green onion are addons. and u need to pay 1.9 for a cup of tea.
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Chashu pork was a little tough & fatty. Floor space isn't utilized efficiently for seating (especially near the door).

LIKE  The three types of miso ramen. The soup spoon that can fit more than soup in it. The selection of toppings. Free wifi. The complimentary sorbet.

LOVE  The enthusiastic Japanese server who greeted & thanked all customers in addition to waiting on them.
Pretty good ramen but I wouldn't say it was the best. They have three different kinds of miso ramen (white, bean, rice) and it was pretty pricey for a regular ramen. They do have free wifi, which was awesome and the waiters were very friendly. I might come back.. Maybe.
Went there the other night with a friend. We were originally going to go to Sora, but there was a waiting list of 4 parties and the place was packed, so we decided to try something new instead. I ordered the Kome Spicy Miso, extra spicy with extra green onion and extra noodles on the side. For the price, you sure do get a big portion! Bigger than any other ramen joint in town. As for taste, it smelled better than the actual taste of it. Even though I ordered it extra spicy, it wasn't that spicy. I had to put a ton of chili oil in to bring up to standard. It was pretty good overall though as far as the taste of a rich miso is concerned. Definitely a good backup option. Honestly I'm still tied between Sora and Fukumimi for who has the best ramen in town.