Pei Wei is average at best. They tend to burn things and while they look like they are hauling ass in the 4' by 4' square they run in behind the counter, they actually get very little done. I know its fun to watch them like hampsters bumping into each other, but over all I just don't care for it particularly. I also think it was sad the guy could not spell John right. SRSLY.
It's hard to believe there aren't already numerous reviews of Pei Wei Asian Diner at this point in time. Perhaps as busy as the parking lot always is, it was a bit daunting for potential reviewers who were intimidated and kept on driving. Maybe those lucky few who secured a sacred parking spot stepped inside and were overwhelmed by the number of patrons stacked inside?

Don't get me wrong. I never have been unhappy in my many, many... many excursions to Pei Wei. If you like PF Chang's, you'll like this more informal diner version. I always tend to order the same dish (Pad Thai with Pork... it brings me a feeling of peace and comfort) and it's consistently delicious. In fact, it's quite craveable. On top of that,  the service has always been fast and hospitable. Usually when waiting on a take-out order it's not uncommon for someone behind the counter to offer me a complimentary beverage while I wait. If nothing else, watching 5 foot flames shoot from the woks in the kitchen is an enjoyable way to pass the time... if you're a pyromaniac.

If you go during peak times, you may be in for a bit of a wait for a table. It's not uncommon to wait 10 minutes or longer around lunchtime (Noon) or Dinner (6pm). If you are dining alone (I won't judge you), you can always phone ahead, zip in through the door marked "Take Out" and be on your way home from the gym to enjoy your deep fried morsels in no time flat. You may want to bring someone to ride wingman. Then they can run in to get it for you while you circle the terminally full parking lot. Otherwise you may end up walking from another ZIP Code or wishing they provided a shuttle service.

Great food and service on a consistent basis. Fast service... if you call and order ahead of time. If they can do something to alleviate the crowds, wait times and parking situation or better yet, offer a delivery option, I might be tempted to add another star. But that's just part of dining in the city and it won't deter me from many more trips there.
This location of PW is right down the street from my house, so I eat here every once in a while.  It's predictable and uses good ingredients -- fresh veggies, all white meat chicken.  

I like that they'll sub or add things for you.  I always add broccoli to any dish that doesn't have it or extra to a dish that does.  I'm a sucker for broccoli.  It's nice not to be charged too.  And the brown rice alternative is a good option.

The serving sizes are large and generally too much for one person.  We'll do take out from here ocassionally.  For 4 people, we'll order 3 entrees and one order of lettuce wraps and that's perfect...no left overs and no waste.  

My faves are the Spicey Korean with chicken and the Ginger Broccoli with Shrimp.

It's not cheap, but the ingredients are quality.  Not traditional Asian food, it's more fusion.  It is what it is and I like it.
For a short stint while I was in college, I was a food runner for PF Chang's in the Bay Area so I became pretty familiar with their ingredients. 

It says something then, when Pei Wei (which is quite a bit more affordable) uses the same ingredients. It seems like they take a little less time with presentation or garnishes and just do the bulk of the meal and have someone run like hell to get it out to you. 

The staff is good but seem overstretched at times. On one occassion, I had gone to get a refill and my girlfriend had stepped away from the table for one reason or another as well and they threw away our food, which was about half finished. I mentioned it to the busboy and within minutes they had fired full to-go orders of both (since obviously we'd have some left over) and the manager was at the table apologizing. In the end, it was impressive.

Last thing, I'm a simple guy, and one of my standby's is the Honey Seared Chicken. If you aren't starving, you can get a good sized chicken and rice dish by ordering the Kids portion and it's only $3.45. It's a total steal and they never ask if I have a kid in the car or anything. Abusive? Maybe. Effective? Totally.
I've never been a huge fan of Chinese food and I'm still not one who would really consider Chinese food or take-out, but despite this, Pei Wei has won me over. 

Our typical order is kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, fried rice and pot stickers - all with brown rice. It's always good and always fast. In fact, I've even called right as they were closing and they have been willing to let me in 15-20 minutes after close to pick up my meal.

I will say, we usually get our food to go and just take it home. The few times I've eaten in this location, or others, it just seems too loud and crowded.

My only complaint with Pei Wei is that about 1 out of 5 times, the fortune cookies don't have a fortune - clearly a quality issue with their supplier.

Other than that I really like Pei Wei as a healthier, quick alternative for take-out food.
Not being a big fan of Chinese food myself, I decided to humor my partner in crime and try something of her choosing this Friday evening. After hearing my parents and food snob brother rant about the one in Avondale, I figured being a chain, it couldn't be much worse (or better) at this location.

Since I was hungry (having not eaten all day due to my sensitive piercing [see my review for HTC]) we ordered 2 apps (edamame and the chicken lettuce wraps), for our entrees she had the Kung Pao chicken while I had the Thai coconut curry shrimp.

The edamame came out pretty quickly, but were kinda "over-reheated" although fairly tasty. The lettuce wraps were OK. While the lettuce was great and very crisp and fresh, the chicken mixture was a little overdone and underseasoned. I've had better lettuce wraps at BJ's, to be totally honest.

Out came the entrees and again, nothing special, but not bad. The chicken in her entree was, again, a little overcooked but not enough to make it inedible...I personally thought they were a little stingy with the peanuts, but the flavor was OK. Enough heat to make the dish enjoyable but not hot enough that you would start sweating profusely.

My coconut curry shrimp smelled delicious and tasted the same. They definitely aren't stingy with the protein in either entree we tried. My only gripe with my entree was that it came out a little on the cool side, and without seeing any visible peppers, the seasoning throughout was a little inconsistent...a few bites would have no heat at all, then I'd fish out a shrimp and chomp away and I'd be in tears due to the spice.

So, I wouldn't say it was good enough to change my opinion of Chinese food, but it was definitely a nice change of pace and I would go back again. 4 stars down to 3 as the cashier/order taker was a little snotty and impatient for my taste.
I am giving Pei Wei 4 stars only for the LETTUCE WRAPS!

My mom and I have been going here ever since it opened and I have never been a big fan of their food.  I think that they go to heavy on the sauces and quite frankly..I've had much better food at a hole in the wall chinese place!
I loooove their lettuce wraps though and I often compare lettuce wraps from other places to Pei Wei's and they just don't come close:)
It is a hefty portion and the lettuce is big and crisp..YUM!

Now I'm hungry... :)
Forgot i had the family coming over, needed something quick and decent price to feed 6 heads. Pei came through with a lettuce wrap with chicken and an order of "fry rice".  Friendly service and even threw in a couple more dipping sauces for the wraps.  As always another amazing dinner to go from Pei Wei.
i believe this was one of the first pei wei's in the valley and it was pretty good when it first opened. it hasn't really ever disappointed me. its good for some quick chow. they have a pretty good orange peal deal. i prefer the beef in this dish over the chicken or shrimps. but thats just me. which matters more to me then you. but..i'm sure you would disagree with that statement. but i don't really care...because its about me ya heard?

anyways..it's A-OK in my books..i actually prefer the McDowell/7th Ave location now..so..meh!.
Pei ... have you lost your Wei? 

Not sure what was going on last night... working late, so called over to "my" Pei Wei to grab a Pei Wei spicy Chicken with Brown Rice and Salad Rolls... Well, they have the Chicken, NO Salad Rolls... funny....now I don't even see them on the menu... So, with great disappoint I ordered pot-stickers... guess what... out of them also... weird... how do they run out of these items at 7 PM? 

So I just go with the Spicy Chicken ... fine, but noticed a lot less chicken and MUCH smaller sized chicken chunks then normal... The host assured me that this was an isolated instance... but I wonder... things seem to changing everywhere. The favor was the norm... sweet yet spicy glaze with breaded chicken... my favorite... not bad all in all... I'm sure my doctor would say otherwise!... ENJOY!
I ventured again to the the downtown side of I17.  I have been interested in trying a Pei Wei for quite some time but I thought it would be the one at 67th and 101 for dinner rather than this one for lunch.  Miserable traffic, cramped parking, I drove right by the place.  But none of that is the restaurants fault.

I got there at 1PM on a Friday figuring the lunch rush would be clearing.  As I walked up to the order desk I spotted 3 different 2 person tables to choose from.  By the time I got my order placed, no one in front of me, all three were being used and the only one open was next to one occupied by a one pretty woman just over 1/2 my age.  I left my number and went off to fill my iced tea glass and in that 2 minutes she was gone and the table was already cleared for the next guest.  Drat, scared off another one.:-(  Over the next 25 minutes that I was there the dining area did indeed clear out some but not as much as I expected.  Between the open kitchen, the music and all the talking I thought the noise level was pretty high.

My meal took about 10 minutes to arrive which I think is about right.  I ordered the limited time offering of Thai mango chicken with white rice ($7.75) and an iced tea (soft drink $1.75).  It actually looked like the picture on the web site.  Slightly spicy on the hot side (about what I expected) but more syrupy on the sweet side than I would like.  Chains seem to like syrupy.  The servers were quick to bring dishes out without letting them sit and were keeping the tables cleaned off.

Overall I think it is slightly nicer and slightly more expensive than Panda Express.  I wouldn't balk at going there again if that is what was suggested.  If in the right part of town I would prefer to go to Wok n Stix for about the same overall quality and price, and it is locally owned.
I like the Wei. I enjoy your kung pao shrimp, lettuce wraps, Pei Wei spicy chicken, and a recent fan of the lemon pepper shrimp. 

I have not been able to find a decent Chinese take out by me. The west side is being dissed no pizza, no china-men, no fish. I need to open a restaurant clearly. 

I find the dishes to be large, tasty, and relatively inexpensive. It's Chinese take out and next to the places I have tried in the area Pei Wei is a rock star!
I feel odd anytime I review a chain, but this particular location has set a pretty high bar for all other locations and they definitely deserve some props.

I have eaten at this location dozens of times throughout the years and have zero complaints. Seriously, not one botched order, rude employee or unhappy dining experience.

This past weekend I was partaking in a Rock Band marathon and we needed something in our bellies to keep us fueled up. It was about closing time but they had no problems making our dishes. Our food came out without any issues, piping hot and tasty, as usual. 

We were offered to-go cups in case we wanted one for the road and because we were the last people there, the extra chocolate chip cookies from the day went home with us, free of charge! 

Definitely a 5-star experience, every time!
yummy food. great prices. always crowded. sometimes it takes awhile to order food because of the crowds. but i have loved every dish i have gotten here. ramen noodles and pad thai are my favorites.
I don't like Pei Wei. They have a snow pea fetish that I don't agree with. You get about 5 pieces of meat and then you are left with dry rice.....
Never ate at a Pei Wei....but have at PF Changs. I had pretty much all the same things I get when I go to PF's. Everything tasted exactly the same in this cut-down version. The only issue I have is I think it's priced a little high. It certainly should be more expensive than say a Panda Express, but I don't think it should be more than your favorite local Chinese restaurant considering that you get so much more food (ie take home bags) in a "mom and pop" place.
Yes this is a chain, oh well. Wei has a good selection of options and the food is always fresh.

Service at this location (which is new to me) is always prompt and courteous. 

It's Asian food from a chain so don't expect to be blown away but is this really why anyone goes here? It's consistent as you can get and doesn't break the bank for a good portion of food that can also be relatively healthy.

My only qualm with Wei is that many of the dishes taste alike. Whether I get the Thai Dynamite or the Spicy Korean the flavors, spices don't vary that much - both are still decent dishes though.

At 878 walkable yards from our place it's the closest Asian food takeout we have and I am ok with that.
I like that Pei Wei will let me get a kids' meal, even though I'm not a kid. 

Truthfully, I need the help with portion control when it comes to rice and sauces and allowing me the kids' meal option makes this one of the first places I think of when I'm looking to satisfy a rice craving -- and, it's definitely the only "guilt-free" place that comes to mind. 

The parking lot here STINKS!! Otherwise, I'd totally give you one more star.
I've been here about a million times over the past few years, but somehow never thought to write a review.  I really dig Pei Wei.  It is so much fresher tasting than typical Chinese take-out, and it is my go-to don't-want-to-cook-tonight place.  I love their online ordering (and iphone app) - it is quick, easy, and painless.

As far as the food goes, most everything is delish.  My personal fav is the crab wontons.  I'm seriously OBSESSED with these... they are nothing like the cream-cheese puffs found elsewhere, thank goodness!  They actually have CRAB in them!  I also like the orange chicken, thai curry, kung pao, and salads.  Not a huge fan of their pad thai, but there are so many other options that I hardly miss it.  I do miss the caramel chicken special... it was delicious, and I'm bummed it didn't make the permanent menu. 

Pei Wei is an example of a chain done right - clean, quick, consistent and tasty.  I'll be back - again and again and again.
When my kids want Asian food, this is always where they want to go. The kids always get the honey chicken with noodles and eat every bite. For me and the hubby, we usually get the hot and sour soup (very good), the crab puffs( love the sauce), or the pot stickers (yummy). For entrees, I have had just about everything on the menu. My favorite is the Kung Pao chicken or the shrimp fried rice. They just installed a new soda machine that has more than 100 flavors to create. Very cool. The cashiers and wait staff have always been very nice as well.
I love the Mongolian beef with noodles & have getting here for years. I was glad to see no Arpaio in sight & the doors back open. My wife loves the Dan Dan noodles & the kids get honey seared chicken. I stop in this crazy busy location only when I'm in the area because the parking lot is insane. I think the concept is great & the service is always quick. Consistency is the key to this place.
Dined here last week and they have all sorts of foods and everything is ala carte; the place is a great place for all ages and their kiddie meals suit my boys perfectly. They mostly serve rice and their menu is also suitable for vegetarians since they offer a wide variety of choices. You will also feel that you really belong to the place since the staff is helpful and friendly.

So there!
Definitely falls into the "what where they thinking?" category. Our  neighborhood Pei Wei - a block from our offices and a weekly favorite for 5 years, has changed to Pei Wei Asian Market - a sort of cheap food court concept, without the mall. Obviously this is a more inexpensive operation to run. Portions are a lot smaller, and about a dollar or two cheaper. Not all bad, but many favorites seem to be gone. 

Plastic has replaced the restaurant-ware, and not cool custom plastic, but basic restaurant supply take-away stock. No green PR there. The warm, PF-asian decor has been replaced by a basic black and industrial box with so much parking lot glare during lunch that it's hard to select your plastic utensils from the self-serve area. The restaurant is now noisy and the seemingly uncomfortable staff calling out order numbers adds to the din. 

Now in all fairness, we've tried the restaurant a few times since the reopen. The food was fine every time and the flavors good. Not where I'd go if I was hungry, but the value seemed good. Truly, if this was in the mall, it would likely do fine. Unfortunately it's not. Alas we mourn the loss of our local Pei Wei.
New decor but something is missing!  

Not so upscale Asian fast food any longer.  You order at the counter and wait to hear your number shouted out for you to pickup.  Sort of like McDonalds.

Servers who deliver your food to the table are no longer. No one  is clearing off empty dishes or asking if they can get you anything.  Heck, even Dairy Queen will bring out the Blizzard to your table on occasion.  At Pei Wei's you're on your own now, buddy!    

What happened to the nice china plates and silverware.  Now it is plastic boats for the food and cardboard (huh) boxes for the salads. 

Menu has changed to what seems like smaller portions. My buddy's favorite sweet and sour soup is gone.  In fact Pei Wei's has no soups now.  The Pei Wei spicy beef was still good if somewhat vinegary.  Difficult to eat the side salad from the small cardboard box.

Granted the remodel makes for an attractive space!  But it's now just open seating, sort of like mall eateries.  Music was irritating too.  

I don't think this place will appeal to older folks. Previously Pei Wei was 5 star for me but now I'll think twice about eating here.  I like Sauce, down the street a whole lot better, as in better caring service!
They ruined Pei Wei! They actually redecorated to make the place look low rent. Somewhere there's someone in upper management who needs to be fired. Redecorate to downgrade the atmosphere -- seriously? Employees now wear t-shirts and jeans instead of the nice uniforms they wore before. A bunch of teenagers work there instead of the staff that used to know what they were doing.

Worst of all, the new menu sucks. Nothing here that you can't get for half the price at any Chinese take out place in the valley. No more Dan Dan Noodles. No more Lo Mein. No more vanilla chai tea. Now there are just a few rice bowls and no noodle dishes. The music is so loud that you can't even hear them call out your order number as though you were at Taco Bell or McDonald's. Because eating a meal without having to listen to the teenagers at the counter shout out numbers is too upscale. So is actual silverware. Everything that made Pei Wei funky is gone. I guess it is still asian fusion -- it's just a fusion with fast food quality. All that's missing is a drive through.

They do still have tofu, which I appreciate. However, I had Mongolian tofu and the sauce tasted like it was straight out of a jar. The food was barely warm. The mushrooms were raw. My dining partner's portions were laughable. Maybe a half cup of rice and less than a half cup of mongolian beef. 

Yes, I know Pei Wei is a chain restaurant but I used to really enjoy the food. I'm so disappointed. I won't be back.
I thought the old Pei Wei was okay, but didnt fully appreciate its subtle virtues until we walked in today. Sheesh. They removed all the comfy booths in favor of regimented food court tables, reduced the overall seating area, downgraded the condiment and self serve drink stations, replaced chinaware with plastic shells reminiscent of Kids Cuisine tv dinners. The whole thing is depressing. 

The food is worse than before - at least mine was - and as others have mentioned the portions have gone on a crash diet.  Healthy upgrade, s'ppose, since my tongue informs me they've piled even more sugar and salt into their sauces - if that's possible.  The limited menu is a little cheaper, I think, but doesnt approach the variety, appeal or value Pei Wei built its rather middle of the road reputation on. 

My bill was also screwed up. At least twice. First, they quoted the wrong remaining balance on my debit card, so I had them void the transaction and bill to another card, at which point they charged me for a phantom drink.  The manager wasnt able to credit that, so voided the entire sale again and billed me a third time. I now have three receipts. 

It'll get straightened out  and I have no problem whatever with the girl in front, or anyone who works there. But these systematic, abrupt downgrades scream customer indifference....you can almost hear the sneering boardroom banter all the way from Manhattan.
Wow ~ from Pei Wei Asian Diner to Marketplace.  What interesting yummy food changes and the property is beautiful and very chic.  My son let me know we are going back again today.   He was all about the meatball sandwich and sweet potatoe fries.
As always ~ way to go Pei Wei, you keep current with the times and your customers likes.   This is a winner.
They ruined our neighborhood Pei Wei.  We used to do PW once-a-week.  Loved the food and everything else about the place.  Unique flavors that we couldn't find anywhere else.  We finally went last night after the new "Market"  opened.  I like the idea of the smaller portions. I can even deal with the new limited menu... But what used to be fresh food, wok-seared and served extremely hot is now pre-made and warmed up then plopped into a plastic dish.  Then you get to find your own plastic utensil to eat with.  The people that used to work there that we saw on a regular basis are now different employees, and with no customer service (bordering on rude).  The new seating is uncomfortable, and the ambiance is non existent.  We will never go back.  For 30 cents more, and a drive over to 44th & Thomas, we can get twice as much food, that is served well (and HOT)  by people who act like they care if we are happy eating there.  

I understand this is a pilot restaurant to compete with the fast food joints.  If I want that, I will go to Panda Express.  Pei Wei, you are making a HUGE mistake.  Bad move!
I eat a lot of Asian food (of different sorts).  Asian is actually my go-to cuisine since I have a lot of food allergies.  This place deserves a thumbs-down, unless you love Americanized Asian.  The food was bland, breaded and just not worth any money.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I definitely won't eat here.
Went in thinking it was the usual Pei Wei, big mistake. The food was close but no cigar. Not sure what they were thinking...
They change the place and the menu, we order our usual.  The price is about the same and the portion was smaller, the staff was not friendly.  I will not come back to this place.  My kids and I miss the OLD Pei Wei!!!  Why fix it if it is not broken!!!  WHY????
"What were they thinking?" is exactly what I thought. A friend and I visited this location today thinking we were going to PeiWei. Apparently, it is now a PeiWei Market. I knew something was up right away when we walked in. Not only was the decor totally different (looked like the food court at the mall), but there was nobody in there. Used to be difficult to even find a parking space. Not any more. I order my food and she asks me what size I want. I should have left then. Instead, I played along and ordered my food. $12.35 later, my number was yelled by the zit faced teenagers that work at this place, and I picked up my food. Looked like a damn lean cuisine, only not as good. It was served in the same plastic container and was about the same size. Everything is now served on to-go plastic, whether you are eating it there or not. Plastic tray, plastic dish, plastic fork, plastic cups. 

The most amusing part was to watch people walk in and order. When they received their food, they had this bewildered look on there face, like what the hell is this? Where am I? Everyone around us was not happy. Rather than convert an existing store, they should have just built a new one. Anyone who ate at PeiWei before, will surely not like the new changes. This concept will fail. 

Anyone who is considering PeiWei Market, save your money. Stay home and fix yourself a lean cuisine. Your wallet and palette will thank you.
Why would they 'fix' something that wasn't broken???  The place used to be slammed all the time but not any more.
If I wanted cheap Asian slop on plastic I'd go to Panda Express down the street.  Pei Wei was my favorite place to eat and now I hate it there.  All my favorite things are gone from the menu.  My beloved Pad Thai and the Thai Dynamite are gone and so am I.
I love Pei Wei Asian Diner.  I am not a big fan of this Pei Wei Asian Market concept.  It is like the diner concept, but a lot more plain.  The restaurant is smaller than the average Pei Wei, and seems to be more of a fast food atmosphere.  This location is missing the quality of the other Pei Wei restaurants.  They only offer the basic items from Pei Wei and none of the newer promotional item like the Diner Selects I was looking for.  It is missing some of the fancy touches that makes Pei Wei more desirable than Panda Express.  Food was good, but not quite what I was looking for.  If you are looking for a high quality Pei Wei, try an Asian Diner, not the Asain Market version.  Not bad to eat at, but not interesting enough to recommend.
Pei Wei, why oh why did you think it would be smart of change your menu and the look of your original concept?  I personally think it was a bad move!  I hate that there are not many of the original items on the menu at this new, remodel.  

I had the BBQ Korean dish which didnt really have much flavor and was kind of bland!  I also miss the separate line there use to be for people who called in or ordered online.  I probably won't be coming back to this location.  If I need to I will find another location that has the old items because those items are what made Pei Wei one of my favorites!
Fail.
Why? Just compare it to the old restaurant that used to be housed here and that's the only word that comes up. On further thought an acronym comes to mind: WTF
WTF PEI WEI? I shalnt and willnt be returning to this location EVER AGAIN! 
Not only is the cafeteria like dining area lacking personality, it's now remarkably uncomfortable. 

On to the real reason we all USED to frequent the Asian affiliated eatery, the food. Unfortunately somebody decided to redo the menu, dropping a few of my favs which was tragic in itself, I mean I didn't even get to taste goodbye. My number one, numero uno did make the cut, Mandarin kung pao and i have always been close. But without the chunky pieces of chicken I have come to love and expect, It seems we have drifted apart. Something we said we would never let happen to us.

Do yourself a favor, avoid this pee wee altogether.
((sobbing begins))
The only thing more ridiculous than calling this food, is actually eating it. The one star is because yelp made me.
We used to do Pei Wei at least twice a month for take out. The food was always excellent. We haven't ordered from there in a couple years. My son and I went there for dinner last night. The service was pathetic.I ordered a chicken salad, the chicken had no taste, it was a poor quality, they bathed the salad in a sweet sauce. The worst part was both my son and I were sick for the next 12 hours. Pei Wei will not make it back on to our take out list. Management this location needs help
Royal Flush Fail!  Your new concept "Asian Market" was a very bad move.  We used to go to this location at least once a month.  Since, your shift  to market concept we drive right on bye...:(  It sucks because it was a fall back restaurant in our neighborhood. Its now one step up 'maybe" from Panda Express. NOT!
The Asian chopped chicken salad was bomb !!!
This Pei Wei recently transformed into a Pei Wei Market. This was our first time trying out the Market and the food still tastes the same but the menu items are more limited. No beef and broccoli - say what?! Luckily they had sweet and sour shrimp. However, it comes on a plastic plate with a plastic tray. You need to grab plastic utensils and drink from a plastic cup. Kind of wasteful if you ask me! Also, the portions were much smaller than before.

The inside is nice. It gives off a warehouse vibe - very clean and open with tons of wood and metal tables. We arrived at 11am and left by 11:20am. The service was super quick - granted we were the first customers of the day! 

One of the employees told us that they were going to change back to a regular Pei Wei, since this Market concept wasn't doing so well. I hope they keep the redesign inside, but definitely go back to the standard menu.
Really a downgrade from the original Pei Wei diner.  The food menu was changed way too much and the kitchen is much less flexible on what they are willing to do. Unfortunately I think everyone has caught on since the lunch hour seems to be pretty empty.. Unlike before when you had to wait forever to order AND get a seat.  Hopefully they'll change it back..
Decided to go there last night so I went online to place our to-go order.  Soon discovered that you cannot order certain things online even though they are offered on the menu therefore I just called the restaurant and placed the order, to be picked up at 5:50pm.  The girl that took my order explained that they were still working through the online system and hopefully you will be able to order everything soon.  She read my order back to me and it was correct.  I arrived at 5:50 to pick up our order and the young man read everything back to me again, just as I had ordered it.  He told me that it would take about 5-10 minutes to put my order together.  Ok, I'm assuming they don't prepare the dishes until you arrive so that it will be nice and fresh.  I'm fine with that.
About that same amount of time passed and they showed up with my bag of food.  As I was preparing to walk out the door, a server stopped me to tell me that we were missing our 6 rolls that had been ordered and it would be a few minutes because they have to be made from scratch.  A little confused now since they were in the order and everyone knew it but again, I sat and waited.  In about 5 minutes the young man brought me a tray with 3 rolls and said "here you go - have a nice evening".  I looked at him and said where are the other 3, I ordered 6?  A look of confusion came over his face, he went back to the young lady (who I assume was the mgr on duty), told her and she asked someone to make another order.  She came back to me, apologized and asked if there was anything else she could get for us, nope just the rolls was my answer.  This took about another 10 minutes.  
Now, she did apologize for all the delays and gave me a gift card to use and the food was good.  Service was really poor.  I don't understand how two people can read your order off to you and then the kitchen can't get it made.  In my estimation, I must have waited until at least 6:15 until we received our full order of food.  
I'm hoping they were just having a bad night but they do need to work some bugs out of their online ordering system.
Let's just say I don't go to eat the food. ;)

The place is close, it is fast. I don't know what else you need from Asain Market but keep doing  what you are doing. And I'll keep coming in and pretending that I come their for the food.

Honestly, qui est cette dame?
Ok - they finally got their heads on straight and went back to being a regular Pei Wei Asian Diner like the rest of their locations.  I hope it's not too late for them to get their business back.  It doesn't seem like they're doing much to let people know they changed back.
My favorites dishes are back and so am I!
The old menu is back!  

Many thanks to corporate and to all the other people who either complained or stopped going.  We used to go at least once a week, but the new concept had really turned us off, and I'd say we went a total of 4 times since the switch, half of,those times paid by gift cards from corporate.  

No more disposable plates and silverware, but good ole china!  Best of all, I can get my old favorites and a bowl of Lo Mein for my son.  

So while the food and restaurant may not actually be five stars, I'm giving it to them for returning the Pei Wei universe to the correct order.  Thanks!
Food is pretty good.  Service is totally fine.
Good food wheat for lunch and there out of white rice right when I get my order. How do you run out of white rice at a chines food restaurant
I'm a big fan of this place, I always get the mongolian beef with brown rice because it's amazing.  I wish I could tip the employees though, the credit card receipt doesn't allow a spot for tips and I never see anywhere to put cash tips.  I would give this place 4 stars but it gets 5 because of the sexy female employees with tattoos.
Since they changed the menu awhile back I don't go as much. When I do go I'll get the honey seared chicken and some lettuce wraps. Staff has always been friendly.
I love pei Wei always ! Dan Dan noodles extra spicy is delicious and the ginger broccoli are my faves !
If you are reading this please don't go there. They made the place not appealing to eat in. The mean changed from great to worst. I got the spicy pei Wei they asked me if I wanted a large or market size, so I got the large and it looked no different from the market size i went up to tall them i got the large one they said its only 2oz difference which was not worth the 3 bucks more because there wasn't two more ounces. Don't go trust me the food wasn't that good either.
I found a human pubic hair inside a crab wonton, I told the manager he took it out of the food and apologize to me offered to give me food for free I said no. He pulled out a gift card from his back pocket and put it next my plate. The way he did it made me feel like I was complaining to get something free which I was not. I did not wanted to take the cars but my brother who was there insisted to take, we took it and today 2/27/14 we try to use it at the location on dysart and McDowell rd I'm Avondale and the card was declined. Just wanted to tell you how disgusted I was with this person so called manager who gave me an empty card. Bad service and bad experience would do my best to not come to pei Wei in the future. Not only I find unhealthy finding a human hair in the food but the service I got was not pleasant
The place is brand new and supposedly the "Famous szechuan restaurant from L.A." says the banner in chinese writing. I would have no idea it said this but it's what my mom saw when we were originally set to go to BBQ King across the parking lot.

We should have gone to BBQ King.

We started with a cold seaweed appetizer which was mixed with cilantro. This dishes flavor had a  nice pop to it because of the cilantro but the texture was mushy and overall- mediocre.

The appetizer  of cold chicken with hot and spicy sauce was okay. It really just looked like steamed chicken marinated in siracha sauce. It was rather disappointing really... but what can you expect when the exact translation of the dish is "saliva chicken." (gross)

The spicy lamb soup noodles came out in a giant bowl with almost a curry red and yellow color to the broth. It looked really promising. But then, when you got  a whiff of the soup, WOOOOO WHEEEEE! That's some game-y ass lamb! My mom and I each took two bites, and pushed it aside.

Her bowl of red braised beef noodles had very little braised beef and the giant bowl was really deceiving once you dipped into it for the noodles. I could have eaten a full 2 bowls of these portions in order to be full.

The restaurant is actually a step up in decor from most chinese fast food places. But... the waitstaff needs some serious training. Sure they smiled. Sure they took our order, but that was it. No checking back. And certainly no understanding of customer service when the food itself sucked. We sent back the lamb noodles and the waitstaff was totally puzzled. Like... this has never ever happened and they don't know WHY anyone would ever send food back. Even worse, the waitstaff didn't speak any english so outside of sticking my tongue out, squinting my eyes and pointing at the bowl of soup, they had no idea what was going on.

They still charged us for the lamb and didn't apologize or offer us an alternative.

We paid our bill and left.
Done deal. I felt really cheated and bad that the one time my mom and I get some time alone to have dinner together we ended up here.

The only saving grace is that BBQ King was just across the parking lot and a bowl of wonton soup there could chase these szechuan blues away.
This place's name is deceiving!  It really should be called J&J MSG Cuisine.  I think their philosophy is "MSG saves us the trouble of learning how to cook".  

The food tastes decent but it just makes me sick to know what the hell I'm putting in my mouth.  The fried intestines with chili peppers that I ordered were battered in MSG and fried to a dark brown.  Every bite I took released a nice pool of grease in my mouth.  Tasty!  The sweet and sour short ribs was better though at least and some of the cold dishes that are already prepared aren't as brutally assaulted by the deadly seasoning.

I would've given the place 3 stars if it wasn't for the rude people working there.  The waitress was rude, didn't check back even once, and came back to grab the check after it was paid for while we were still at the table...to which my girl said "not done yet" in chinese cause the tip still wasn't on there.  The waitress then proceeded to give my girl the eye...many times...scary!

Bring cash to this place if you plan on spending less than $25.  The last time my bill came out to $23.90 the lady told me she couldn't charge my card, even after I told her to just add the remaining $1.10 plus a few more dollars as tip.  

"No we no can do that cos that tip money for them not for the restaurant."  

Really, you stupid bitch?  Some people are so damn ignorant I swear.
I'm glad I didn't check out the reviews on here before embarking on J&J Szechuan. We arrived into Vegas and was craving some sichuanese food. Hubby remembered this place from our last visit so we thought we'd try it out.

We ordered a 3 item combo from the cold buffet table -- spicy beef and tendon, pickled vegetables with edamame and braised tofu. I ordered the 'shui joo niu rou' which is beef and napa cabbage cooked in a spicy sauce, as well as 'jiu tsai dou gan' which is Chinese chives with dried tofu.

The stuff off the buffet table was really tasty -- not overly salty, but also, not overly spicy either. I think the spicy beef at Yu Nan Garden is stronger in flavor. The spicy beef is a little greasier here, but sichuanese food is greasy, that's just the way authentic sichuanese cuisine usually is.

Actually we enjoyed every dish we had here -- but we liked it just a little more at Yu Nan Garden. 3.5 stars!!
another great review from Jon Curtas
http://www.eatinglv.com/2009/08/j-j-szechuan-crispy-intestinesyummm/

Congratulations!  

Not sure if I'm in for the offal, but I'm sure I can find something on the menu that's "offally" tasty, regardless....

Go, eat.
My friend and I were looking for just a simple Chinese restaurant tonight and came across j&j's. When we walked in we were surprised because it looked like an up scale Chinese reatuarant. The portions were family style and were more than enough for two people. I ordered the spicy boiling beef soup. Wow!!! It was spicy and good. The green beans with ground pork was incredible also. The only thing that wasn't great was the rice, it was under cooked. Our waiter didn't speak any English which was fine, there were several items on the menu that we didn't know and asked him and he wasn't able to tell us. So we ate thing we knew which was fine, we just wanted to try new dishes too. My mouth is still on fire after the soup. I would come back again for sure.
Authentic Szechuan cuisine....yum! 
Drove by and went in. Lucky choice.
So I've been here two times and both times I've left with a somewhat numb tongue, but I'm perfectly ok with that.  If you don't like spicy, they have mild dishes, but I like spicy so this place is great.  I really like the cold bar that they have, and I like that they change it up somewhat every now and then.  It's also probably some of the most reasonably priced food in the place, $4.50 for a plate with 3 choices.

When it comes to their hot food, I really love their lamb dishes.  Yes they can be a little oily, but I think that the flavor is spot on.  I like letting it sit on the rice for a bit as it cools so that the rice picks up the flavor.  Also, this place can go very "traditional" on you, in that they serve offal.  I've had the tripe here, and I was pleasantly surprised by it.  It wasn't very chewy and didn't have that gamey flavor that I'm used to with tripe.

On the whole, I would definitely come back here if you don't want the traditional Chinese food restaurant experience, although they do have those dishes for the non-adventuresome eaters.
Went back here yesterday for a second time and ordered some extra spicy chicken and fish boiled in hot sauce... and this dish is just fantastic for anyone who loves spicy food! We also had the lamb fried rice and the beef chow mein, both delicious and the portions were so large we were able to take a bunch of food home and eat it again for lunch today. 

The prices are just a tad steeper than your average Chinese restaurant; however, they are pretty reasonable for the quality and quantity. Excellent deals for lunch special, just make sure you get there before 3! We arrived shortly after 3 and they wouldn't make an exception for us ;) ...

The only disappointment was the service. Our waitress was on her phone the entire time... when we wanted to order food we had to get up and call her over because she was text messaging, then she didn't check on us once the entire time.. and when we wanted to-go containers and the check, she was talking on her cell phone so I had to get up and go get her again :-/. The worst part was... we were the only table there! The first time we went here, the service was good so I did not subtract a star based on one bad experience. 

We will continue to go back for sure!
One of my favorite celebrity chef's : Anthony Bourdain, claims that Szechuan Chinese food is his favorite. While I love spicy food.. I didn't know if I could handle it.

We decided to give J&J Szechuan Cuisine a try and I am really happy I did. We got there on a quiet evening with only a couple of other tables in the restaurant so the waitress was fully available with our choices. We ordered some beers, checked teh menu and I headed directly up to the cold food bar. A sign stated "3 items for $4.50" It looked like a delicious challenge and I am always in the mood for one of those. 

Among the selections available were cold chicken feet with a spicy sauce, chilled seaweed salad and cold cucumber with garlic and peppers. I skipped the chicken feet, this time, and went for the seaweed, cold cucumbers and chilled spicy tofu.

Back at the table we ordered ground pork and crispy green beans, mushrooms in a brown gravy and spicy crispy chicken and hot peppers. All really good, and all very very spicy. I loved it. My dinner date loved it.. we will be back! 

It was my first taste of Szechuan, but I will be on the look out for more. Hope to see you there!
It is the BEST Chinese restaurant within a 200-mile radius. I can't think of a good Chinese restaurant in L.A that's equivalent to both the food and decor there beside Duck House in Monterey Park. 

Their food is so tasty and is creative too. Try the pork slices hang on a wooden lift. I had to ask them where they got the wood thing as I had never seen one like that before in America. The answer was - they got it in China. That tells how authentic they are. Speaking of that, don't expect it to be a regular Chinese restaurant you would find that has poor service, disgusting hygiene and out-of-touch decoration. It is in fact a more upscale one, nothing like those in Chinatown. But that doesn't stop them from offering some good lunch special deals.

My genuine recommendation: if you're in Vegas and craving some Chinese food, go to J&J. It's not on the strip but you'll be amazed.
We love us some szechuan!  We ordered our usual that day:  fish boiled in chili sauce (be aware that it's oily), fried chicken with szechuan chili (you do not eat the chili and the dish looks spicier than it is), and I don't recall the third dish...but everything was good.  I don't think it really stood out.  I like my dishes spicier, and a good restaurant would do that while maintaining the flavor.  However, this is a good restaurant, and next time we go back, I will try the pork slices on the wooden apparatus and the cold dish buffet!
The best Chinese food I ever had here in Vegas . I will comeback and bring everyone  , thanks to my Chinese friend that took me there
We had a craving for some authentic szechuan cuisine, we wanted spicy spicy spicy.  This is where we ended up and man were we happy.  We knew we had to get the spicy boiled fish because that is always my favorite, but we also got a spicy chicken dish that was "dry" and just tossed with a ton of chiles and szechuan noodles.  Of course the fish was fantastic and obviously my favorite, but everything was great.  I loved the chicken, very spicy in that way that only szechuan peppercorns can be spicy, and very crispy and crunchy. It was like the best chicken poppers ever :)  The atmosphere is what you would expect and you get free hot tea, they do serve beers but not much else in terms of liquor.  I had a milk tea that was delicious and we walked out happy, stuffed, and not too much poorer.  I will be back soon!
Probably the best Szechuan I've had. Thank GOD I didn't see the roaches crawling on the wall, napkins and dishes until after we were done.
This is a great little gem.  Never expected to find such authentic chinese food in Vegas.  

Ok...truth be told, it isn't really punishingly hot as it is persistent.  The spiciness is there but it's not immediately overwhelming.  The numbing feeling and the chili oil stick on your tongue though.  After 5 minutes, I was dying.  I've had spicier things before but the feeling dissipates...here it sticks around.  For that reason, I can't take their mapo tofu.  I did like their hot and sour soup, kung pao shrimp, and the shredded pork with bamboo shoots.  I've never seen bamboo shoots like they served here but man they were good.  Tender and not chewy or stringy at all.
the dish was excellent and the cold dish five stars. as good as California chinsesefood. yummy.
I would highly encourage everyone to ignore the negative reviews. This place is delicious and very well priced. 

      I enjoyed a delicious order of spicy chicken and Szechuan noodles. The chicken was succulent and the hot peppers provide just the right amount of spice to warmly my tummy. The Szechuan noodles had a delicious vinegary tang which complemented the overall texture of the noodles. All in all food was 100% delicious.  I look forward to returning and sampling more of their menu. 

   The restaurant itself is not exactly Joel Roebeccions but seriously, it's China Town. The service was adequate however neither of the staff members spoke very good English and when I asked for something with Szechuan peppercorns they looked at me like I asked them to invent cold fusion on the spot. Again...It's china town. It's fine.  If you hate the variety of life don't come here. Otherwise enjoy.
Definitely underrated and unknown among yelp with only 22 reviews as of Mar 2014.

I visited J&J a good 4-5 years ago and now recently returned.  I prefer Japanese and Thai when I eat Asian or if it s Chinese, I prefer southern food but the Szechuan spicy hot pots are delicious.

Sometimes you just need some msg kick! The spicy chicken is really good here. It's salty, spicy, and MSG-y.  If you don't like chicken on the bone you won't like this dish but I'm like a dog chewing and sucking on the bone getting every spicy salty MSG drip out.

The spicy hot pots with lamb, beef, or shrimp is always a good staple and I always order some variation.  You will need 2 rounds (big ass bowls family style) to curb the burn.

I left and had to drink lots of water but it was worth it.  Come check out the under appreciated J J!
Everytime we come to LV for business, we definitely come here! It comforts our Chinese stomach
Really disappoint！not like traditional Sichuan food! Only taste spicy no other flavor. And they really ridiculous!! They write tips for me! And ask me for signature! ! I think the tip is what I want to pay, you have no rights to write it for me! 一点也不好吃。还要强加小费。单子拿过来的时候小费已经写好了。直接跟我所要签名。我觉得小费应该我们自己来填写。你这么做是觉得我们消费者没有素质不给小费？！
Close to the authentic Szechuan Cuisine. But then again I haven't yet have had authentic Szechuan cuisines from China, not have I ever been that I can assure authenticity in my opinions. They good tho!
Surprisingly, this restaurant dishes up really good spicy Chinese food. Their Shui Zhu anything is absolutely wonderful. I eat so many bowls of rice with it, they go so well together. And the rice is cooked nice and fluffy
The location is pretty strange though. It's odd how they still have decent business. So it must be the food. 
They have really good cold dish appetizers too. I love the tongue and beef slices in peppercorns.
Superb! 
And a shocker to some degree. (more on that in a bit)

Can't argue with the reviews already given.
I don't know what region the food is of origin, but Spicy is it's foundation.
And it's tasty!!

A Saturday lunch.
3 tables active. Two other couples, and one big family. I was not the only tourist looking patron. But I was outnumbered. And thats GOOD!
Maybe 15 total tables in the place available. Nice size in my opinion.
Good clean room too.
Yes, new owners. "wun yeer now thank yoo" (no offense intended)

Spicy & Sour Noodle Soup, $5.95 (like spaghetti w/ chili broth, and herbs)
Wontons tossed in chili sauce, $5.95 (YUM, nice garlic hints)
Sliced Chicken w/ Szechwan Sauce, $8.95 (YUM YUM, spicy smoke flavor  trails off w/ a sweetness, YUM)
Yes the rice is done w/ perfection as a goal. Details, all in the details.

The "shocker"........
This menu is as authentic as I've ever seen. 
Reminds me of times in San Francisco's Chinatown when I might have ordered off a menu to be refused by the wait staff  "No no no no, shaking their head". You see, I'm a big tall Gringo looking dude......they were just protecting me is my guess. Saving my fragile "naive" palate.

Yun Nan Garden offers what I think you can't get many places in SF anymore. At least spelled out on the menu, here they are.
Chongqing Spicy Frog.
Blackened Pepper w/ Eel.
Three Flavors (Squid, Fish, Black Sea Cucumber)
Chickens Intestine w/ pepper sauce.
And the afore mentioned Pigs Ear.

Don't be afraid though. You will just be missing out on some tasty meals.

I like the location, easy in, and easy out. Great parking!!
Just below Spring Mountain, 3rd driveway on the right off Valley View.
Yun Nan will be on your right, far corner of the first building. (mid lot)

7 days a week, 11am - 10pm.

And they have 2 additional locations:
Monterey Park, CA. 301 N. Garfield Ave.
Hacienda Heights, CA. 1229 S. Hacienda Blvd.

Enjoy!!
I'm still breathing flames, feeling chest hairs sprout, and honestly dreading what morning will bring, the food was that spicy...not all of it, but what was spicy, was hellish.

Tonight was a personal (read party of 3 with husband, mother and me) at Yun Nan Garden.  I did my homework and citysearched it, too -- finding a website that gave me the menu (so I thought) and I'd even made a list of dishes we were absolutely going to order...and while it did give me a quick introduction to Yun Nan province cooking, it wasn't the same restaurant.  

We ordered five dishes -- Szechuan Style Cold Noodles, Chongqing Spicy Chicken (no relation to ChunKing, but I'm sure this is where that mess of a name is derived...), Potato with Sour Sauce, String Beans with Chinese sausage and Yunnan Style Dried Beef.  

The place is tiny -- about 15 tables, and it's actually quite attractive.  There's a small display case on the north wall, in front of the kitchen -- and that's where those side dishes (see pics) of pigs ear, tripe, chicken feet, chukka seaweed all live...

The food came out fast and furious.  There was only one other table of Caucasians in the room -- we were eyed with what felt like suspicion since it's located on the back side of the third building in the same center that houses PKL...

We dug into the noodles first -- they needed to sit -- and be stirred lots -- because the best bites are at the bottom where they've had a chance to soak up that incredible sauce -- don't think peanut butter -- this is the real thing -- light, perfect for hot Vegas weather.

The dried beef was hot, but not incendiary if you avoided the dried red chili peppers -- flavor is great, but it's sliced thin, so it's not really jerky like (say like LOS), think shit on a shingle kind of dried beef -- and I happen to like that, so this was good. 

The potatoes were astounding -- although we're pretty sure it's mountain yam, not really potato.  I saw it on another guest's table, and it was terrific.  

The string beans had nothing that resembled sausage -- it was pork belly and since bacon's our favorite vegetable, it was great.

The chicken -- at first I thought our server was just humoring us, then she said "really, it's my favorite" -- and smiled...so we were in.  You know those little dried red chilies you avoid when you see them whole in "spicy dishes" -- imagine taking oh, about a pound and chopping them up like scallions -- in other words, kinda hard to pick out, and mix that up with chicken pieces so tiny, it's hard to tell if it's in fact chicken (tasted more like pork rinds -- again, not really a problem for us...).  We soldiered through it, then after about a gallon of water, decided we'd try to pick out the chicken which now was about as hot as the chilies...  by this time the noodles were all happy, as were we...even though our concerns about tomorrow morning started to gel.

We sat for a while watching other tables eating -- mopping their brows -- and checking out their dishes... the fried salt and pepper fish looked phenomenal, as did the tofu dishes.  Our server also recd a fish with garlic sauce...

The menu is seriously fascinating -- I guess I've lived a sheltered life -- and I thought I'd been adventurous, but I've not seen a menu like this in America ever -- eel rice, spicy pork intestine, spicy frog, cold kidney, stir fried eel with pickled pepper, fat pork with garlic, black sea cucumber, chicken's intestine, pork leg skin...

This is some serious adventurous eating folks -- tonight, I took baby steps... 

We went to Red Mango for relief...and I made a note to go back again.

p.s. I'd have killed for a cold beer -- but they don't have a liquor license.
I feel kind of bad. Up until my review, this place has averaged 5 stars. Its not like I had a bad experience. But its not like I had a great experience ... 

When I walked in, the waitress girl asked me something in Chinese. I said, "Three people," and held up three fingers. I ... have no idea what she asked me. I look Chinese. I don't speak Chinese. 

I sat and waited for my two friends to show up for about fifteen minutes. One of the things I liked about this place was the privacy. I just sat there for a while just enjoying the quiet. Con: all the time, I wasn't offered tea or water or any other kind of free beverage. 

When I got there at 5:00, there were only a couple parties in there. By the time I left, the place was almost completely full. 

When my friends arrived, they perused the menu and one of them had a question on some of the food items. I warned her: "The waitress doesn't speak very good English." 

The waitress comes back to take our order. My friend asks her if she can sub rice instead of noodles for one of the dishes. In very poor English, our waitress tries to explain the item. Then she looks at me and says something in Chinese. I blush and shake my head, "Sorry, I don't speak Chinese." God damn my Chinese face! I frickin' warned her. 

Anyways. 

The food was okay. I ordered from the Chef's Specials section of the menu. I got the Fish Fillet in Garlic Sauce ($9). Its family-style dining. Meaning, if there's three in your party, order two or three dishes and share. I almost ordered two dishes. But after our dishes dropped, I was happy I didn't. They were pretty big. The dishes, I mean. I ate my fill and still took left overs home. Mm, left overs ... *gurgle* 

There's warnings right on the menu that the dishes are hot. There are little chili pepper icons by the hot ones. Some have two. I'm a pussy when it comes to spicy things. But I try my best. 

My fish was alright. It had lots of tofu and LOTS of dried red chili peppers. 

The menu had a lot of good-looking options. Like frog and kidney and .. stuff. 

Its always weird for me to rate the service at Chinese restaurants. Chinese restaurants aren't about service. Its just the food you're there for. Who cares if you feel like you're being served by a dom? So in other words, the service was meh. I didn't get a water refill. And I kinda really needed it. 

* off the strip, non-casino
If you are craving authentic delicious Chinese food that is spicier than anything you've ever tasted, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you try Yun Nan Gardens.  

Oh my goodness, the food was excellent and I'm planning my next trip to Vegas just to seriously eat here again.  My husband & I were sick and tired of eating at the hotels and after spending a FORTUNE on mediocre food we made our way to Yun Nan.  We could not have been more satisfied. 

To start off, there is a cold counter which had some strange looking pieces of meat as well as some fresh and pickled vegetables.  I passed on the meats but chose the vegetables:  pickled cucumbers, an asian bean sprout slaw, and a marinated seaweed salad.  They were all fresh, tasty, and a refreshing accompaniment for the spiciness that was to follow.

I'm a noodle junkie so we ordered the hot noodle soup and the szechuan cold noodle salad.  They were both excellent but the only difference is that 1 was hot & the other was cold so my advice would be to order just one.  The broth was sour, spicy, salty, extremely flavorful and the flour noodles were cooked to perfection.  Bean sprouts, cilantro, TONS of red chile slices, and some other cooked greens really added to the texture.  Make sure to mix it well so that you are getting all the ingredients in every bite.  Another great dish was the spicy braised beef in the hotpot.  I kid you not, it is SPICY and I think we actually picked a plate full of red chiles and jalapenos from the dish.  It had a nice soy broth but the best part is soybean sprout that is cooking at the bottom of the pot.  We didn't realize it was there until halfway through the meal and it was a pleasant discovery.  My advice again is the mix the hotpots thoroughly before consumption:  you don't know what goodies are at the bottom :)

Finally we had the dried beef fried rice.  It was subtle but the flavor was amazing & it was perfect to offset all the spice and entrees.

The total bill was only $36 which was the cheapest meal we had in Vegas.  I HIGHLY recommend Yun Nan and consider it to be quite a discovery and my taste buds thank me for it.  Can't wait to go back!!
I am sorry to pour on everyone's parade, but this place isn't all that.  This is the sister restaurant to the one in Monterey Park, CA.  Okay that is dead central Asian community, many may say this place can't compare and it's not bad for Vegas.  I am sorry I have to be fair and honest.  If you have been to the other restaurant then you will know that this place can NOT hold a candle.

For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/same-store-in-different-states-not-same.html

First off, this place is located in the most remote area.  It's back behind the more popular stores, away from the eyes of people.  There wasn't that many people there and when you go in you will see the people working there just sitting around chatting, which is fine.  We immediately went to get some small plate dishes.  My favorite at the one in Monterey Park is the "Fu Chi Fei Pian", which they had here.  It tasted somewhat similar but not quite.  Yes, it is spicy but it lacks real flavor.

My family really liked the Dan Dan Mien and they thought that was really good, but what I really wanted there was the Wontons in Chili Oil.  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! It was just pure chili oil and no flavor.  The one in Monterey Park is spicy and emanates flavor.  I didn't really care for the wontons either.  It really was just not that good.  I am glad we only came for an after dinner snack.  So disappointing after reading the rave reviews.  I was so excited to find out that this was the same chain as the one in Monterey Park.  

Yelpers, you got my hopes up and really let me down.  My family is pretty Chinese and my sister LOVES spicy food, but none of us really liked this place.  I guess for Vegas you can settle?  But I don't believe that to be true because Vegas has tons of great restaurants.  This place just doesn't measure up.  Sorry.
I have to agree with the reviews here.  Brought my in-law from mainland China and she was adamant about eating only Chinese.  In addition, she's from Wu Han which is accustom to spicy food.  She was all smiles and loved the speed of the service, taste of the dishes, and the spiciness levels.  Whew!  I was afraid she'd be bitching about eating American or Vietnamese food.

In any case, the food here is authentic.  Even the customers are from the mainland too.  The flavors are deep, oily, salty, and above all, spicy.  If you're looking for real Chinese food, this place is pretty close.  The service is real too, which is you gotta flag down the waitresses, be curt, and expect fast responses.

I took off one star for room for improvement.  Service could be more Americanized, more courteous, more structured.  Ahh, I guess Chinese will always be Chinese.
Oh, my....this is the kind of Chinese food I am crazy about.  The flavors are so intense and complex that I get full within a few bites.  I had Dan Dan noodles and a plate of their cold dish offerings from a converted salad bar setup.  I don't know exactly what the cold dishes were:  I think one was some kind of seaweed, one had edamame, chinese greens, cilantro and dried red peppers, one had big chunks of cucumber, one had fried or braised tofu slices, and one had pork ear (I asked because I like pork ear).  There were other things, but I wanted some green stuff to offset the noodles.  The plate of cold stuff costs an extra $4.50, but I got way more than my money's worth.  The Dan Dan noodles were thick and chewy, with a distinctive wheat taste, a rich, oily, spicy meat sauce that perfectly embodied ma-la flavors underneath, and chopped peanuts on top.

I'd had a very difficult time trying to choose a dish from the menu:  so many things looked good to me.  Sliced fish?  Preserved pork?  Lamb?  I'll have to go back again and again.

If you aren't used to spicy food, you might want to avoid some of the dishes marked as spicy on the menu.  Or maybe not, because you would be really missing out.

The atmosphere and decor are spartan/casual.  It doesn't matter.  The food is that good.
For my first review of 2009 I really wanted to find a 5 star place but I guess this one will have to do! It's hard finding 5 star places anyway so a 4 star review is just as good I'll say.

For some odd reason, everywhere else besides Orange County seems to be able to get Yunnan/Sichuanese food right. San Diego has awesome Sichuan cuisine and now we've found something in Vegas as well.

We decided to try this place out after reading the reviews and I'll have to say, yelp didn't lead us astray!

We started off with the appetizer buffet station where we got the ma la sliced beef and the tendon. I saw this table with a plate full of chilis so I asked the waitress what it was. She told me it was the 'spicy chicken'-- la zi ji. We got that cuz I wanted something super spicy. Then we got a dish for the young man, dried tofu with Chinese chives. I also like 'mi xien' a Yunnan speciality. Sichuan province and Yunnan province border each other so the food is similar --spicy as hell, mostly, featuring the Sichuan peppercorn.

The la zi ji kicked my ass! I mean I can eat spicy foods -- ie habanero -- but man this spicy chicken was super spicy. Maybe because the entire dish was filled with dried chilis -- about 70% chilis to 30% chicken. I was glad I ordered the other stuff which contained no chilis to balance out our palate.

When your mouth is in flames, take a few bites of the mi xien and drink a few sips of the broth. It really calms your mouth down.

All in all, a really nice meal. The gals there were sweet and came around many times to make sure we were enjoying our meal. I would definitely come back here again!!
slow service, unique menu, VERY spicy food via over-roasted chili seeds
===

In the same way that Peet and Starbuck extract extra flavor by burning their beans, Yunnan uses a very oily (peanut-based) burned/blackened chili seed paste as the base for their dishes. Must admit I'm new to food from this province/style, but every dish seems to imitate the flavors of my nana's hottest salsa: lots of cilantro and red-hot peppers that leave your nerve endings twitching for relief.

Other Yelpers weren't kidding that this is a destination for Chinese folks. We were the only non-Chinese people in the restaurant.

SERVICE SO SLOW WE THOUGHT THEY'D MISSED THEIR MEAT DELIVERY...
When we arrived we were seated in the corner and the server dropped the menus and hot tea. We then waited 30 minutes while three other parties arrived, were seated, their orders taken and their food delivered. Finally after a large 8-top next to us left, someone noticed us and came to take our order. We had started to wonder if the tea was a special arsenic blend and perhaps they had missed their New Year's meat delivery!

After 20 minutes I thought we might flee, but with the order taken from the third table to arrive after us I just wanted to see what would happen... I am on vacation after all, and am not rushing anywhere (ah, what a feeling). When the girl finally came over and I asked her for a reality check, her quizzical look reminded me why the menu items are numbered -- no English here. "Thirty minutes" with a distraught look seemed to convey something because she bowed her head in shame and took two steps back. Freeze frame. Non verbals abound. Impressive.

[aside] Sometime soon I want to do some research on cultural gestures of the body. Chinese take to pointing with a single finger, arm outstretched in a very quick motion -- think Godzilla. I noticed it standing in front of Notre Dame in Paris as hundreds of folks made this gesture at the 20-story monster in front of us that was the cathedral, as if there might be some mistake and they'd be looking at something else instead. This gesture contrasts the open-handed seemingly humble gesture of hospitality from Japan. Hmmm...  [end aside]

Goddam this food is effing hot. The noodle soup is dark red because that's oily chili paste in there! Tofu has a single flavor -- HOT. Lamb is exactly the same. GODDAM. It's uncomfortable to the absolute maximum that the body can take without just wretching it out all over the table.

I love it. What a burn! My scalp's every pore is pouring sweat down my neck and back and my nose is running faster than Usain Bolt in summer at Beijing. My face is on fire. My eyes are watering from the fumes wafting from what's left of my lips. My stomach is yelling bloody murder and threatening to take matters into its own hands with a promise that if I don't purge soon, the back-end burn will be at least as bad if not worse. Wow.

At some point, I gave up before I lost consciousness and stumbled to the counter to pay the bill. "How was it?" they asked.

My eyes widened as I drew a fiery breath, tears still streaming down my face, "OH! MY! GOD!"
Yun Nan Garden was brought to my attention courtesy of my fellow yelpers.  The Husband and I tried once before to check out this 'authentic' Chinese restaurant hidden away in the Spring Mountain area but arrived when it was closed.

We were on a mission and had a (small) crowd with us.  Taking no reservations, the five of us arrived around 6:30 pm on a Friday night.  With plenty of tables available, the waitress seemed conflicted as to where to put us.  In the end, a round table in the middle was where we ended up.

Our menu: 
  
* Boiled Beef with Szechuan Sauce ($9.25) - Arriving in a large bowl, pretty tasty stuff that you need lots of white rice to eat with.  Lots of spice and oil, but pretty good and is amongst their specialties.

* Wild Pepper Tofu ($7.85) - Soft tofu with lots of flavor and gravy.  Another good choice!

* Eggplant in Garlic Sauce ($7.85) - Really good as well, although not the favorite of the bunch.  

* Local Style Dry Pot Chicken ($9.25) - At least that's what I think we ordered...it arrived with a fire going on beneath it.  Others really enjoyed it, but it was okay to me.

* A pork or chicken dish with green bell peppers - It was a good dish, without the gravy.  It had hidden heat amongst the green bell peppers because green chilies were hiding in the dish.

I had low expectations on service, and you really don't come here for service.  No one spoke or understood any English, which was a major problem.  Only Mandarin speaking only!  We thought they forgot about a dish because it took so long, and we think they really did.  It eventually came out at the end.

Our second visit was a party of five again and this was our menu:

* Boiled Fish and Beef in Szechuan Special Sauce ($10.25) - Any of their "boiled" things in Szechuan special sauce is a good choice.

* Wild Pepper Tofu ($7.85) 

* Local Style Dry Pot Chicken ($9.25) 

* Potato ($7.85) - The Husband saw a lot of people ordering this on our first visit, so we had to get it.  It's potato that's been stir-fried without the spice.  It's a light dish and we liked it so much that it inspired us to make it at home.  (It comes out different at home, more like Chinese-style hash browns when I do it!)

* Sauteed (Garlic Sauce) Seasonal Vegetable ($7.85) - The vegetable was snow pea shoots which are always good when cooked with garlic.

* Pork Intestines - Stir-fried with lots of veggies.  It was good, but we just ordered too much food this time around.

Service was better the second time around, only because there was one waitress who spoke and understand English very well, AND she spoke Cantonese, which helped since my mom was there.  But everyone else who worked there just looked at us as if we were aliens whenever we tried to ask about anything.  I also had some problems getting my credit card receipt.  They gave me one to sign, but nothing to keep.  When I asked for it, it was a big deal to get a copy and I think it's because they really didn't understand that I just wanted my credit card receipt.

Go with a large group so you can try more things.  One dish for every person should be an ample amount.  The food is pretty authentic and there's a definite heat in it.  Most diners are native Chinese and this place definitely fills up by 7:30 pm.  Just don't have any expectations with service or anyone speaking English.

3.5 for really tasty and authentic Chinese food but negatives for crap service.

(Pics posted!)
yum yum tasty tasty, portions on some items a little skimpy, and the wait staff is a little a-loof, however it's totally worth it. The foood is really cool, quite authentic, and a great place to get away from the Vegas strip for a bit. If you're into the Yun Nan Province food this is a great place to start.
Maybe this type of food is simply "too authentic" for my stomach to take.  I typically like my food "spicy" ... but not "oily" like that!  Went there with four of my girlfriends and let's say that maybe we were all too "Americanized" to appreciate the food.  The service was definitely lacking - I suppose maybe we insulted them by picking at our dishes instead of eating them.  In the end, we finally gave up.  "Boxes?" -- asked one of the servers.  Um,... we all looked at each other and said, "no thanks."  We paid for dinner and went down the streets to another restaurant to have "more" dinner.  :-(
A nice surprise in a hard to find location. It's located on a small street parallel to Spring Mt. Road, the long street that takes you the Wynn.  The street is basically the rear parking lot to the main strip of restaurants and is easy to miss.    

Get the cha chang mien, stir fried bean curd, shredded pork in brown sauce (comes served atop a bed of cabbage), and the house special noodles and soup (item #1).  The chicken was gamy so I tossed it aside, but the broth was light and just right.  Everything else had me thinking I'd be back for another nice meal. 

Other reviewers were on the mark about the level of oil the restaurant uses on some dishes but it was tolerable. 

More authentic and out of the ordinary if you're willing to try a different menu. You won't find sweet and sour pork or walnut prawns here if you're craving Chinese Am.  But what a pleasant alternative in the middle of nowhere.
This place is still rock solid!  We ordered the garlic spareribs and were AMAZED at how good it was.  

Imagine fried minced garlic that taste like mini croutons.  A heaping mound of it was tossed on top of the fried ribs.  I've never had anything like it.  I was shoveling spoonfuls of it into my mouth....
We ate here twice while on vacation. The kids loved the Number 1 noodle soup (and so did we!), hubby loved the garlic spareribs, and I loved the MaPoDoufu and DanDan Mian. The second time we came, we had a Sichuan native with us and while she insisted they were all from Guangdong, she liked the food. My daughter (5 yrs old and also from Sichuan) LOVED their cold spicy doufu appetizer! We'll be back again, unfortunately it's a 7hour drive...
After beginning our recent dinner at a nearby restaurant and knowing that we were going to leave unfulfilled, The Husband and I suggested Yun Nan Garden to our friend who is always curious to try something new.

* Boiled Beef with Szechuan Sauce ($9.25) - We knew we wanted something with their specialty sauce, and we've ordered this dish twice before.  It's always been a winner, so why not go for it again.

* Bean Curd Fish with Szechuan Special Spicy Sauce ($9.25) - We asked for a recommendation for fish, and the waiter suggested this one.  It has a very similar sauce as the beef dish, but it also has peanuts in it too.  Loads of spice again!

* Home Style Potato ($7.85) - We wanted a potato dish and thought it was the same one we've ordered before where the potatoes are cut into strips and stir-fried.  This dish is different since the potatoes are sliced and boiled, it sits in a chicken broth with jalapenos.  It was good, especially against all the heat from the other dishes, but we wished we had gotten the other potato dish instead.

When you eat at Yun Nan Garden, you have to be prepared for the heat.  Our friend said he liked spicy, but had no idea it was going to be this spicy!  Bring on the water and tissues!  And for anyone hoping to skip the rice, impossible here because you need the white base to slop all the spicy goodness to slurp up!

Service was better this time.  A male waiter seated us and took our order.  Another girl brought our food, beverages, and our check over.  We had minimal contact with the wait staff this time, so maybe that worked in our favor.

We had plenty of leftovers from the two spicy dishes, but then it  might be because our friend couldn't handle the heat! Haha!

3.5 stars.
I like this place a lot.  Some folks on here seem to have gotten lousy service from people who didn't speak English, but everybody spoke pretty decent English both times I went.  The waitstaff seems to speak a lot of Mandarin, but I've heard a lot of patrons speaking what I think is Cantonese.  The owner's daughter, who speaks English without a touch of accent, was my waitress the second time, and she told me her family was from Yunnan province.  Anyway... food time.  The first thing I ate here was a huge bowl of catfish, beef, some vegetable that I think might have been Napa cabbage or something like that, tons of diced garlic in a thick broth, and a huge ladlefull of red chili oil on top.  It cost about $12 or $13 and it rocked my world.  I took the leftovers home and ate every drop.  I thought it was kind of similar to homestyle Thai or Laotian stews and soups. To get it I had to tell the waiter that I wanted something really good and really Chinese, something that he liked, and this was his recommendation.  The second time I ate here I got the lamb fire hot pot (about $12-$13), and it was also awesome, although the pieces of lamb were actually little chopped-up lamb ribs with only a little meat on each.  I'd say that there was only about 2 oz of actual lamb meat (and a whole ton of bones) in the whole thing, but it was still delicious.  Don't order any lamb dishes here unless they tell you they're going to give you real meat and not just bones.  The dish came in a bubbling hot pot with bean sprouts, essentially the same thick broth as the other dish, some really weird spice berry things that I couldn't identify but tasted great, cilantro, more chili oil, and some more odds and ends that made for a really unusual taste.  If it just had some more lamb I'd tell you to run out and get this thing right now.  I ate it all, of course.
Authentic Southwestern Chinese food. Try the boiled beef, it is awesome!
Very authentic southern Chinese food, meaning: 
particles of fatty meat and carbs and wilted veggies swimming in salty oil (more fat). 

This food trend is the reason for my eating absolutely nothing when I go to China, and this restaurant is the best representation of this trend I've ever tasted in Vegas (but then I haven't tasted around much, because I try to avoid such places). 

If you like eating more oil and salt than actual food, this place is probably the best in Vegas. Warning though: though it's not spicy enough for me, it's probably very spicy for most people.
I think I have to declare this the best non-dim sum Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  I went back in and had cumin beef and garlic spareribs.  The spareribs are a cool novelty.  Their flavor isn't exactly delicious, but they come amid a mountain of crazy-tasting bits of fried garlic with a strange carnival candy taste to them.  It's a fun dish, but I wouldn't order it again unless I wanted to show the novelty to a friend. The cumin beef, on the other hand, is a steel-toed boot full of flavor right up your tailbone.  I didn't realize anyone on earth would eat this much cumin... and it works!  It comes with tons of fresh cilantro, jalapenos, and garlic, and if you're a tough guy, you'll love it.  If not... go eat at Panda Express, you little sissy baby.
I had dinner here on 11 December 2009.  I had the Boiled Beef with Szechuan Sauce.  It was wonderful.  Finally, a Chinese restaurant that knows how to do hot/spicy food.

I read previous reviews and I recommend doing what others have done--ladle some of the beef onto your rice, eat, and repeat.  When finished, you'll have a nice bowl of spicy "rice soup" that is a super way to finish a meal.

Service was good.  The young servers seemed surprised that a caucasian would like the spicy food so much.  I will return and try some of their other, more exotic dishes.

Thanks to fellow Yelpers for giving me a reason to stop here before going next door to see a play at the Las Vegas Little Theatre,
Yun Nan Garden could be an intimidating place for many people, thanks to its slightly hidden location and a menu that's not going to be familiar to those whose experience of Chinese food doesn't go much beyond Panda Express and General Tso. But Yun Nan Garden holds some of the best Chinese food in Las Vegas, and is well worth venturing out of your comfor zone for. 

The atmosphere really isn't anything to speak of, it's pretty typical Chinese restaurant stuff. Booze is, as far as I know, limited to cans of Budweiser. But you're here for the food, and really not much else. There are a few standard Chinese dishes on the menu, but go for the Sichuan/Yunnanese dishes. I recommend:
- Chonqqinq chicken - this is my favorite. It's a pile of small pieces of deep-fried chicken served in a mound of Sichuan peppercorns and dried chilies. It's hot: you notice the kick with your first bite, but it's not too bad. Then your lips start to tingle and numb from the peppercorns, then your mouth catches fire from the chilies, delivering a satisfying burn and great flavor.
- Dan dan noodles - a standby of Sichuan cuisine, with ground pork, preserved vegetables and chili oil over noodles.
- Pea shoots sauteed in garlic - a nice change of pace from the heat and complex flavors of other dishes.

Prices are excellent, most dishes are $10-12 or under. One warning, though: it's not the best place for vegetarians, or even pescatarians. There's meat and poultry lurking in a lot of the dishes. But all in all, it's a star of Spring Mountain.
The sichuan restaurant is hidden in the back of the center of spring mountain.  I love the spicy!  Some of the dishes are a little salty, but the flavors are rich and the spicy menu works up a sweat for me.

The Yunan Cured Pork is delicious!  The moist ham-like pork is very tasty and I definitely recommend it.  The beef stew noodle soup has some nice heat and is great comfort food.  The cumin lamb is the spiciest dish I've tried.  Also the saltiest, but still great.

The service is acceptable.  The staff was friendly, but the english was pretty limited so ordering involved some finger pointing at the menu.  The Yun Nan Garden is one of the spicier restaurants I've eaten at and is good place to go when you feel like going to a place that will light up your tongue a bit without losing anything on the flavor.
oohhhhh Yummy!  My spicy food friend Derek and I came here after work for dinner and we went for trying 3 dishes.  We absolutely wanted the lamb in spicy dry pot, and I convinced him to try potatoes with green pepper, and we also wanted eggplant.  We tried to order eggplant in spicy paste a few times, but the waitress just said "garlic sauce."  She asked if we liked spicy and oh yes, we do!

The lamb pot had schezuan peppercorns which coated my mouth and tongue with a numbing sensation, and the jalepenos in the dishes were fresh (mmm), and it was very tasty.  We got complementary hot tea but no water.  The spice was legit but we survived nicely!

The food came out very fast, the waitress spoke English, and it seemed very authentic.  I thought it was a cool place to try out and would give it a go again (Derek eyed the non-spicy smoked duck on the menu). See pics!!!
A cuisine that has recently started appearing on the Vegas food scene is Chinese Szechuan, and one of the first restaurants to start serving it was Yunnan Garden. Szechuan cooking is much spicier than food from other regions of China, yet traditionally, Szechuan cooking was not as pungent or as hot as it is today. I don't find Szechuan cuisine I've had to be nearly as hot as what I've had at Indian or Thai restaurants, so if you prefer milder foods you don't have to avoid this cuisine that sounds spicier than it is.

The first dish that came to us today was the least impressive and least expensive, the Dan Dan Noodle ($5.95). It consisted of a sweet and overly salty sauce underneath a mound of noodles sprinkled with peanuts. You mix the noodles and sauce to combine, which you can somewhat do in a way that caters to your own preference for heavy or light dressing. The next dish to arrive was #156, sauteed seasonal vegetables with garlic sauce ($7.85, I'm not an expert on Chinese vegetables, but after looking at some pictures online I think what we had was Choy Sum). Though this generic 'seasonal vegetable' dish appears on most Chinese menus, you aren't quite sure what exactly what you'll be getting, and the degree of expertise used to prepare it can vary dramatically. This version was fantastic, with perfectly cooked vegetables, a light sauce that barely coated them, and excellent flavor. It's hard to tell where the flavor is coming from since there is barely any color, but I'm guessing there might be some MSG in there somewhere, judging by how shiny it was (Anthony Bourdain claims food gets glossier the further West you move due to the use of this magical ingredient. MSG produces a sensation on the tongue which can only be described as umami). Other than the fact that children and pregnant women should stay away from it, I'm not averse to the use of MSG. It's a pretty remarkable ingredient that can really add to a dish, however, it should be consumed in moderation and is usually considered culinary cheating. If the vegetables didn't have MSG, the Fish Fillet in Spicy House Special Sauce ($10.25, #57) that was our entree almost certainly did (see how shiny it is in my picture). I was totally willing to risk consuming the controversial ingredient, however, because the dish was great and a fantastic deal; the plate could easily have served four people with hearty appetites. Though seafood is not an integral part of Szechuan food, freshwater fish is, and there is an abundance of it on Yunnan's menu. This fish was flaky and moist, and the sauce was pungent, spicy, and rich with the color of chilies. I loved the use of crunchy fried soy beans on top and the bed of incredibly fresh soy bean sprouts underneath, but it was a bit oily. Despite the oil, I didn't feel stuffed, and despite the possible health risks, I would order it again.

It's a little difficult to get your bearings when ordering at Yunnan Garden as the choices are numerous and the descriptions vague, but everything coming out of the kitchen looked pretty good. Don't count on much help deciphering from the waitstaff unless you speak the language, but if you stick to your personal preferences you should be fine. Just remember, don't bring the kids and leave the pregnant ladies at home. (Note: Many restaurants -not just Chinese- use MSG, and it is also present in a lot of processed snack foods because of its addictive qualities. I'm not trying to single out Yunnan Garden as a culprit.)

Tip: The restaurant is difficult to find. The best way I can direct you is to go to the far back side of the one story strip mall between Valley View and Arville on the south side of Spring Mountain. It's part of that same set of buildings.
My Chinese fiance and I go here. The food is pretty good and passes her taste test.
This particular restaurant has locations in the LA area as well. I don't recall if I've ever been to any of the LA Locations.  
Prettty standard for chinese food they have an area at the front with a bunch of small appetizers you can choose, but didn't order anything from that...ordered an Eggplant Dish and a Fish Dish...

It was okay fully flavored maybe a bit too much...

Nothing to write home about but pretty standard food to me.
12:30 Wednesday Nov 3.  Small place.  Friendly staff.  Did not let me know about the appetizer bar they have.  $4.50 for 3 cold appetizers.  They have a pot of tea for you as soon as u sit down.  I had their Shrimp Chow Mein, $9.00.  The waitress seemed a little concerned when i ordered that which scared me so i asked what she recommened and she said "this ok."  It was all noodles with green onion & yellow onion & half a dozen shrimp.  Nothing special.
We had dinner here a few weeks ago. 

We got the smoked duck and the eel sauteed with dry pepper. 

The duck tasted like ham and the eel had an unusual flavor that I did not care for.
I've only just found out about this place thru yelp, and I agree it's pretty good and authentic.  We ordered a lamb dish that came in a small pot, some fried shrimp, and mapo tofu...everything was delicious but SPICY.  I loved it!  We just drank more water and ate more rice with everything.

It's a very cheap meal.  Also none of the waitresses seems to speak English.  We didn't care though because I'm not opposed to just pointing :-P
duck was super dry, the waiters didn't speak english and I think I could have cooked myself a better meal, which is not saying much
I asked the waitress how good is their Yunnan style rice noodle soup, she smiled and said,"It is the best in the US."  I have tried two from their list so far (not the first one though, as if No. 6 and 7?), they both taste pretty good.  
Only con is, most staff don't speak much English.  Guess they get enough business from Chinese customers, good for them :)
I went here again, and had very similar items.  I love the fried shrimp so I ordered it again.  It's crunchy and so yummy...completely unhealthy for you, but I'm not really looking to eat healthy when I come here.  I also tried the beef dry pot since I like dry pots, and we all thought the beef one was better than the lamb (it's made the same way but we just like beef more).  The dry pot has bean sprouts at the bottom which I think makes a nice contrast to the spicy beef (it helps to lessen the spiciness and add a crunch).  As for the tofu dish, I ended up liking it as well, but it wasn't what I thought I had ordered.  It's completely my fault though since I don't speak mandarin or read Chinese.  I was thinking by the English description "fried tofu with pepper sauce" that it would be cubes of crunchy fried tofu with a dipping sauce on the side, not a stir-fry with vegetables.

My only warning about this place is that if you are like me, and don't speak or read Chinese, you will find it more difficult to speak with the waitress and read the menu.  I'm ok with trying new things though so it's not a big deal to me.  Also you might feel a little uncomfortable among a full restaurant of Chinese speakers.  This time around, the waitress didn't say a single word to us, hehe, she didn't even try.  I don't care as long as the food comes and is yummy.
This is my favorite place for Chinese rice noodle.  It tastes just like the ones I had when I was little!  Service is fast.  The cold dishes are good as well! 

I come here every time when I visit Las Vegas.  It's definitely a must visit place for those who come from southwest China or if you just want to try some thing new!
perty freakin good.

This is some good chinese food. The first time I went there and I found out that have those appetizer plates with 3 different meats for 5 bucks I was ecstatic! This place is so good! and the best part is that its hidden behind chinatown! They have really good chicken dishes, and beware if you want to eat there be prepared to eat spicy!

Yun Nan China is well known for their spicy foods! so they can really make it tingle. just letting you guys know.

but overall its a great place to eat, only downside, they close at 9pm. wtf is that right, especially if its vegas, cmon everything is open 24 hours.. apparently not..  

but if you wanna just go grab some grub somewhere youve never been try Yun Nan,.. tasty tasty tasy
I'll keep it short: One of our favorite places to eat in Vegas. We come here 3-4 times a month.

Service is better now that they have replaced the two college-aged girls. Those two were horrible. They never recognized you as a "regular" and you had to ask for everything.
I'll keep it short: Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had, so authentic and really feels like a well-kept secret since it's tucked in the back of the other shops.  Average service, not much to say on decor, but..

OMG!  SPICY!  SPICY SPICY SPICY!  

I normally can down just about anything, I LOVE Curry, but a third into my meal, I had to cry uncle, it was too much!  I was there on a first date and we couldn't stop laughing because our faces were bright red!  I even tried taking it home and eating it later that night with some yogurt and it burst into flames while eating it!   

(Maybe it's a great date spot, all things considered, because you can just make small talk about how spicy everything was...)
This was some of the best Chinese food I've had in a while. 

This place is secretly tucked away inside the back of one of the Chinablocks in Las Vegas.

The thing that I love about Chinese food is that there are so many different types of Chinese cuisine.

Yun Nan Cuisine is extremely spicy and the peppers they use will actually make your tongue go numb. I didn't like it as much when I was younger but it has grown on me.

My parents took me here one night when we visited Vegas and the dishes were made so well.

The dish that stood out the most was surprisingly a simple Chinese vegetable dish. 

I could tell the Chef knew what he was doing. With real Wok experience, he brought out the "wok hei" or "wok qi" for my mandarin speaking friends.  If you have never experienced eating Chinese food embodied with wok hei then your missing out. 

Seriously wiki it and then come here and try the food. I hope the Chef is still flipping and frying that food, in that wok over an open flame because everyone should get a chance to eat quality Chinese food.
It doesn't get any better than this place.  If you really know good Chinese food, then you know that this is one of the top spots in Las Vegas or the West Coast.  This place tops any place I've been to in Seattle.

If you are used to eating dumbed-down Chinese food for the "American palate", then you probably won't like it.  I suggest you try the Chinese restaurants that have a sign in front that says "Chinese and American Food".
Good food, great pig's ears. This place is something you'd find in LA. There's a small deli in the front where you can choose small plates/appetizers to share. 

Yunnan is known for it's rice noodles, and this place has some legit noodle soups. I ordered the beef tripe rice noodle soup as well as stir-fried bamboo and pork. It was pretty delicious. The prices are right and not expensive. If you're hungry for some legit noodle soup and cold appetizers, this place is it.
I do not know what I would do without Yelp!  How would ever I find this hidden gem on my own? 

Walked up to the cold counter, picked three items for a plate and was helped by the owner, Ivy.  Tried the fried tofu, garlic cukes and a chinese Kim Chee (wrong word but you get the idea).  Wifeypie and I were dripping from the Kim Chee and the tofu, and it got hotter when we stopped eating it!

Ivy then came over to the table, inquired if we had been to the restaurant before and then proceeded to help us order, we had not a clue.  This smiling cheerful woman was a pleasure to share some time with.

We ordered the number 1 rice noodle soup and number 55, Deep Fried Fish Filet Sauteed w/ Spicy Sauce.  The soup was very good, the fish was one of the best fish dishes I have ever had, SPECTACULAR!  

After we ordered, Ivy brought over another plate from the cold cart, with dried fish with chili and peanuts, pork and beef tendon (I am guessing it was tendon from the texture) and seaweed salad.  Again, it was all delish!  This was her gift for us!

I hope this place stays true to its roots in the future, we will definitely be coming back here on future trips to visit our money in LV!

Thank you Yelp, thank you Ivy, and thank you whatsherface for picking Yun Nan Garden for lunch today!

;-)
I went there on a Tuesday afternoon around 3pm.  It was full of Asian People and I thought this has to be good.  I ordered the Spicy Chicken just like the picture #42.  I was served hot tea and my order came in a reasonable time.  The chicken was cooked in a crunchy manner and it had a lot of red chili pepers (which I like) but I found the food way too dry and salty.  I asked the waiter if I could order some sauce to put on my food (and rice) and was told No.  I said the rice and chicken was rather dry and I would like to ordrer some sauce, any sauce, to top my order.  He brought me 3 packages of Soy Sauce.  I said the table already had soy sauce, vinagar sauce, and chili paste on the table, what I wanted was some sauce like a gravey to top my food and he said, "No Sauce".  I bagged my food and left.  I didn't feel the service was even close to adaquate.  I was under the impression that the place you eat at should accomadate your taste and wishes, I was eager to pay for some sort of sauce (gravey like) to top my dish and do not feel there was any attempt to accomadate my wishes.  From this experience, I will not probably ever eat there again.  All the other dishes that customers odered looked good and looked like authentic Chinese food.  I wanted this experience to be good, as I heard a lot of good things about this resturant, but I have  nothing good to say about my dining experience there on this occassion.
The cold dishes in front were great.  However, the plates that we ordered off the menu were just ok... on the oily and salty side.
So this is where all of the Chinese people have been hiding! At least the Chinese people who enjoy authentic delicious food!  

We ordered the noodle soup and it was exactly what we were hoping for.  The spice level was numbing and the broth was so flavorful- just as we had experienced in the Yun Nan province.  This alone is a 5 star dish and I will definitely order it again and again. 

From the cold counter, we picked out some spicy cold beef, pig ear, and peanuts with dried anchovies-  to quiet our rumbling tummies while we waited for our order. It was the perfect appetizer and the heat in the beef prepped us for the spice level that was to come. We also ordered the spareribs in fried garlic, sauteed pea sprouts, and chicken fried rice.  These were pretty good as well- but obviously that noodle soup was the star.  

The service wasn't the friendliest, but quick and efficient.  It is that numbing spice that is calling me back! I am so glad to have finally found a Chinese Restaurant that I can proudly take my in-laws when they are visiting from Hong Kong.
Awesome!  The best $20 you can spend in Vegas (for dinner for 2).

We found this place on Yelp and dropped by around 7 o'clock on a Thursday.  It was packed and we grabbed the last available table.

We surveyed the offerings on the cold buffet (3 for $4.50) and chose the pig ears, the beef tongue and chicken feet.  A very generous portion and all were delicious. 

For our mains, we had the "Boiled Beef and Fish in Szechuan Sauce," which is actually the classic Szechuan hot pot and an order of Dan Dan Mien (spicy noodles with ground meat).  We ordered both with maximum heat and they were both pretty spicy and absolutely delicious. 

Everyone in the restaurant was speaking Mandarin and all of the staff and 99% of the customers were obviously Chinese from the PRC.  This is no Taiwanese or Hong Kongese upscale dining experience.  It's an authentic PRC chow hall.  It was extremely loud and lively and pretty much exactly like being in this class of restaurant in China.

Szechuan is my favorite province in China and although the food wasn't  quite up to what you'd get in Szechuan it was a pretty damn good facsimile.  We didn't bring our own beer but half the other tables did and I'd advise you to do the same.
What an amazing culinary experience I had in this off the beaten path restaurant, the dishes we order were authentic and flavored w such an amazing balance and kick. I must say this could become my favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas, I haven't had this good of a culinary time since Shanghai noon closed is doors. If you don't know what to order from the vast menu just ask the friendly staff and they will help you select some great food. Njoy
Solid choice for Chinese food, which specializes in Yunnan regional cooking, but their other dishes are solid as well.  The #1 item is the signature, which is Yunnan chicken noodle soup - and you'll find the story on the cover of the takeout menu.  Tasty.

Dan Dan noodles are best I've had this side of the Pacific.  This place does not disappoint.
The food is still very good, but the place is getting way over-crowded.  We have been coming here for several years now.  However, in the past year, this place has had an explosion of popularity.  The most troubling part are the buses.  I mean greyline big buses.    When one leaves another arrives filled with Chinese tourists.

Tonight is the first time we have made the trip there and there was a long-line coming out the door.  A year+ ago, there was never a problem of getting in almost immediately any day of the week.

The food is still the best.  I cannot recommend this place enough for the food, but be prepared to wait, and get seated at a common table.
Had been here for a lot of times but it is the first time to review.

I have to say it is one of the most popular Chinese Restaurant in Vegas.  Beef rice noodle is very good and it is not that spicy.

My recent favorite is Suan Tang Yang Rou -- which is the lamb soup with a spicy and sour taste --really good for winter time!

I also love Ye shan jiao ji za or Ye shan jiao rou si -- this is really spicy because of a special and preserved pepper in it...but I LOVE spicy food as my home town is actually not far away from Yun Nan. :D

Home style Tofu is good, too.  It is not that Spicy.

Try Xiang La Xiao Yang Pai -- it is crispy and spicy.

Beijing Yogurt is very popular!  I bet most Chinese people miss this flavor from their childhood...To me, it tastes much better than almost all the American yogurt here! 

Anyway, it is a place we usually go if we do not want to cook Chinese food by ourselves.  It is really good for 2 people to spend like $30 for a dinner and we do pack away for the next day too! lol
I heard that they make really good noodles, and I have to agree. Plus, all their noodle dishes are under $9. I'm not surprised that they get really long lines every night.
3.75 stars for now. I had a few dishes I didn't like but I'm addicted to the ones I liked.

I took 4 tums today and my stomach (and anus) is still on fire. This was my first experience with Szechuan food and by the end of dinner I concluded that I liked it. I also learned that (1) I should bring a Chinese friend and (2) should order non-spicy items to balance out the meal. 

Our group of four ordered 8 dishes + appetizer and I ordered 4 of them (fatty, I know!). 

1. Fish fillet and tofu in spicy soup - Tasted like fire. I love spicy but not when there is no flavor to it but fire. Didn't even take the left overs home.

2. Fish fillet in house special sauce - Spicy but flavorful! This plate is HUGE. I think it's about 4 servings.

3. Pork spare ribs - Sweet, spicy, crunchy, fried, fatty! This was one of my favorite dishes. Must try! Be careful of the small pieces of bone though.

4. Chicken with onions - A Chinese dish you can find at Panda (but superior). Enjoyed it even though it was mild! And the onions were sauteed perfectly.

5. Dumplings (spicy) - Mediocre, I wouldn't get it again.

6. Lamb (spicy) - I liked it. The flavors tasted to the Beef dry pot. The only difference was the lamb has more of a distinguished taste. 

7. Beef dry pot (spicy) - I liked this dish because it incorporated vegetables but IMO it looked better than it tasted.

8. #1 noodles in egg soup - The waitress recommended this noodle this as their most popular one. It's not spicy (which is fine) but the soup was somewhat bland. One of my friends used the soup to rinse off spice from the other dishes. Even though I didn't love the soup, I'm willing to try a different noodle dish because quality of the noodles were pretty spectacular. 

9. Appetizer - Cold items: Tofu, Seaweed, and Beef. Out of the three, the tofu was the best. It was thinly sliced with nice salty taste. The beef resembled very thinly sliced beef jerky. It was good but it wasn't so memorable. The strings of seaweed reminded me of a Korean side dish. To be honest I'm biased because I don't really like the Korean version of the seaweed so obviously I didn't really like the Chinese version either.
BEST CHINESE IN VEGAS. When all the Chinese tour buses drop off their passengers at Yun Nan, you know this place is good.

FOOD: Chinese restaurants in Vegas are either unauthentic, too salty, or leave a bad taste in my mouth. Yun Nan is authentic and will kick your butt with flavor. There is so much to choose from; the menu is huge! I haven't had the opportunity to try more than a few dishes. The Noodle dishes I could live without.... but their Mapo Tofu is the best in town and their white fish seafood dishes are ALL delicious.

SERVICE: The service isn't bad. Its just hard to communicate with the waitresses. They don't speak a lot of English. If you can't speak Mandarin... just order using the numbers. 

CREDIT CARDS: Minimum $20
One of the hundred best Chinese restaurants in America. Not once, but twice. I can definitely see why after a quick lunch. For two, an order of their Eggplant in Spicy Sauce and House Style Spicy Lamb was enough for two meals. Now, I don't mean for it to sound like throwing an abundance of food on a plate makes it good. There are plenty of restaurants where it is quite the opposite. Not at Yun Nan Garden though. 

My friend and I were both pleased with our meal. All the veggies maintained and kept their textural integrity. The lamb was tender and kept it's promise of heat. The eggplant was oily, but the flavor was complex. It was not spicy and made me think that they gave us the Eggplant in Garlic Sauce. Either way, I loved the meal. 

They do not have any lunch specials, but the prices are low. Most dishes hover around $7-$12. Our bill came to $22 before tip. For two meals, I would say that is a win.
My family enjoys szechuan a lot, and this restaurant, though not the best we've ever been to, is one of the best in Las Vegas.  We first ordered a bowl of their well known noodle soup.  This rice noodle soup did not strike me as being that special.  It just wasn't that particularly flavorful...but everyone else around us had a bowl, and they seemed to enjoy it.  Next we had the soft tofu with fish in szechuan sauce.  I enjoyed it...I'd say the intensity is dulled a bit, but the flavor is still there.  This dish was an enjoyable departure from our usual fish in chili broth.  I think my favorite dish though was a completely non spicy dish:  bitter melon with eggs.  In Yun Nan's version, they stir fried the egg separately with the bitter melon.  The melon was not overly bitter, and so very palatable.  Our second noodle dish was the cold noodles in szechuan sauce (?)...nothing really special, though the noodles were very chewy.  Next time I will try the dan dan noodles.

The service was very prompt with all the dishes coming out rather quickly and at once.  The ambience and location were nothing to note, but the food is good enough for us to return in the future.
Authentic Yunnan province food. So authentic no one speaks English.  The Menu is translated very poorly, there are no descriptions of the type of beef or chicken or what ever it is you're ordering.

 Don't expect them to have egg rolls or fried wantons. And whats more they don't even carry Chinese beer, they only have Heineken. Say what?  The waitress was very rude, but that's expected. Go somewhere else, go next door, its delicious and they help you with the menu.
Wow was extremely surprised at how good this place was.  It is a little hard to find its behind the plaza with Lee's Sandwiches and Pho Kim Long.  It has about 15 tables and is well suited for groups as some of the tables have a dish carousel in the middle. 

The food is some the best Chinese food I have had in the US, even the tea was good. This is as authentic as you'll find.   The service was extremely good and our food came out quickly.  I highly recommend the Mapo Tofu, Lamb with Cumin and house special fried rice.  

This place is a must try.
When you can find authentic Chinese food, Szechuan food to boot, it's a place that you should always remember as a go-to. This cuisine is effing delicious and little havens like this restaurant just aren't too many places.

Not only are they rare, but to experience the food well you really need to be open to new experiences and have someone there who speaks Chinese. It's hard to thrive otherwise.

Anyways, what kind of food can you expect? Well ... let your Chinese friend handle it or go with anything with noodles (they're made in-house) and order some of the cold plates at the counter to start.

My absolute favorite dish was the Szechuan style spicy fish soup. Get some rice to eat with it and you have some TASTY stuff. Order this even if your Chinese friend doesn't want to.

If you're in Vegas for vacay you'll probably be busy with restaurants on the strip. But if you want something different then come here.
Since last night was my fourth visit to Yun Nan Garden I suppose it is time for a review.  This may be my very favorite Chinese Restaurant.  One of their signature dishes is a famous noodle called Crossing Bridge Rice Noodle that is named from a famous legend of a woman who walked a long distance crossing a bridge to bring her husband lunch and discovered a way to keep the broth warm and cook the noodles and thin meats to have the dish taste fresh when she served it to him.

As soon as you are assigned a table go to the appetizer counter and select three items which they will put on a plate for you.  I highly recommend the baked tofu, chopped pickled long beans, and peanuts with dried fish.  Don't worry about the spice, my friend with the delicate palate was fine.

For entrees stick with food from the Sichuan or Yunnan region.  These are their specialties.  Be prepared for flavors you have never experienced.  This is a must in Las Vegas, even if it does mean you have to get in a cab and leave the strip.  If you go for dinner, the prices will more than compensate for the cab ride.
Good, know what they cooking. you will hate panda express after this.
U can actually call their Kung Pao chicken...... Kung PAO CHICKen. Not Americanized at all, the best spicy Chinese food place in Vegas.
Went here and tried a couple of different dishes. Was really average and the service was bad. I had the eel soup and .. something else. See I forgot it already. It was breakfast time and I was less than impressed with the food or service. Mayne I caught them at a bad time or something. I see some stellar reviews on here and I just didn't get anything worth going back for.
It's starting to become a must eat location before leaving vegas.  Szechuan cuisine is on the spicy side, so beware before going here.

We usually get the boiled fish and the eggplant in spicy sauce; both are packed with flavor that tastes so good that it hurts...  My friends eat it with rice but I opt for the carbless version and just eat meat and veggies.

The only thing about it is the typical service you would expect from an Asian restaurant.
The food is great here and authentic.

The Yunan noodle soup here is not bad at all.

My pet peeve with this place is that the owner of this restaurant keeps all the tips, not the waitress.

One of the owner, the older lady works as cashier/waitree is the one takes all the tips. I think she is also the wife to one of the owners. That is why you don't see her do too much work.

I learned this after I went to eat with one of my friend, and she knows one of the former waitress that used to work there.

That is why you would get substandard service there, and what the restaurant is doing is deceiving to the customers.
Located in the China town just a hop away from the strip (u do need to drive there).  Had our last meal in vegas last Saturday  here as a family.  We ordered medium spicy periwinkle for me, pot stickers for my older son, Yun Nan rice noodle with chicken for me also, beef with black bean sauce for my husband, and tomato egg (not on the menu) for my younger son.  

Everything tasted ok to good to me, we all had our fill for Chinese at the end except my younger one who was the picky eater for the night.

They are not related to the one in Temple City on Las Tunas according to the old waiter,  even though the name is the same.  The menu is very different also.  

Overall, the food was decent but not great.  The "over the bridge" rice noodle or "guo qiao mi xian" as in Chinese is not authentic in taste at all.  I've had this so many times to know the taste was off right away.  It could be passed off as " guo qiao mi xian" to the less experienced palette, but it didn't quite nail the nuanced balance of meat, aromatics, and body.

I didn't try the pot stickers, but judging from my older son's swift action, I know it must be edible.  But then again he is such an easy kid, when he's hungry he pretty much tolerates any food except the sea food. 

The beef with black bean sauce was ok but not great.  

The periwinkle dish was pretty good.  The tomato egg is little bit on the salty side and too oily for my taste.  

Overall it was an ok place.  No service, no water on the table either just a pot of tea which is not what I wanted at 10pm at night.  

Medium portion compare with some of the Chinese restaurants in LA.  But the price is not too high for Vegas.  

Owners don't speak English.

With tax, tip and my hubby's beer, the bill was under $100.  Not too bad for Vegas.
Nicely spicy, authentic Sichuan-style food. We had the Ma Po Tofu twice and it was perfect the first time, but overly salty the second--inconsistent. The salty food is still good, but needs to be toned down with a lot of rice. The Yunnan noodle soup is OK, not amazing. Do try the cold appetizers! And if you like fresh greens, ask the server about the seasonal Chinese veggies which aren't on the menu.
I went to Vegas for a conference last month. It was pretty convenient to get to the restaurant from the Strip. The bus stop was outside of the Venetian Palazzo hotel and the China town was 3 stops away. For $3, you can get a round-trip.
The food in Yun Nan Garden is definitely authentic. I love their noodle soup. I also tried the Beijing yogurt and their small plates. You can order 3 appetizers on a small plate. I picked spicy beef, duck and a veggie dish. All were delicious and absolutely authentic.
Yun Nan Gardens is in a remote area but once you find this treasure box of a restaurant, you'll really love this place. this kind of restaurant is definitely for the adventurous and the foodies trying to explore. 
My family and I came here on a whim, and now we are hooked.  i highly suggest this place if you still want to have a good time in Vegas by still having some cash in your pockets. this restaurant is a nice change from the buffets and the fast food in and around the strip. 
 this place is awesome because the food here is delicious. i would suggest some items but i only know them in chinese. but the point is to be adventurous and try something new.
This place is a gem for spicy food lovers.  Been here twice on my Vegas trips and all the dishes I have tried did not disappoint! Can be packed at times but they serve fast. Go hungry to fill up your stomach with yummy food!
Authentic Chinese spicy food. when I say spicy, I mean it. The heat here is not for the faint of heart. Everything is very good. I would recommend bringing a Chinese friend to help navigate the menu.
this is the BEST CHINESE FOOD IN LAS VEGAS i had so far. if you're a spice lover this is the place to go. we ordered two dish (2 of us): liang mein and fried spicy chicken. both were so delicious we order 2 more dishes to take home. ma po tofu and dan dan mein, both tasted even better !! this place is amazing and will definitely go back !!

but be warned: the wait staff don't speak english well....but how much more authentic can you get ? :) (they do have pictures in the menu so you can just point, for all you only english speaking customers)
We came here based on the Yelp rating and weren't disappointed.  You WILL stand out if you're anything but native Chinese coming here to eat, but push through that and you'll be rewarded with great food.  We order by the number (as someone else's review suggested) and were enjoyed stir fried lamb (with jalapenos and peppers!), white rice, and pork chow mein.  It was all grand stuff!  Maybe next time we go we'll go in a crowd (it was just me and the wife) and bring our Chinese-speaking friend with us.
By far one of the best Chinese food I've eaten, ever. SF/LA, got nothing on this place. Foods great, spice and flavor is amazing. Very quant and low key spot, you definitely need to know where your going to find it, in the "back alleys" but worth it when you find it.
I love, love, love this place...

A  small hard to find hole in the wall place in China Town in Las Vegas but if you are willing to look it is not a hole in the wall and not that hard to find!  The decor is nice neat and the service is competent and polite for hard core China Town.  I don't mind having a fake smile greeting for great authentic food.  This is one of the places  I find it...

This is authentic Northern Chinese food so if you do not like spice please avoid because most of it is hot hot hot.  However if you like heat and you know the difference between Hot and Burn your face off, hot v/s spice is the question.  This place uses chillies, peppers, veggies and spice to create a perfect balance of flavor.  Don't get me wrong it is HOT but it also has flavor any HOT person will love this place I personally LOVE it as much as my stomach and intestines will allow it.  My father in-law whose glasses steamed up and sweat running off his face, also claimed he love hot but after clarified not hot but spice will disagree with me.  

So, know your spice, and love every minute of this place!  We got the Spicy White Fish, some days it is very deep fried most days it is nicely deep fried The Cumin Lamb is our favorite.  I look forward to trying some veggies after reading other reviews asian veggies are my favorite and will forgo other options some days for the best veggies!

Can't wait to come back...
This hole in the wall defines fantastic Northern Chinese cuisine.  I was brought here by an in-the-know Chinese woman, and she laughed at the fact I was the lone "round eye" in the place.  A tour bus full of National Chinese had all the other tables.  I have never had better tofu-based dishes, loaded up with fresh Chinese greens, garlic, pea nuts, onions and chile flakes.  Just an intense flavor bomb.  Better still, thin strips of pig's ear, the preferred source of porky goodness.  Do yourself a favor and dive deep here.  The seven dishes we had were a miracle in highlighting the nuanced joy of eating this cuisine.
Food

Important Note - The food is Northern Chinese (Szechuan) so it is SPICY.  Yes, that spicy.  But it is a good spicy as you can taste the flavors of the food, not just the spiciness.  
I was kind of lost in the menu since I didn't know most of the dishes.  It is not your "typical Chinese American food".  If you are looking for typical Chinese American food, this is not the place for you.  However, if you like to try something new, I would highly recommend it.  I must confess that I don't remember what I ordered, but it was really good (and spicy).  The prices are reasonable.  Most dishes are around $10.

If you like spicy food, I would rate it a must try (10/10).  If you can handle some spicy food, it is worth a try (8/10).  If you don't like spicy food, go to Panda Express.

The service was good and the waitress was friendly.  She was very patient as we didn't know what to order, but she kept checking on us.  10/10.

Location
The restaurant is located off the strip, but not too far away (maybe 1-2 miles).  If you have a car, its no problem.  If you don't it could be a problem.  The restaurant had a homely feel.  It is in a newer building, otherwise I would call it a hole in the wall restaurant.
3 1/2  stars. It's hard to believe that I've been coming to LV for years and never visited this place. Located just south of Spring Mountain. Parking was no problem finding.

The patrons - all Asian and yes the vans of tourist filled the place even during the evening. My order the cumin lamb and garlic eggplant. The lamb was spicy but not excessive, the eggplant was flavorful but had to much chili oil and overcooked. I couldn't even eat a third of the dish.

The service was decent, I haven't giving up on Yun Nam. I'll return again a try some other dishes next time.

.
We came looking for Dong Ting Springs Hunan restaurant, a favorite restaurant of ours; however, it's no longer in existence. We entered this restaurant, located right next door to the former Dong Ting Springs, on a whim. My heart sank when I saw the steam table on the left. There was a group of Caucasians at a large table eating chow mein and fried rice. Too late to beat a retreat so we sat down. 

We noticed that the other patrons were Asian and NOT eating chow mein and fried rice. We were relieved to see the extensive menus populated by authentic Szechuan and other regional specialties. We ordered the lamb chops with pepper, garlic eggplant, some sort of spicy noodle soup dish with won tons, and the smoked duck. Our selections were cooked to order and did not come from the steam table. They were delicious and strongly flavored. Why would anybody come in here and order chow mein and fried rice?

The service was prompt and attentive and a couple of the waitresses spoke pretty good English. There were specials on the white board, but they were written in Chinese. The waitress described one item as kidneys and pointed to her sides. There are frog and eel dishes, along with intestines, pig ears, etc. We noticed the regulars ordering some sort of noodle dish which was listed as item number one on the menu. Some regulars also ordered take-outs from the steam table. We highly recommend this restaurant for its authenticity, prompt service, delicious foods cooked to order, and English-speaking waitresses. We will definitely return.
I was so happy to find this place 5 years ago and I have been coming ever since! They have the most authentic yunnan rice noodles! (Guo quio mi xian). My family is from the yunnan province of china so I am use to the home cooked dishes! The yunnan noodles are nothing compared to kunmings noodles but it's close enough!
Hahaha! Most of the reviews here with less than four stars are obviously written by people who have NO IDEA what REAL Chinese food is about. They were apparently disappointed that they didn't find some Americanized version of Hong Kong style dishes that have been sitting under heat lamps in buffet trays the entire day, cooked with corn-starched shrimp, steamed vegetables and garlic loaded sloppy noodles. This is an INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH Chinese restaurant..as one reviewer here said "a PRC chow hall." The food, ambience and service are just like any dining experience you would have in Beijing, Nanjing or Hangzhou. NO Guandonghua spoken here! Loud, busy,crowded and energetic with AWESOME food that will knock you on your ass. Go ahead and WHINE about how its too small, its not easy to find on a main drag, you have to wait too long for a table, the decor isn't fetching enough or the menus  are mostly in CHINESE; blah, blah, blah. WHO CARES? The FOOD here is the main event (isn't that why you go out to eat at restaurants in the first place?, DUH!) and WHAT an EVENT it is! Yeah, it's spicy with lots of chili and chili oil...but its all FRESH: the MOST authentic and creative Chinese food I have expereinced anywhere outside of Mainland China. On top of everything else...it's ONE HECK OF A DEAL: our dining party of six ordered two appetizers from the cold counter, 10 main dishes and two rice plates. The total tab was still LESS than $100. For the uninitiated, certainly worth at least one trip to see how its done in the old country because if you have not yet experienced it, you won't understand.....It doesn't get any better than this...THE REAL DEAL!
Yun Nan is a wonderful Sichuan restaurant.  Great selection of flavorful and spicy dishes...more delicious and authentic than any Chinese restaurant on the strip, and inexpensive too!

The best dishes we ordered at Yun Nan:

Mapo Tofu
Dan Dan Mien
Salt and Pepper Shrimp

The mapo tofu was one of the best I've ever had, great flavor, perfectly spicy and just great dish here.  The Dan Dan Mien was also delicious with sesame paste, pork, and noodles.  The salt and pepper shrimp was very addicting...we ordered two plates of all three dishes.

This place is great for large groups, service is friendly, and is one of the best cheap eats in Vegas.
Awesome!

Had a friend vising town and staying at the Rio, so we wanted to have lunch somewhere close, and Chinese food was requested.  Of course I Yelped it, and this place came up with high marks.

Amazing menu with so many items you never see on the "Americanized" version of so many menus.  Don't worry, for those who love the same ol' standard, they have all those items as well, but there was frog, dried fish, whole fish, tripe, and all kinds of amazing sounding dishes I wanted to try.

I love the photo inserts of the house special dishes.  Although I really wanted to order 10 things, we decided on 2 dishes.  Spicy lamb with cumin which was phenomenal!  And guess what?......it was SPICY!!!!  Thank you Yun Nan for making the dish how it's supposed to be and not downgrading the spice levels because of some fear to upset the obviously out of place diner!  I love it!  Also had shrimp with snow peas which was absolutely perfect!  Firm very fresh shrimp in a light sauce and wonderful fresh and crisp snow peas that barely hit the wok!

This is a great little spot and I will be here many times to come!  My new favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas!
Okay I've upped my rating of Yun Nan Garden. Arrived on a cold evening so spicy food sounded good.

Started off with complimentary hot tea and followed with mapo tofu, spicy shredded pork and boiled fish stew. The fish reminded me of a dish I experienced in Beijing and was tender, included napa cabbage@ and was tasty. The mapo tofu and shredded pork were just as yummy and the portions were decent.

The waitress who was younger and from northern China was friendly, spoke good English and had only been in the US for a few months. We had good conversation and she was efficient.

I'm looking forward to returning here in the future.
This is the real deal. It is mobbed with hungry Chinese people for a reason. We recommend the fish with garlic and lamb stir fry. Great balance of seasoning and fresh ingredients, as good as I have tried on this side of the Pacific.
Had to write an update and correction. This is neither a Sichuan nor a Szechuan restaurant as I had concluded earlier. A knowledgable friend pointed out that it is a Yunnan restaurant, featuring dishes from a province by the same name in southwestern China. The steam table that I mentioned earlier actually sells dishes typical of this region and the regulars actually order items from the steam table as appetizers along with the main dishes. Items on the steam table include duck heads, chicken feet, thinly sliced tendons, vegetables, thinly sliced pork, peanuts fried with what looked like white bait and shallots, etc, etc. What the regulars do is order items from the menu then walk over to the steam table and order items from the steam table in small plates to share. Another popular dish with the Chinese regulars is a noodle dish with a clear chicken broth accompanied by thinly sliced meats and vegetables on the side which one adds to the noodles. Almost every table would start off by sharing this noodle dish before going to the other dishes. We tried it and it is really good. There is a picture of it in the menu.
I fall in love with the tasty and spicy food there once I visited... I went to it the second night again... I am from Yunnan, the rice noodles, cold dish combo and many others Sichuan and Yunnan food are 100% authentic!!!

Love the spicy boiled fished and beef stew! and rice noodles.

If you wanna try un-americanized Chinese food, Yan Nan Garden is the top recommendation!
I was in Las Vegas for a convention, with colleagues from China. One of the biggest complaints that I hear from Chinese travellers in America is about the quality of the food in restaurants. I set myself a challenge to find a restaurant in Vegas that would serve the same quality of food that can be found across China, and I was extremely pleased to discover Yun Nan Garden... If you want to eat authentic Chinese food, this restaurant is highly recommended! 

My colleagues had all been to Las Vegas several times, and were very sceptical at first. As soon as the food arrived I could see the smiles appear, and everyone started making comments about how good the food looked and tasted.

We ordered a full table of food: A wide range of spicy eggplant, duck, pork, and lamb dishes, and everything was very good (the mapo tofu was particularly excellent). 

The restaurant is small, and off the main road, but more importantly it's clean and the service is very good. There were only two English speaking westerners in the restaurant when we arrived, but they were well served so there's no need to take Mandarin lessons before going!
Have you never ever try this place?

If the answer is no ---- man! you should stop by and at least get their traditional noodle

If the answer is yes --- try some dishes different every time u come, they have many many many delicious spicy fooddddddd!
I have been to many Chinese food spots in town, and this place blows them away!

Reason why?  My personal reasons...I prefer Vietnamese food when I crave fresh, Japanese food when I want flavor, and Thai food when I want spice and depth.  Yunnan delivers on ALL three!

We tried the stir fried Eel with dry pepper....the eel was very flavorful and the dish was spicy!  It had a nice consistency and tons and tons of taste going on!  The portion was huge and they did not skimp out on the goods!   Check out the pic :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yun-nan-garden-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#roxUo3o8u3yg7px8D7wgaw

Had the salt and pepper shrimp, and it was good, just thought it would be full head on and done a little differently.  Also thought they would/should have been larger at $12-13 for the plate.  I wouldn't order these again, unless I can specify that I want head/shell on.  Pic :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yun-nan-garden-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#7M6BnswF5BV-esTvISeL8g

Lastly, tried some fried egg and green onion dish.  It was light and flavorful.  Wanted something that wasn't spicy, and this filled in well.  Also a generous portion and inexpensive.

Service is typical authentic Asian.  Just friendly wave if you need anything and you will get it fast....just don't expect service like you would in an American establishment (auto/fill drinks, check on food, getting bill etc), and you will have a great time.

I WILL be back again.  Even their non spicy dishes are packed with taste, and blow away any other spots I have tried in town thus far (Chinese food wise).
Ordered garlic spare ribs to go in the hopes they would be like another restaurant's fried garlic spare ribs, but alas  I was grossed out by their rendition.
The little chewy, fatty pieces of pork deep fried in a strange batter with flecks of MSG buried in tasteless pseudo garlic-like crumbs was terrible. At least my dogs enjoyed it.
good food

if you are a spicy lover, this will be a good place for you.

service could be better, the waitress acted like someone died... :(
Absolutely great!
I had a roommate several years back who hailed from the Szechwan Province of China. He would cook up some of the tastiest food, I'll have to say - best roommate ever. Of course, I could barely feel my tongue after enjoying some of his dishes, but boy did it taste good.

Now if you are a mid-western white boy like myself, you may have noticed that some of the fine dining establishments in Chinatown will ask you, point blank, if you are certain you want it spicy. I could just be imagining this, maybe they actually ask everybody that (not just white boys), but I secretly suspect that they are always taking it down a notch on the heat level, to protect me from myself - and they are probably right in doing so.

Of course, this is not the case at Yun Nan Garden - they always bring the pain.

Last time I was there, my buddy and I ordered the beef stir fry and the lamb stir fry (local style). First of all the lamb was amazing, absolutely blew me away - I could have eaten another order. It was spicy (very spicy actually), but not when compared to the beef. 

They must have cut up 3 or 4 whole jalapenos and at least a dozen or more Thai chilies in that beef stir fry - holy hulking jalapenos batman, it was hot. Oh but it was sooo tasty.

I suspect the location of this place has something to do with it, but they never ask me how hot I want it or if I'm sure I want to go with this or that option. Maybe being of the beaten path makes it less of a touristy place and so they figure I must know what I'm doing if I ended up here. 

This place is worth hunting for and do not deny yourself the lamb, but I would recommend asking for a pitcher of water up front - something I plan on doing next time.
Went to Vegas with my family and we simply got tired of all the buffets.  Thus, we thought it would best to get some "home made" Chinese food. What could be more homely then spicy food, right?  This place really hit the spot.  The crispy chicken was great.  It tasted like eating cracklings.   Service was slightly above average.  The only complaint is with the pig intestine.   There was a slight taste of the pig's business end in the dish.
2 words describe my experience at Yunnan: pleasantly surprising. I'm half-Chinese and I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food and Americanized "Chinese" food makes me sad.

A lot of Chinese people told me about this place but I've been putting off giving this place a try since I heard most of the items on their menu is spicy. I don't do spicy.

I was browsing through the menu and sure enough, 90% of the items on the menu had not one, but two peppers next to their name! Yikes! I saw the spare ribs with garlic didn't have the two pepper symbols and I love garlic so I chose that. The garlic was minced and crispy fried and the flavor was just great covering the spare ribs. I sprinkled the fried garlic on the other dishes we got including the MaPo tofu. I think tofu is the only thing I don't mind eating spicy. It was good and it took several bites before my nose started running.

The shocker on the menu was the Chongqing Spicy Chicken. The big plate was at least 50% red peppers. I was very afraid and highly intimidated until I tried a small piece of chicken. The chicken was lightly breaded, fried and super crispy. Reminds me of my Chinese grandmother's fried chicken. To my surprise, it wasn't spicy. I mean, there was a bite to it but not a kick. It was absolutely delicious and enjoyable. This was my favorite out of the dishes we tried and I'll get this again.

The service was ok. A lick of Chinese might help you a lot. I was watching and listening to Shawn and our server's interaction and it wore me out!
when you combine many many many bottles of soju, vodka and friends, you are bound to wake up the next morning with a wicked hangover. a definite sign that you are no longer in your 20s. the cure? even if it's 100+ degrees out, for me it'll always be a piping hot bowl of soup with noodles. 

what i ate:
- cold app plate: seaweed, pig ears, cucumbers: you pick three! just go up to the cold table display. i cant tell you what else they offered because i was too tired to move from the table. everything was good! super garlicky with a nice big of heat in the end, true to the szechwan style
- house special noodle soup (i think #2 on menu?): if youre too eager to drink the soup, you WILL burn yourself! it's THAT hot. the broth is clear, and delicate in flavor. not too heavy or spicy to make your already hungover stomach hurt. i think my friends and i spent the entire meal with our faces getting a nice steam bath from our soups and not talking at all. we kept slurping hoping it would melt away our hangover.

pros:
- house special noodle soup! hot enough to get a sweat going, but the cure for my hangover. 
- service: for an asian restaurant they were pretty nice
- mom n pop feel
- almost all the patrons were asian - always a good sign
- price: cheap!

cons:
- if youre not a fan of spicy food, this place isnt for you

would i come again? yes, even without being hungover.
Went to Yun Nan based on reviews here, and it was totally worth it. The food was very tasty, inexpensive, and prepared quickly. We were probably the only non-Chinese in there on a week night, which was definitely a good sign. The food was quite spicy, but tolerable if you're used to it. In fact, if I went back, I'd probably get a spicier dish. We has some spicy garlic shrimp, noodles, spicy tofu, and a very nice cilantro-filled soup. They made some plain noodles for my flavor-averse son. Certainly a refreshing break from the fatty, bland crap typically available on the strip. This place is worth it if you like a good Chinatown-type restaurant.
So, my friend and I decided to try this place because we wanted to try Szechuan food. The servers weren't fluent in English, so it made things hard to order at times. We ordered the bean curd pork and boiled spicy chicken. We liked the bean curd pork and spicy chicken. The food is good but i'm giving it 3 stars because of our difficulties with the servers.
Nice
I've been here once a long while ago and remember it to be good. I came for lunch with Elnino F. 

They have a to-go looking stand to the left where they offer various cold salad appetizers. You can pick 3, for $4.5 I think is a good deal. We got braised tofu which was nicely spicy, a good but standard seaweed salad, and a sliced chicken gizzard salad which was nicely fragrant. 

We got: 

Spicy Chicken Dry Pot - they asked if we want with or without bone. Normally bone makes for better flavor so we opted, but it made for some work. They chopped up chicken wings and fried them crispy and tossed them into this pot with a chili sauce, jalapenos, bell pepper and bean sprouts. The flavors and textures were very nice, though I'll try boneless next time. 

Fried Fish Filet tossed in spicy sauce was actually no sauce at all. it was more like salt and pepper fried fish, but better. It's the familiar flavor, but had also dried chilis, cilantro and celery tossed in chili oi, and jalapenos on top. The batter on the fish was perfect. 

Was it spicy? It was a good managable spicy. It isn't like crazy Thai spicy, more flavorful chili flavor with a decent pinch of heat. I could use MORE spicy, but I like to teeter my spicy threshold. 

The portions were good, but things were eaten clean and I think is a testament to how good it was. These were enjoyable in the way that you can just not get tired of the bold flavor offered. 

The lady server was nice, but this is a place where you kinda have to wave to get some service sometimes. 

This was definitely one of the better Chinese restaurants we have, specially if you want to try something a bit different. The menu definitely had many curiosities that even one of the most foodie of foodies will discover a new food. I don't know why it took me so long to go back, but the next time will be soon.
Quickie review: This is possibly my favorite Chinese spot. Amazing food, very reasonable prices, decent but timing is imperative when going there. I may have checked in once, so far, on here but have been at least 15 times and will continue to come here.

Real review:

Timing: Why should timing come before anything else? Well, during peak lunch/dinner hours, this place often gets flooded with tour buses full of tourists. I think this is a testament to how much this place is loved but it damn sure has deterred me from eating there a few times because of the wait times that'll come with such an influx of diners.  Plan your day accordingly or wade through a sizeable wait....either way...it's worth the effort. Which brings us to....

Food:
As many commentators have notice, this is pretty un-Americanized Chinese food, if you're looking for simply a better version of Panda Express you should go to P.F. Chang's. So if  that's what you're expecting, get ready to either be disappointed or have your mind blown. The first thing you'll notice is that they have a huge selection of food across several categories: Soups/Noodle dishes, Seafood, Beef, Pork, Poultry, etc. The second thing you'll notice is that many of the dishes are spicy. They have plenty of delicious non-spicy dishes but if you're ok with the heat, you'll be able to enjoy more of their selection. Unfortunately, I tend to be a creature of habit, so I have not branched out and tried a lot of their dishes but what I have tried, I love, and I am sure their other dishes don't disappoint. We usually stick to Mo Pau Tofu,Crispy Spicy Chicken and Salt and Pepper Shrimp when we go and they never disappoint. Also, on cooler days, their soups are great and do not skimp on portion.

Atmosphere:
Not the biggest place but it is pretty comfortable even during tour bus time (see above). There are modest decorations and decorum that give it a nice ambiance.

Service:  Overall, service is decent. Food is served relatively fast. However, getting your server's attention can sometimes be difficult, especially when it's busy. Some might think this is enough to knock the rating down to a 4 or 3...but not me. While it isn't the most friendly staff in the world (mostly due to the language barrier making conversation difficult) they are never rude and, when you finally do get their attention, they do respond fast. 

Overall, this remains my favorite Chinese restaurant.
I don't know what's happening here. This is one of those places that you read all the glowing reviews, you go try it yourself, and you think you must have gone to the wrong place. 

Upon sitting down, the waitress came over and waited at our table for us to decide on a dish, little weird but ok. I chose the Kung Pao Shrimp and my friend chose the Yunnan Style Dried Beef. What came out was shrimp in a pile of oil and my friends dish was even worse. It tasted like beef jerky from a 7-11, and it resembled Shit on a Shingle. $11.99 for each dish and PLUS they charge you for rice $3 extra. I didn't think my shrimp was spicy at all. My friend couldn't finish her plate is was so salty. Then the waitress comes back around with our bill and stands there until we pay. This situation was bizarre. Too many other places in Chinatown to ever give this place a second try.
服务态度太差，每个服务员都像吵架一样跟客人说话。过桥米线也不正宗，其他的菜，水煮鱼的鱼肉少的可怜，羊排锅的羊排都用剔完的骨头来糊弄客人，没有多少肉！米饭吃着也有的地方硬了，还有一股味道，一吃就知道是隔夜的。吃过最差的中餐馆，the worst chinese restaurant ever!
At first, I had this at 4 stars, but I then I thought, "what would make this 5 stars?" And I couldn't think of anything. It was well rounded in all the ways necessary to make it a must-try.

Firstly, it's nothing special on the inside or outside. It's a place with food. Secondly, the menu doesn't seem like anything special. You'll read through and think, "this sounds like a lot of places in Chinatown." You'll order and immediately you'll see why you'll be coming back.

Immediately, you're going to get your order. It's faster than you expect by about... the entire time. It's almost back the minute you order it. I'm not sure if they're just magicians or psychics, but how is food out that fast? They had to have seen my order coming. Unfortunately, I don't remember the names of what we ordered but I can describe them.

Our first dish was stir fried chicken with onions and other small cuts of veggies. A healthy serving. Tender chicken. Fresh, crispy veggies. Light sauce. Perfect. The second dish was beef tossed with another light sauce and vegetables, but this was spicy beyond what we were prepared for. The beef was tender and delicious. The whole dish was in a metal bowl with a fire underneath to keep it all hot. On the side, we had a very large dish of Chinese spinach.  It must have also made it through a wok, with some garlic. Crunchy and a fantastic contrast to the extremely hot and savory main dishes.

All of this for a very, very reasonable price. I'd be back in a heartbeat. Oh, and ask them for recommendations. They know best.
It's an authentic Chinese restaurant! Chinese rice noodles used to be my favorite breakfast when I lived in China. However, I can't find that a restaurant sells it in the Bay Area. Vietnamese Pho is a totally different style rice noodle with Chinese rice noodles, and their flavors are nothing in common. In addition, this restaurant has a lot of spicy cuisines which is my beloved Szechuan flavor! Love it!
Yunnan Garden is an outstanding Szechuan destination. The Lamb with Cumin was really outstanding, though very spicy, so if you're not a fan of spicy food, stay away from anything marked with two chili peppers on the menu. They don't mess around. Overall this was a great dining experience, and very authentically Chinese.
Probably one of the best Yunnan/Szechuan restaurants in the US. Everything we ordered here was authentic and tasty, plus they have interesting selections like the DIY cold dish platter and tofu & fish fillet in clear broth, etc.
If there is 0 star here, I definitely will go with that. We went there on Christmas Eve, and there were several parties waiting outside. We got our number and notice by the owner we had to wait outside. We gotta stay chill and patiently wait for us to be called. After couple of minutes there was a party of 6 came in and without waiting, then we realized they skipped us. We were trying to tell the owner that we were in front of them, however the owner wasn't really friendly and almost yelled us he called us but we didn't appear. WTH! We were just outside. He opened the door rudely and yelled at us again 'go outside'. We decided leave for another place AND never stop by this horrible place anymore. Even though you are selected as top 100 Chinese restaurant in US, so what? Your customer services is the worst!
Bad experience. The place is crowded with group tourists from China. Waiting time is long. But the quality and quantity of the food are also surprisingly bad. Will not visit the place again.
Oh wow!  Where do I begin?  This place was recommended to me by a Chinese brother who lives in LA.  He wasn't wrong.  Szechuan doesn't always mean spicy, although some of what they serve will peel the paint off the walls.  Heat without flavor is just an exercise in pain control.

Oh yes, there is heat aplenty, but there's also a deep flavor underlying the heat.  We started with the Yunnan noodle soup.  It was a clear broth, but very flavorful, and a good beginning to what came next.  At my Brother's recommendation, we ordered the boiled fish and beef in sauce (piquant), the Chongqing Spicy Chicken (it's a popcorn chicken style with deep fried chilis), and the green beans.  I was sweating by the time I was done, but what we took home was gone within 10 minutes of getting home by our son.

Oh yes, the place is only about the size of a postage stamp, and we had to sit at a round table with two other groups.  We were also the only ones in the place using English menus, if that tells you something.

I will not go to any other Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas again if I can help it.
Bad service. I would rate zero star if possible. They didn't serve us because we were waiting for friends coming. Extremely bad service. Don't go there if you are in a group
Don't come this restaurant.Supper bad service!!!! Food is also not good!!!! Will not be here again! !! The waiter let us out when we were sitting in the table and waiting for our friends. We have ordered food and eating. But they still let us out in order to place order customers to sit in. I have not been a restaurant like this bad bad service. Not recommend to come this place if you have a more than 5 people.
Super bad service!!!!! We got 7, when me and my friend come in, they ask us to sit down first. I told them rest of my friend will arrived in 20 minutes. They said it's totally fine and ask us to sit down and wait. However, after 5 minutes, when there was more customers came in, they ask us to leave our table and let other customers to sit down first (in a really bass manner)! I said I had informed you that my friend would arrived in 15 minutes. How come they ask customers to get up and leave the table once they assign for the table already! Main point is we have order some appetizer but not just sitting there and holding their table!!! So does it mean that they just want to kick us out!? If they want to earn lots of "money" they should just change their restaurant to fast food restaurant not providing service! SUPER SUPER SUPER BAD SERVICE! NOT COMING BACK AGAIN!
It was probably not a good idea to come on Christmas. Plus the tour buses were dropping off people in that plaza, too. We ended up sharing a table with strangers. That's Chinese restaurants for you. We didn't mind too much.. even kind of made some friends later, haha.

I've had this dish called Chongqing Spicy Chicken at Jugoo but now they no longer exist so what to do, what to do?!?!

Friend told me about this place because they have that exact dish BUT not the type of chicken I was expecting. It was deep fried or something and only decent at most. Disappointed with the chicken, but the dish is the same one, with all that influx of spices and such. A friend's mother says you're supposed to ask for the other type of chicken so I guess I could attempt that next time.

We only got two dishes. The one mentioned above and the Lamb with Cumin. YUMS. I would totally get that again and again. Of course, I'll probably try other dishes but that one is a plus. I'm not much of a spicy person cause it just tortures me but it's still so damn good.
4.5 stars

YES! My family is from Yunnan, and while I would say this is not necessarily authentic Yunnan cuisine (I would say that it's difficult to find authentic Yunnan food in China aside from the actual province itself), it is the best spicy food restaurant in Las Vegas (and most likely in the state of Nevada). If you're in Las Vegas and are looking for some authentic Chinese cuisine, definitely come here! 

The reason why I do not give it a full 5 stars is because of the service. Just remember that while it might seem like the servers are rude, they aren't. It's just the way it is. This restaurant gets crowded really easily so you should try to avoid the popular hours of lunch and dinner. Either arrive a little earlier or a lot later. They have a new system in place where you grab a number and wait outside.

To the left of the entrance is a bar with some cold dishes. Definitely grab some for the table to snack on while you wait for your order to be taken and for the food to come out. All the dishes were flavorful (though some were a bit oily... so if you're watching your grease intake, be wary :P) - 

-Definitely try Yunnan Rice Noodle Soup (guo qiao mi xian) - a well known Yunnan dish (the dish here is lacking in the soup, but there aren't many places in the US that get this dish right) 
-Some other great dishes to try out - Boiled Fish with Sichuan Special Sauce; Szechuan style spicy lamb chop; Pork with chinese celery and green pepper; Stir-fried pork intestines with pickled pepper; Lamb with cumin
Looking for good spicy Szechuan food?  This is your place.  I have been meaning to try this place since I moved to Las Vegas a year and a half ago, but it wasn't until this past winter break did I actually get a chance to go.  My husband and I came at the end of the lunch rush on a Friday and were able to share a table with another party of four right away.  It didn't bother us, but it is just a heads up you are in a small group and it is busy.

There was a large extensive menu and we probably didn't order the most popular dishes, but they were delicious!  

Mapo Tofu - Chunks of soft tofu surrounded by perfectly flavor sauce.  It is vegetarian friendly (not that I'm vegetarian, but I thought I'd share) and was everything that I wanted it to be.  It was marked as spicy, but I felt that it was pretty mild.  I might have felt this because the other dish we ordered was really spicy.  After I sample a couple of their other dishes, I'm sure I will order this again

Chongqing Spicy Chicken - Soooooo Good!! At first it is a little scary because the perfectly fried chicken pieces are surrounded with chunks of chilies, but it was amazing!  The batter was light and very well-seasoned.  This is spicy, but not in the "OMG my mouth is on fire where is the water?" kind of way, it is has the occasional bite that numbs your taste buds, but it comes back in a couple of minutes.  I know that doesn't sound appealing, but if you avoid those chilies it is so worth it!

I will without a doubt be back!  I can't wait to update my review when I get to try more dishes.
2014.  Welcome to the new year, and welcome to the new menu pricing.  A sad day when the prices go up significantly.  The food is wonderful, it used to be worth driving from a long ways away to eat here, but the prices all went up to ring in the holidays, and now it's time to find someplace else.  The pity is, they have you with the taste (authentic and awesome), so I know I'll end up back here again...

Note that when it's super busy, they will not do take away orders!
Get to know the owners here if you're a spicy food lover- Szechuan Chinese is the way to go! Overall good quality, but on the oily side. This is to be expected for this type of food. Read on, I'm recommending the four to five star dishes.

We came with a huge group and tested their kitchen with ravenous appetites. It's an impressive sight to see a group of Asians, not one over 5 foot six, demolish 30 some plates in less than a couple hours. Coney Island All American hot dog eating contest, here we come!

For appetizers the pig ear disappeared in seconds and the tofu slices were second. For main dishes I highly recommend the Mapo tofu: the tofu was soft and silky and the dish got the flavors right. Also good is their stir fried kidney (sounds strange but walk on the wild side!), tasted fresh with a consistency between squid and bamboo shoot. Lastly their home brewed chicken soup finishes off a dinner that set your tastebuds on fire.
I've been meaning to try this place and last night, I finally got to go with one of my friends. My friend had already bee to this place about twice before so he knew his way around, which was very helpful! I was pleasantly surprised that when I walked it, it was already semi-busy -- it wasn't like SLAMMED but it held a good decent amount of people. Almost all of the tables were already taken. 

So my friend and I got seated, then some menus arrive, and then I start looking. Well, almost nothing looked familiar. Which was fine, but sometimes it's a little overwhelming but I do know that the one thing I want was LAMB. Anddd I left the decision to my friend HAHA :)

He ended up ordering lamb with cumin, fish and pig intestines boiled in chili oil, and chong qing spicy chicken.

Lamb with cumin: this dish came with a bunch of jalapeno peppers, red peppers, onions, and cilantro. It was delicious and by far, my favorite. I simply love lamb and cumin -- it is a wonderful taste. If you are unfamiliar with cumin, you may not get used to the flavor right away but trust me, this is the way to go. There is no better way of eating lamb than having it cooked with cumin. Definitely a dish you have to order when you're eating at Yunnan Garden. I also loved eating the jalapeno peppers from this dish too. Some were spicy and some were real spicy!

Fish and pig intestines boiled in chili oil: they actually messed up our order and gave us fish with pork instead of pork intestine but they later on corrected it. Anyways this dish didn't seem spicy to me at all ... but that's probably because I was eating the jalapeno peppers from the lamb dish? In fact, it really didn't do anything for me. The fish was good to eat and pig intestines is always a favorite of mine but the flavors were kind of bland. I was expecting some spicy action going on and this dish did not deliver :(

Chong qing spicy chicken: we originally ordered this and asked them to sub chicken wing for it cause according to my friend, it tastes better....but that didn't happen. Apparently they didn't have chicken wings. This dish, like the previous, did not deliver. I wasn't too interested in the flavors of this dish but one of the reasons could be that I was never really interested in popcorn chicken to begin with. And other than the numbing effect from the chicken, there wasn't much from it. The flavors just didn't wow me or captivate me, and wasn't really that spicy.

Perhaps I'm just not into the Yunnan style of cuisine. 

One thing that I did NOT appreciate was that at the end of our dinner, they pretty much rushed us out even though there weren't any customers waiting for a table. When my friend went to use the restrooms, a server literally came over and asked if I wanted to box one of my dishes -- which was fine cause I was done. Then she boxed it, bagged it, and proceeded to take all the dishes, including the tea. Before she even finished, another server came with the check. O....kay? When I put my credit card down, it got swooped up quick and was charged in a minute. 

I filled out their portion of the receipt. Then I was filling out mine with the final price but before I got to set the pen down or put the receipt in my wallet, the server came over here and decided to explain to me that the receipt I was holding was mine. She said that I didn't need to sign it and it was my copy to keep. Thank you for that but you could have at least waited to see if I really was going to give you both copies first. It's like saying, "Oh thank you for giving me both gifts but you didn't have to!!" Well gee, they weren't both for you but thanks for assuming. I know which copy is yours and which is mine. I mean, I supposed it's nice of her, but I was already annoyed that she took away the TEA before I was done and that just kind of annoyed me a little bit more. 

I typically like to enjoy a cup of tea or two after a meal and before I leave the restaurant. I appreciate their fast service cause sometimes, it is hard at other restaurants to close the check. But damn, my friend didn't even come back from his restroom trip and you already took away everything AND charged my card. He couldn't even get a last cup of tea. I've never had that happen to me at a restaurant before. And I guess I know now ... you do not take my tea away from me! 

Would I come back? Probably. I'd come back just for the lamb with cumin dish. Maybe try something new as well. But I'll remember to have to hold onto my tea stuff at the end.

A tip. Try to bring someone Chinese with you. These servers loved talking to us in mandarin and unfortunately, that was not our native tongue. We understood but we couldn't really reply. Their English wasn't that great either. There was a younger server whose English was decent -- she at least understood what we were saying to her in English.
I've actually been here quite a few times, twice in the past month or so. Probably been here maybe total 10 times or so, so far? But none of the times have i seen this place so packed. Last time i came here, granted it was xmas day, so it got to the point where my friend and i "dap toi" (cantonese saying) which pretty much means, multiple parties sitting at the same table, just for the sake of having a table to use, period. 

This time, i came with my friend, on a sunday night, and it was pretty packed, almost full, but not to point where people were waiting at the front for a table. 

The two times, had some overlapping dishes so will describe it when it comes

Lamb with cumin: This time, my friend is a huge fan of lamb and cumin (skewers) so i decided to order that. Both this time and last time, flavor was pretty spot on, if anything that i had to critique, was not enough lamb. Aside from that, the jalepenos was a hit n miss on if it was spicy or not, but flavor wise, with the cumin... Delicious ! Probably was the "spiciest" dish of them all. 

Chong Qing La Zi Ji (Spicy chicken w/ chilis): First time, i had ordered this, i was expecting it to come as cut chicken wings, but this time, it was like, popcorn chicken. Cuz i SWEAR, thats how it was before. Thinking it may have changed, we decided to eat it. After talking with my mom, who i have came here many times with before, she said you had to specially request it to be made with wings. Ok, so this time, I had specifically asked the waitress for chicken wing, she said ok. When the order came, it was the "popcorn chicken" style again. Asked another waitress why it was this, and not the chicken wing i had asked for, and she mentioned they dont do chicken wing, only this style. HMMM.... (more later) but back to flavor, it was like popcorn chicken fried with dried red peppers. I mean, its seasoned nicely, but hey! wheres the spiciness ?! 

"Water Boiled Fish" (Fished cooked in chili oil): Didnt get it last time, but ordered it this time because this friend loves spicy. Originally, i had asked for water and pork intestines, but the first time it came out, I dont know if the waitress who took our order didnt understand (more later) or what, but it came out fish and pork. like pork cut into little strips. Asked a different waitress, had it re-done with fish and pork intestine (why they use pork instead of pig, i dont know....) When it came out, its either their chef changed or style changed. i dont recall the sauce being so thick. Back then, when it came out, you could almost swear theres like a centimeter of red chili oil on top. Flavor was fine but as with the previous dish, not spicy. 

So usually after dinner, not only for chinese, but any other cuisine as well, you like to sit there and rest, drink some tea/soda/water/etc, and let the food settle a bit before leaving. For some odd reason, they seemed to be rushing. I mean, if it was busy, like it was on X'mas, its understandable, but it wasnt THAT busy. I had went to the restroom while my friend finished up eating. After i came back, i was told that the lady came to box up leftovers, cleaned EVERYTHING up including our tea and tea cups, brought her the check, took it and charged her, and brought it back, all within the period of me going to the restroom. WOW! I mean thats great they are so fast, but what the heck? We felt really rushed at the end. NO GOOD ! 

I swear they used to be more spicy, and better on their accuracy. I mean, even the mapo tofu was spicy enough to make me choke sometimes, let alone these few dishes we had ordered. I was sweating, but no where near how much i used to sweat, due to the spiciness. 

Ok now to emphasize on the "more later" parts. Since being seated, they love speaking to you in mandarin. Granted both times, we were able to understand, but this time, we understand, but arent fluent enough to reply. I'm not sure if its their style to be against those who can't speak mandarin or what. I'll probably give them one more chance, with my mom next time. If still off, welp.... you know what that means..
The spicy food will keep you young. Delicious and addictive.
We found this place on Yelp on our last visit to Las Vegas.  Schiff Drive is really more the parking lot/throughway in a series of Asian stores in the area.  

When we went one evening we were the only non-Asian people in the restaurant.  Service was quick but not what you would call friendly.  At exactly 10pm (closing time), the waitress came over with the check and asked us to pay then so they could close out the registers.  

The food, however, was fantastic.  The entrees come with huge portions and are definitely not the Americanized fare you find in most American-Chinese restaurants.  My partner got a dish of lamb ribs about the size of a finger.  I tried the kung pao chicken.  The chicken was delicious but extremely spicy.  Their steamed dumplings were great and very garlicky.
I love this place. The servers are typical Chinese which is fine with me because I'm Asian. I've been here a couple times and the food is spicy which is great. I can handle spicy because my parents grew up in Korea, but this food is spicy! 

My friend ordered the Stir Fried lamb which had bell peppers and some sort of spicy peppers. It looked like lamb with cumin. I ordered the fish with tofu and it game out in a soup based bowl. They were both pretty awesome, and I would definitely go again. 

The food is a bit pricier. Both our items were 12.99, but it is worth it!
Super fast service like you blink and there's hot amazing food right in front of you. My favorite is the lamb cumin, crispy, spicy, and sweet. If your looking for really good Chinese food this is place definitely will be back. The cold chicken feet and cucumber are also really good
Perhaps this is authentic Chinese food?  IF Chinese food tastes like lead mixed with funk, then this place is as real as it gets.

I don't want to be harsh, because the service was quick and reliable, but the food really missed the mark..  I couldn't brush my teeth quickly enough.

Don't do the dumplings, don't do the fried rice and don't do the crispy chicken and chiles.  Since that was my experience, that's really the only advice I have.  Oh, and bring some mints and Pepto.
Holy...shite.


This place is what I have been searching for...for way too long!!!
If you're looking for something that's not Americanized...this is it. This is the place.

The ONLY downside is, the staff is a bit awkward if you're not Asian. I'm half Asian, but I don't look like it. The bf is very white. They weren't as friendly with us and not as tentative to us. And the waiter was very awkward, like he didn't know what he was doing. 
But you know what??? It's so freaking good, I don't give a shit!

 This is the place the Asian's go to. So - that's your sign.
We had -

Spicy beef dry pot
Spicy lamb pot
Spicy pork and wonton soup w/ rice noodles
Kung pow shrimp

Everything...EVERYTHING was amazing. Probably some of the best authentic Chinese food I've ever had.

I definitely recommend the pots - if you're looking for something different and full of flavor.

Also, this place is insanely cheap. We for 4 dishes for $50. That is insane. There was only two of us, but we love leftovers. Most places we go, we pay $60+ for 2 dishes with drinks.

Very clean, very fast and amazing food. I can't wait to go back and bring my posse!!
This restaurant became very popular back in LA. Now they have a location in Las Vegas. Though the location isn't too good, people still flock here to eat their dishes . Known for their spicy food, I would recommend this place to anyone that enjoys spicy yunan food.
Still probably the best authentic spicy Chinese food in town. Their Kungpao chicken is just so amazing. I start to love the noodle now with some extra salt and vinegar. 

One star off for the sometimes ridiculously bad service, but if they can continue to cook that amazing kungpao chicken, i think i wipl endure the rude service.
My dad has complained many times why we don't go to Chinatown when we visit Vegas so this time I said fine, let's eat there.  I've never heard of "wun nam" cuisine but apparently it's part of Szechuan if I'm not mistaken.  Anyway we got their special noodles which they are famous for.  It's pretty good, has a similar taste to pho mainly because of the broth and the cilantro.  It was better than I expected but the smoked duck had too much smokiness flavor for me.I wouldn't mind coming back and grabbing some noodles but I won't be going out of my way to eat here.
The price of food is good , the service girls are very nice , she is helpful. We are enjoy the food from yunnan garden !
My Chinese friends love this place, but I think it is just OK. If you want to try real authentic Chinese dishes, I recommand this place, but if you prefer american-chinese cuisine (like panda express) you dont need to visit here. Try their garlic chicken. I think it is the best.
Great food. Spicy. Authentic. We like the eggplant dish, sour potatoes and some kind of boiled fish tofu Szechuan sauce soup stuff. It's so spicy it makes you sweat and cry at the same time.
Delicious and authentic.
Came here based on all the hype from Yelp reviewers and expecting this place to damn good. First off, I didn't mind that the servers weren't very friendly. At least they were attentive, right?! As for the food...let's just say that my mouth and lips were numb half way through my meal. Not from the spices, but from all the MSG. Yikes! Being Asians, not one of the eight entrees we ordered stood out to any one of our party of seven. Sad to say that we had tons of leftovers, but left it all behind. I've had my share of "authentic" Chinese food and this place does not compare. Sorry, but I'll have to pass the next time we are in Vegas.
It's a small place, max capacity is 68. You get hot tea right when you sit down. I got the wonton soup, tasted very bland, comes with 12 wontons for $6.99. My husband got the garlic ribs. It's breaded and deep fried. Had absolutely no flavor for $12.99. It was hard to down the food even though we were starving. We were still hungry after, so we went to Lee's Sandwich. I have no idea how it got 4 stars.
Horrible restaurant. We were seated by very unfriendly waitresses, ordered, the food didn't taste well. Fried rice was horrible, I got the hot and sour noodle, it was pretty ok but a bowl of noodle 2:1 soups. So I asked for more soup, and yes, they are giving you chicken soups and it cost $3 :) sweet huh? A rice bowl size of soup cost $3. Well, I saw a group sat, ordered and left after the first dish arrived, so I DONT THINK I WILL EVER COME AGAIN.
Been a big fan of this restaurant since I moved to Vegas in 2010. Even though the service was not the best, I was able to overcome that with the food. It's very unfortunate to say that I finally have to say no to this restaurant!!! Made a reservation for dinner, party of 8 for my mom'a birthday. When we showed up the restaurant was full, and apparently they forgot about our reservation. We waited for almost 15 minutes, no one came to apologize for the mess up, and what really pissed me off and finally decided to walk out of the restaurant is when I told the the owner about what happened, he replied and said regardless if we made a reservation or not, they are too busy, if they don't have a table ready for us, we just have to wait! In my mind: "&@&!/'£€]" this is definitely not the kind of reply to any guests at any restaurant!! How rude and  arrogant, not to mention I coordinate our company dinner at this restaurant once a month and spent over $300-$400 each time and the owner recognized who I am. Apparently this restaurant is careless for any customer service or loyalty guests!! There's a new Yun Nan restaurant at the 99 ranch plaza one block away, for those who also had experienced the "customer service", I heard this new place is not too bad, will check it out!
The service was a bit abrupt/clipped, but the fried rice was amazing!  

Great location, small/intimate but very fast service!  Soda comes in a can rather than from a fountain.  

Overall was very impressed with a restaurant we decided to visit on the fly.
I come to Vegas regularly for Conventions or just to have fun playing poker.  I usually rent a car and spend considerable time finding places off the strip to eat at.  I'm with  my family and my brother so we walk into this place and it is packed and we are the only non-asian people in the place (I took that as a good sign).  Anyhow when I asked for crispy noodles the waitress looked at me like I was from Mars.  The Chinese lady in the table next to me came to my rescue when she overheard me and knew what I was talking about and began explaining to the waitress what I wanted in Chinese.  She quickly smiled and looked at me and said they don't serve crispy noodles here, at least not the type you are thinking of.  

I'm thinking boy I must look like your typical American moron, so I quietly began looking at the menu for dishes that looked familiar.  I settled for a scallions and onions, a kungpao plate, some of the speciality fried rice, a noodle bowl with some of the more exotic meats like stomach, and a couple of other dishes that were recommended by our neighbor friend.   I must say I have never eaten such good food.  All of the dishes were amazing. It was one of the most enjoyable and best tasting meals I have had in a long time.  I wasn't the only one in our group that felt that way.  We all raved about how good it was.  I don't think we left a crumb of food on any of the plates.  I can't say enough about how good this place is and how much better authentic Chinese food tastes in comparison to the American version we are used to being served in even fine places on the strip.  Just the night prior I had eaten a crispy noodle dish at the Aria casino which I thought was pretty decent but this place puts it to shame.  

I will come back to eat at this place every single time I am Las Vegas.
Was great food and no wait. I always like to come here when I visit. Food is very spicy but delicious.
Yunnan Garden - Chinese family style restaurant - average ~$15 including tip. What should I say? Terrible service and over salty foods filled with a lot of MSG the miracle spice. After you done with ur meal u can feel how salty ur mouth actually is and ur tongue is just rash because of the salt in the foods. 2.5/5 because foods are worse than my sister's cooking... never come back!
Amazing food! 
My bf and I were craving some authentic Chinese food for dinner. 
After looking at some of the pics on yelp we decided to try out their mapo tofu and fried fish with spicy sauce. 
Yes they were both spicy but not just spicy the flavor was there. My bf was in Hunan china a few years ago and said that their food is authentic. 
I've never been to china to compare the real Chinese food but all I can say is their food is a must try!!!!
This place was really good!

Garlic Sparerib: I like that it was crispy and the it had a really strong garlic flavor. The spareribs were kind of tough to eat but the flavor was good.
Spicy Lamb: This was really spicy. I thought a bit too spicy for me but if you love really spicy food, this is good. The lamb was really good too like it wasn't too dry.
Bean Sprouts with various vegetables: Stir fried pretty well. It wasn't overly done but can still taste the oil and heat from the wok. Got to have some vegetables with all that meat.

Service was good. There was enough waiters and waitresses to help with all the tables.

The restaurant is in a plaza so the amount of space they have isn't large. They can put some tables together if there's a larger party.

Overall, this place is good for those who really enjoy spicy food. I'll definitely come back here again.
I don't want to write this review because I am selfish and don't want to wait in a long line. Damn, why am I doing this. Arghhhhhh.

Ok, it fantastic but...

Its the best Chinese food in Las Vegas for Yunnan style food. If you are from North Dakota and eat Egg rolls and General Chows chicken, you will not like this place. Go to Panda Express. Do not expect beef and broccoli.

If you have an understanding of very fresh Home made Southern Chinese food and like spicy well made dishes, this is your place. (They do have some non-spicy dishes)

Do expect super fresh, very well made food. (Not much sea food here).

The have cold appetizers that are great. After you get a table, go up to the cash register. You will see all of them laid out. You can get 3 on a plate. I like the dried beef, cucumber and cabbage.

They have a fish dish that is simple and does not smell like fish. No bones. Not one. Its so tender. Its the fish filet in brown sauce with garlic. Its not spicy. I think its #58

Their soups are very good.

I love their beef in spicy szechuan sauce and the wonton in chile sauce. Kung Pao chicken is great!

You can feed 8 people for under $100. 

The decor is sparse. But the food divine. Do not go here on Christmas (oy vey). 
This is real Chinese food. Tour buses full of people from China go here. 

The wait staff is very attentive. You can take a cab from the strip. Its not far. Just off Spring Mtn Rd. It is hard to find as its hidden in a strange strip mall. Good for me, I know where it is.

This is not your typical Chinese food style. Many dishes are spicy but there are some that are not. Give it a try. You will love it.

UPDATE: 4/30/14
Looks like they raised the prices a little bit.
Just as good as ever.
Food here is good. Service is bad and the people are rude and also very dumb. Hi-hoh!
pooooor service！ the taste is not right！not the traditional Yunnan Noodle，waste of money. they should change their name to Pho ！！！never seen Yunnan noodle like this ！！the spicy noodle does not come with meat？？？OMG！ u gotta be kidding me！ really doubt if the chef ever been to Yunan！！
People are nice. Food are the best. A lil bit more expensive than regular chinese place.
So far I tried #18 and #25, both are noodles. Also tried the pork ribs with fried garlic, I really liked the #18 noodle, I finished the whole thing last time. My friend said it is authentic Yunan style. 
#25 is too oilly but taste alright. I don't like the fried ribs with garlic, too hard.
I'm a little put off by an authentic Chinese restaurant listing "Yunnan Fried Rice Noodle" on the menu and then serving me spaghetti and soy sauce. Seriously?
6/18/2014 - Went with my girlfriend to eat lunch. They seated us immediately, but did not ask us for any drinks until I flagged a waitress down after 10 minutes of waiting with no service. After we requested drinks and food I had to stand up and ask again foot our drinks at the front counter. Food came quickly, but waitress never came back to us nor spoke to us again. Had to stand up again to ask for bill.
Very TERRIBLE Restaurant. Very bad service and food. The young women did not shows friendly. And they did not turns the AC on during the summer afternoon!!!!!!!!!!!!!Never come here again.
Horrible! The noodle come with one pc pork and chicken. No vegetable!  You also can not use chopstick for rice noodle because is too short and soft. Is very bad spicy Chinese food. And also come with poor service. No AC on in summer! Yunnan Garden in LA is better.
Nine of us ate here on a Monday night. Without having called ahead we were lucky to get the last available table and were the only non-Chinese customers. We ordered a broad range of dishes, some for the two vegetarians, some for the two who didn't like spicy food, and some for the rest of us. My pork with preserved vegetables was delicious and authentic, with real Szechuan pepper. The wait staff don't have much English and our waitress tried to talk me out of that dish as especially spicy but I was glad I went with it. I've missed food like that. No apparent air conditioning but we weren't uncomfortable although it was very hot outside. Everyone seemed happy with their meal.
If u want to have polite service, pls dont think about this restaurant. Waitresses are  so mean and they took wrong order for us.then we requested to change.we can barely heard waitresses talking bad things about us.we were so mad.i can swear, that was my first time I didnt leave a penny on table when check.suck waitresses service.all the dishes we ordered were so much oil.i wont recommend anybody go visit this restaurant.
Sichuan all the way!

I ordered chongqing Spicy Chicken; my first time trying genuine Sichuan peppercorns, amazingly tingly and hot!  The Ma Po Tofu was also equally amazing; tofu was excellent quality and flavors were very pleasing.  The Spicy chicken had me drenched in sweat but was well worth it.  After a minute the hot sensation leaves and is replaced with a tingly sensation on the tongue, followed by a strange sensation to continue to eat the hot food...I loved it!  I'm definately coming back.
If you've got a craving for Szechuan food, please do yourself a favor and come here. It's authentic, it's hot, and it's delicious. 

The Kung Pao Chicken was very good. I really love really spicy food and this KPC was great for me. However, if you can't really tolerate spicy food, you may want to mention this before you put in your order. 

This place is perfect if you have a friend who is a FOB from China who likes spicy food !
Excellent food. Favorite dishes:  Dan Dan Mien, Chongqing chicken, Salt and Pepper shrimp.  Service is just ok and waitresses have limited English skills.   Very authentic Chinese dishes.
Dropped in for a quick lunch on my way to Home Depot. I wanted a quick light meal. 

The place is clean and the lunch special is cheap. The service was great real friendly. 

I had Sesame Chicken and asked them to spice it up a little. It was deep fried and served over white rice. The chicken was good and the rice was rice. LOL $3.69 for lunch and I am just starting to get hungry after 5 hours. NOT BAD.
Merriam-Webster defines "Café" as follows... "A usually small and informal establishment serving various refreshments (as coffee)."  Can you get coffee here?  No.  Well, to be honest, I have never asked for coffee, but who would at a Chinese... I mean...Asian restaurant.  So this so called "Café" has no coffee.  Is that a problem?  No.  First of all, they do have 2/3 of the definition correct.  It is small, and informal.  For me, that is close enough.  I do have to say, though, that for an order-at-the-counter "Asian" restaurant, it is extremely clean and new inside.  And the staff is extremely friendly.  In fact, you can ask them about their food and they actually have an answer!  Now friends, this is extremely peculiar for such a restaurant.  This friendliness also lends itself to some flexibility when it comes to ordering.  They will let you substitute meats, adjust heat of a dish, etc., without blinking and eye.  And all this for dirt farm poor prices.  The lunch specials are an insane bargain with all kinds of sides.  And for dinner, although it is a bit more expensive, they load you up with tons of food.   

But this begs the question you are all wondering.  Is this "Café" at least "Asian?"  Merriam-Webster defines "Asian" as follows..."Of, relating to, or characteristic of the continent of Asia or its people."  So do they have Russian food here?  No.  Do they have Vegemite here?  No.  Do they even have Korean food or Japanese food?  No.  This is truly Chinese food, without question.  And it is an outstanding example of Chinese cuisine.  Everything is made to order, extremely fresh, and very light and authentic; sort of the anti-Panda Express.  And considering this place will make your food just about as quickly, without having to wait in line with a bunch of mouth-breathing yahoos, I would highly recommend a visit to Asian Café, even if the name is completely and utterly misleading.  And besides, the name still makes a lot more sense than Panda Express.  I mean, can you eat Panda there?  Do they have Pandas working in the kitchen?  Do they have a Panda petting zoo in there somewhere?  Would you want that where you eat anyway?  I hear those things are dirty, ornery, and smelly.
I've been going to this place for over 2 years and they have great food, prepared fast, and at great prices!

Try their Teriyaki Chicken, they use Chinese 5-spice, great ingredient!
Fantastic food. Great prices. Nice locale.  Every time I go in, I always feel like they're making food special for me. Oh wait, they are !  I'm a picky eater, so I always deviate a little from the regular menu ingredients. I love that they can cook to suit my needs.  It proves difficult sometimes at other restaurants. But not at Asian Cafe.
This spot is the standard chinese food spot. nothing to special but nothing wrong. I randomly felt like chinese and have driven by this place a thousand times so wandered in. Seems family owned.

We got a non-menu item, lo mein noodles with sheshwan sauce. I got sweet and sour pork combo. soooo the combo not only came with my pork but also crab puffs, rice, an eggroll, lo mein noodles, it was crazy for 7.50.

cant go wrong if your in the mod for some cheap chinese.
okay, but not nearly as good as this batch of reviews makes it sounds.  

kind of cheap, but a little bit greasy

plenty of choices nearby that will get  you better quality for the same $
This place is great. The food is really cheap, and made fresh. 
While the bowls at Panda Express are like $5, they're only $3.40 here, and it tastes better. Plus, you can customize the food for no additional charge (unless you add something). Also, THEY DELIVER.
Moo shu pork is best I have had in years and wife loved the sweet and sour chicken.....I recommend the Asian cafe for good, quality take out at a good price!
Fair.  Great lunch prices
Average.  Not bad or special. Reasonable prices
Lunch special was great price. Under $7 with drink. I had the orange chicken lunch combo. The meal was super hot and quite tasty. Good portion for a lunch combo. Nice clean interior with new granite topped tables. Atmosphere is what you would expect with a large waterfall painting and proverbial white ceramic cat on the counter. Staff was very nice, even asking me how my meal was. I will be back!
I recently moved to this neighborhood. I stumbled upon this place one day when I was headed to the pizza place next door, but I didn't really want pizza. WOW, what a great find. The food is fresh and prepared quickly, and the portions are huge. The staff are very nice. I usually get the small, which is enough for two meals. Now, I call to place an order for pickup, and they tell me 15 minutes, but it is usually closer to 5. Delivery has been very quick as well. I have tried almost everything on the menu, and love it all.
We flew into Phoenix and decided to eat lunch before we headed to Sedona. We were craving Asian food and decided to give Asian Cafe a try. We ordered, Mongolian beef, spicy Thai chicken, sesame chicken, and sweet and sour chicken. Each entree was accompanied by a scoop of fried rice, a scoop of noodles, an egg roll, a fortune cookie, and a soda. The egg roll was pretty standard fare, but had a nice ginger taste that was unique. The fried rice was quite bland. I am not an Asian noodle fan, so I did not try them. The chicken entrees were all good. All in all, the food was fine. It was very inexpensive ... $4.50 for the whole meal. I was not impressed, however,  with the styrofoam food boxes (dine-in meals  served that way), styrofoam cups and plastic forks and knives. I do not think I would return to or recommend the restaurant as there are many others to choose from in the area .
The service here is great. Food arrived quickly. Be warned they dont include utensils. But what was delivered was fantastic! I would describe the food here as healthy, flavorful asian fusion..... and that's lowballing it. 
 we ordered orange chicken, thai spicy chicken, broccoli beef & soup. everything was fantastic.Thai chicken is deliciously SPICY. The wonton soup should be called surprise soup bcuz there's a yummy surprise in the bottom. Try it! Best egg rolls. Try them too. Happy 2013!
Our food was horrible! We ordered the Mongolian beef, it was all onions hardly any meat. Not to mention the Gen. Tao chicken was horrible too! Not even sure if it was chicken.
This little café is down the street from my house, I used to go there all the time. I had not been here in a while before tonight. I will never return again.
We got the food to go. I should've taken it back. But after working all day, I was just too tired.
Beware!!! Go anywhere else but here. You will be disappointed.
I have read about this place since moving here a few years ago, and what a gem this place. The atmosphere isn't elegant, but the Thai Spicy Chicken was incredible. Full of flavor, veggies & chicken, made in just a few minutes, while being very economical.  I will return again very soon. 

Give it a try.
This place is probably one of my favorite lunch spots in there area besides getting some Chino action in my life. Food is all that you'd expect from an Americanized Asian joint. The price is the gem. The lunch specials are stellar. If you pay more than $7 you're ordering wrong. 

The portions are plenty generous for the price. The place is clean, friendly, and fast. All things that I value very much during my limited lunch hour. I go 1-2 times a week, and have yet to be disappointed. Give it a go
This place has great food at an affordable price. The shrimp lo mein was outstanding and the Thai spicy chicken was very flavorful, it had a good kick of spice without being overwhelming.
I love Asian Cafe!!!! I eat here all the time. Love their Thai spicy chicken and shrimp and always get their lo mein. They are fantastic at making substitutions also. Great food for a great price!!! We are going tonight as a matter of fact!!
My favorite Chinese delivery. You get a ton of food and it's not to expensive! The employees are always friendly and smiling. Just a little hole in the wall place. My favorite part is they will sub tofu on any entree! They always quote delivery at 30-40 min and ALWAYS show up wayyyy earlier. My husband and I eat here at least once a month.
My first time at the Asian Cafe, after reading the reviews here I gave it a shot.  I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, with 2 egg rolls.   The chicken was very over cooked, and mostly inedible, the egg rolls were good but had a lot of black pepper in them.  Overall the highlight was the egg rolls, but the chicken upset my stomach, and I can't see myself returning to this location.
I went to Yelp to find a good Chinese food delivery place and came upon this one.  The last one I used to go to must have changed owners or something because the food went from amazing to awful.  I'm so glad we found this one.  The prices are reasonable and the food was delicious.  I ordered the spicy thai chicken and it was awesome. It had lots of chicken and good quality chicken at that.  My boyfriend ordered the hunan spicy beef and again the beef was perfectly cooked.  We also ordered the pot stickers, and crab puffs and they didn't disappoint either.  The fried rice was not the best I ever had but it won't stop me from ordering there again.  This will be my go to place for Chinese from now on!  I don't know why anyone would give this place less than four stars.
I've been here several times and although the food is mostly pretty good, the man behind the counter is ALWAYS rude. No matter how polite we are to him, he never fails to roll his eyes at us when we ask for extra sweet and sour or hot mustard. He also rolls his eyes when we ask simple questions about the dishes we plan to order. He talks to us like we are stupid and always makes it clear that we are inconveniencing him. If they didn't have lunch specials at such a great price I probably wouldn't go back due to his bad attitude, but the food and prices are pretty good. My favorites are the beef and broccoli and the Thai spicy chicken. The egg roll would be one of the best I've had except they don't change their fryer oil often enough and anything deep fried has a nasty rancid oil flavor.
By far the best place to get Chinese food! I love the beef and broccoli. Give the Asian cafe a try. Good prices. The people that own the place are very welcoming.
The best hole in the wall restaurant in phoenix! Chicken Singapore rice noodles are highly recommend
Just got home from there and am itching to write a review.  We ordered 3 dishes, water boiled fish, kung pao chicken and baby bok choy with shitake mushrooms.  We really enjoyed the water boiled fish, for valley sze chuan fans, I would say it was comparable to water boiled fish at the sze chuan place at the chinese cultural center.  The bok choy was brought out on a huge plate with a nice presentation with a good serving of mushrooms in the middle.  The kung pao chicken was okay, not quite as good as the other sze chuan palace.  

This place use to be a buffet so it's huge.  When you enter it may seem empty, but I promise the food will be worth the awkwardness of sitting in a huge room that is mostly empty.
Currently basking in the afterglow leftover from eating here for dinner.. A full, satisfied belly and a faint vibration coming from my lips as if they wish to continue dancing after the music has long since stopped.  

  Based on Stone J.'s glowing review of the water boiled fish I decided to go with that with an additional appetizer of pork dumplings in chili oil.. Both came out relatively fast and the presentation was superb (picture added).

  Steaming hot, chock full of spicy kick from fresh szechuan peppercorns - I had to quickly adapt to the formidable power of this food or risk perishing in the wide open space that serves it.. I gained a sort of sick pleasure from having my nose run and my eyes water, symptoms of the intensity brewed beyond the kitchen window facing the dining area.

  This filling, delicious (and seemingly pretty healthy) $18 meal was finished off with a fortune written by someone for whom English was probably not their first language, yet who clearly meant to say something along the lines of 'spread the love'...

  Glad I came, will absolutely be coming back again.
so don't get me wrong the place is okay, but i mean i wouldn't travel so far for it

The place is very very spread out. It was standard chinese restaurant service, a little better actually because it was so empty we got most of the attention. 

Anyways, the food just really didn't impress me, um good thing though it didn't ruin me 4 hours later...if you know what i mean....
This place is amazing! Tonight was my first time here at this new place! I remembered this place when it was Chinese gourmet! The place looks bigger now, it's more open! I literally walked I'm dumbfounded because I was expecting to walk in to the Chinese gourmet buffet lay out! The hostess/waitress was very nice and friendly! She informed me that she has only been there for a month (I would not have noticed that if she did not tell me, that's how good she was!) She was the only waitress working and she was taking care of 3 tables and got to me as soon as I walked in the door, she took my to go order and went back to her tables while waiting for my order! I also got a free glass of water while I waited! I am glad it is down the street from my house because I will continue to go there! :)
When I walked in here, I was accompanied by my friend's wife and my friend's kid (my friend had to work and all three of them happen to be white).  If only I had a sign that said, "I swear that the kid is not mine".  I think that's what prompted them to give me the white people menu.  I looked at it, laughed, and said "give me the real menu".

I took the liberty of ordering a bunch of stuff.  I got the steamed dumplings and chili oil, dan dan noodles, celery and peanuts, and bacon and green beans.  The bacon green beans were awesome.  All the food was good, but that's what the money dish was.  Get it.

I'll have to come back for the hotter chili oil options when I'm not accompanied by a 2 year old....or do I just sneak him chili oil when his parents aren't looking?  Hmm....
They have American and authentic Chinese food (2 menus). The lunch menu is great and cheap. You can get an entree, rice, choice of soup, salad and an egg roll for $6-$8.
Was good but not out of this world. Saw a few college students and business folks in the restaurant so it must be consistently good food.
Middle of the road Chinese cuisine. Nothing too special, appetizers tasted like they were from Costco. The other dishes were just middle of the road. Service was ok, food a little  bit cold upon arrival at the table. 
Would order takeout again, but rarely.
Since Sichuan Cuisine is now closed, we were in the hunt for a new but relatively close Sichuanese restaurant.  So we turned to Yelp! and discovered Szechuan Palace in Chandler, AZ.

The new Szechwan Palace in Chandler is as authentic as Sichuanese style fare ever gets.  Very similar to their sister restaurant in Phoenix.  Caveat:  The back half of the menu lists many not-so-authentic dishes geared towards what some might refer to as "American Chinese" food, such as beef and broccoli, etc.

There are three (3) key ingredients in Sichuanese cooking:
1. MA:  Tongue-numbing sensation from the Chinese peppercorn.
2. LA:  Spicy hot heat from the chili pepper.
3. TANG:  Heated (hot) oil.... lots of tang.

This restaurant serves up all three in just the right proportions.  

This was our first visit, so we ordered the usual:  Scallion Pancake, Chongqing Chicken,  Fish Hot Pot, Sliced Pork with Jalapenos,  Sliced Beef In Hot Chili Oil,  All were very delicious.  BTW - the Sliced Pork with Peppers is on of my personal favorites and it not on the menu - but the chef graciously whipped it up for us anyway.   It was the first dish to arrive.  Yum!  

We did order General Tso's Chicken from the American Chinese Menu.  I normally don't order American Chinese food, but in all fairness, the dish was crispy and sweet.  The chicken was all white meat.  

Prices were very fair.  Entrees from the dinner menu were $8 - $10.  Service was good - dishes were cleared, tea and rice were refilled. 

There was a whiteboard listing daily specials - we'll try one or more of these next time.

I'll be back.  Soon.
This marks my first true tasting of Szechuan food. I ordered two items from the traditional menu: dumpling in chili sauce and Hunan bacon. Each were deliciously tasty, however had similar favors. I'm guessing the Szechuan peppercorn?

The service was marginal. I was greeted quickly however I sat at my table for about 15 minutes after I was done before the server approached me. I wasn't in a hurry, had a book to read (came alone as the other half isn't adventurous when it comes to food) and had plenty of tea left in the pot. 

Would I come back? Definitely.
Selection of both authentic and Americanized chinese food at reasonable price. Server was very friendly and nice. She took our order for something that was not on the menu and had the chef cook it for us!
This location opened just 2 months ago. We went in because we found a coupon...to our surprise it was delicious! Honestly,  the Kung poa chicken was described from my boyfriend as probably the best he has ever had. We also had the general tso's  chicken.  Also, a good sign is that we were the only white people in the restaurant :). Yes, that sounds bad- but its definitely a good sign in my opinion, Lol.  It was really good. You won't be disappointed.
(Lyrics - Teresa Teng - Tian Mi Mi -- if you don't know google classic Chinese Pop star!)

Tian Mi Mi
Your food is spicy as hot chili
How shang hur kai zan chun feng li
Your food is spicy as hot chili

I've wondered where on earth
Where on earth I've tasted you before?
Your taste is familiar to me
but I still can't remember where

Ah....in Chandler!
Shi ni...shi ni...Meng jian de jiu shi ni

Szechuan Palace is no palace by any means.  Not to say it looks dinky or dirty, but it's a mom/pop own restaurant.  Serving up classic Szechuan dishes and yes "Americanize Chinese" food too!  That was totally the highlight of the night!  Having that on the menu really tells my non-Asian friends what they have been eating at Panda Express or Pei Weis.  Yeah they're not actually Chinese food....

Szechuan food is actually very spicy and originate from Southern China.  So my expectations of spicy food was not disappointed.  We ordered some "Americanized" dishes and some traditional dishes.  Fried string beans, kung pao chicken, ma po tofu, pork belly, stir fried peppered steak, etc....Point it is we ordered a lot!  Why? Because the prices here are dirt cheap!  I totally dig a place that has food that's not over priced because of it's location or name.  

Overall, Szechuan Palace serves up some pretty good Chinese cuisine.  I personally don't care for spice, but if you need it because your life depends on it then this is a place for you.  Pretty authentic from what I know and after a few Ching Tsao, that spicy and salty tasted is well welcomed and a great combination! - Enjoy!
We did carry-out.  We are not experts on authentic Chinese or Szechuan food, but we thoroughly enjoyed the won-tons in spicy/sour sauce, the Kung Pao Chicken, the Hunan Beef, and the pork fried rice.  Everything was delicious and seemed to be made to order.  We'll definitely be back.
Went here tonight for dinner for fathers day. We have been looking for some authentic chinese food. When we first walked in place was clean empty but looked nice. The menu has two menus one authentic and other american chinese. We ordered from the authentic side. We started with steamed buns with pork, dan dan noddles (great), pork dumplings in chili oil. For our meal we got the shrimp hot pot, lamb with cumin and chicken fried rice. The lamb was delicious my fave. Every thing was great. Service was awesome never had a empty cup checked on us when needed not pushed. The bill was 52 which was great for everything we got we will be going back.
Let me say that the rating was based primarily on the food, it was great.  We had the steamed pork buns, west lake beef soup, xaoshing eggplant, black bean fish filet, and hunan chili pork.  They were great, especially the steamed buns.  The portion sizes were big and the prices were very reasonable.  I would order any of them again.

What kept this from being a five star review was the service, it was bad.  When we first got there, the waitress just told us to take a seat anywhere.  There were only a few tables that had plates and silverware already on them, luckily one of them was a table of 5 for us.  After sitting there a few minutes, we just got our own menus and then waited another 5 minutes before a waitress came to get our drink order.  We placed our order for the buns and soup while still deciding on the rest.  After the drinks arrived, we placed the rest of the order and the food came out quickly.

The waitress never stopped back to ask if everything was okay (which it was), and never came back to refill our water (until checking to see if we were ready for the bill and us asking her for refills).  Also, the phone was ringing constantly and no one seemingly picked it up.  It wasn't busy at all, there were only two other tables the whole time we were there, and two waitresses working so I couldn't understand why the service was so slow.  Seems like it would be helpful to hire a host who could answer phones, seat people, and give them menus.

But we will be back because of the food, only next time, we will probably get it to go.
I've been remiss in not reviewing Szechuan Palace until now.  I've eaten here at least 4 times in the last couple months, both eat-in and take out.  As with other reviewers here, I was a fan of the now closed Szechuan Cuisine in Chandler and had to find another place for my water boiled fish fix.

I first noticed this place on my multiple trips to Ninja, formerly my favorite all-you-can-eat sushi joint, which has completely gone to hell recently, but that's another story.

Like most authentic chinese restaurants, Szechuan Palace leads a double life.  The front half of the menu is the usual overly sweet neon colored Cantonese garbage you expect to find at Panda Express.  On our first visit, we immediately turned to the back of the menu, prompting our server to remark "oh, you came here for the real stuff".  What would be the point otherwise?

The chongking chicken is every bit as good as I had in SF's chinatown.  The water boiled fish is also phenomenal.  And even when ordering to go, the portions are huge.

You can order for takeout or delivery on GrubHub (link on their website). Extremely easy ordering system.  Only problem is takeout is ready in 10 minutes and I live more than 10 minutes away.  I've learned to live with it.
Was looking for Chinese buffet, and Siri led us here (NOT a Chinese buffet).  We stayed anyway and were not disappointed.  They have outstanding food - and good Chinese food is hard to come by.  We will definitely go back!
Very tasty.  Veggies perfectly cooked with the chicken dishes we had.  Excellent service.  Waitresses always around to see if you need anything.  We really liked the American Kung Pao.  Spicy.  They also serve it Chinese style which we have yet not tried.
Overall I have been rather happy with this place. Have ordered for delivery a couple times and the food was always prompt, hot and as ordered. The pricing is very reasonable, and the food actually quite good for a $6 lunch. Minimum of $15 on all delivery orders FYI. I personally always enjoy  a good chow mein and they make one well. 
Glad to have a place so close to my house to deliver that craving of Chinese when I want!
The reviews for this place were so good I was really excited to place my take out order. I really like vegetables so I ordered all vegetarian items and I have to say it was just, meh.  Oh well, I guess I'm still looking for that one great place for Chinese in the SE Valley.
This place was a big surprise!  We were actually going to T spot a few doors down but the place was empty. So hubby and I decided to forget ramen, let's go Chinese!  They are good, very tasty!
Hubby ordered the MaPo Tofu. I had the Pot stickers and Pork veggie rice cake. Excellent
I love this place.  I have been here quite a few times and this review is long overdue.  Having been to Sichuan province, I can say this is very authentic.  To really appreciate  the true nature of the food, you should be a spice fan.  I am and the Water Boiled fish is my favorite meal.  I also think the steamed dumplings in chili oil are some the best I have had with delicate wrapping and delicious filling.  The Mao Po Tofu is quite good and my wife is a big fan of the Almond Chicken, which is not spicy but very flavorful.
Clean, gorgeous place! Fantastic wait staff, AMAZING, AUTHENTIC CUISINE! So impressed! Go, go, go!
"hair on mushroom soup" I suggest you skip this dish.  And they didn't been apologize.  4 tables in the place and they still forgot about us.  This place sucks
Excellent, quiet, family-style location. I enjoy the food and the service!
I am a recent arrival from the east coast and have not been to impressed with the Chinese food I have tried in the area, until now.  The food is excellent.   I went for lunch during the week and was really impressed with the quality and value of the lunch specials.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the abysmal service.
Wow I just order stir fry kidney from szechwan palace, mild by the way. My mouth is on numb and my body on fire. Sweating like pig. By the way is good thing, it is being while since I found Sichuan resturant like them have in China and California
best szechwan cuisine in this town. spicy and delicious.
We came to AZ from Utah about a year ago and spent most of that time looking for some "crispy" tasty Orange Chicken.  I had about given up.  A couple places were ok, but soggy.  Then we landed here!!  LOVE this place.  It's CLEAN, the waitresses are very pleasant.  My hubby has tried their orange chicken and curry chicken.  The hot and sour soup is addicting!!!  The rice is just perfect.  It doesn't get any better than this!!!!  We used to drive way out of our way toward Utah and go through Mesquite just to get some Chinese Food (they have a delicious place)...and thank goodness now we have found these guys.  Been going here a few months now, like every other day ha ha.  Great food.  Clean.  (and these days that is a bonus for sure!  Go here.  You won't be sorry.    PS.  Got a text from the hubby...CRAB Wontons are awesome too!!!! yes they are!
We ordered the dumplings and the shrimp and walnut. The shrimp comes with broccoli which is perfectly cooked for my taste. The sauce for the dumplings is so really tasty.
A friend told me about Szechwan Palace, so I had to check it out.  WOW ... there's the Szechwan menu, the Hunan menu and the American menu.  Very extensive.  
We ordered Kao Pao Chicken and seasonal vegetables (I think). The Kao Pao Chicken was FABULOUS (and the vegetables were great).  We'll be back.

I gave 4 stars instead of 5 only because when I called to order, no one asked if I was ordering from the Asian menu or the American menu (MUCH tamer, I'm told).  So when I arrived to pick up the order it hadn't been started yet because they didn't know how spicy to make the Kao Pao.  So, if you phone order, you may want to make sure that they know which menu you're ordering from.
Reminds me of the best Chinese food I've eaten in New York and San Francisco.  Cumin spiced lamb and the ma po tofu are special favorites of mine.
What a gem! Every time I go it is more impressive. I am a true lover of authentic Sichuan cuisine, and this is as good as i've found outside of a China (or my favorite Mala Tang in Arlington VA).
Some must tries are Spicy Pickles (cabbage); Ma Po Tofu (ask for Ja Ma), Water Boiled Lamb (also Ja Ma), baby Bok Choy & Mushrooms. Our kids always devour the Rice Noodles with beef.
Very nice servers.
My wife and I go there now and then. The food is always good and plentiful. The service is great, very friendly people. We highly recommend Tasty China.
I am not a picky person but food really taste bad, the meats are not fresh, too much soy sauce and oil in everything. The only good thing is the portion. But what can you do with big portions if the dishes taste bad?
Great local Chinese delivery place. Very friendly staff, nice packaging on the food, and reasonably priced. The food itself was well prepared and flavorful, although it's still just your standard Chinese stuff. Will be eating there again though.
The sesame chicken is great. It's a locally owned place and the portions and prices are perfect. I will definitely be back.
Love there food!! A lot better than Grand China that use to be in that location. Great Mongolian Beef and Cashew Chicken :) Their house friend rice is really good too!!
I had given up trying to find a good China's restaurant in this town.  I even tried China town and highly recommended restaurant, until the day I stopped in with my two son's for a quick lunch.  We were surprised by the amount of food that is served on the lunch menu how wonderful the flavor was.  We had a very sweet waitress named Melissa who was so friendly and kind.

We have been going to Tasty China now for over 5  months and love every dish we order.  I like shrimp dishes.  The shrimp are large and very fresh, they snap when you bit into them and have a wonderful sweet flavor.

Tasty China is our whole family's favorite restaurant.  The service is always so kind and  are always happy to see us.  We love this restaurant.
The best hot and sour soup anywhere. Reasonably priced as well.  Wait staff are very pleasant as well.
This is the best Chinese restaurant I have found on Craig Rd. I am very specific about what Chinese food I eat, and they are the only place so far that makes shrimp with lobster sauce the way I like (or at all). My kids rave about the fried rice, no matter what meat is in it, and my husband cannot get enough of the beef and broccoli. The service is always excellent, and everyone that works at the restaurant has a great personality. This is probably the only Chinese restaurant we will go to while we live here.
POOR SERVICE, POOR QUANTITY.  I ordered from this place for a second time as it is the only chinese delivery in my area.  The first time they messed my order up, they did not follow my delivery instructions, woke up my roomates by ringing the doorbell when I specifically told them to call me when the driver pulled up.  This review is written after the second delivery.  I ordered the Kung pao Triple, for 11.95 and it contained barely any meat/shrimp.  I may as well have ordered vegetables in kung pao sauce.  AGAIN they did not follow my deliver instructions by calling when they pulled up and AGAIN woke up my roomates by ringing the doorbell.  Avoid this place if you can, i just finished my $21 worth of food ( kung pao triple and 2 chicken rolls) and I am still hungry.  The quality of the food is not bad but the quantity is horrible and their customer service is non-existent.
I was really hungry after a long work day and decided to order take out. I ordered Barbecue Pork, Cheese Rangoon, Pork fried rice, and Mongolian Beef. The staff said the order would take about ten minutes. The bill came to about thirty dollars.

The staff were kind and friendly. The order took about twenty minutes. When I got home, the food was at perfect dining temperature. The Barbecue Pork was tender, but a little fatty and overly sweet. The Cheese Rangoon were tasty, light, and flavorful. The pork fried rice was a tad greasy and a little bland. I make far better at home.. The Mongolian Beef was ideal, a great mix of spicy, sweet, and crunchy.

The portions were enough to feed four, so, not bad for the price overall. I would go back to try other menu items. Definitely not the place to going you are keeping to a diet.
For being in North town - this is pretty good Chinese! I have tried others around the area and this is pretty authentic.  We got the lunch special and it is reasonable priced. Great flavor and fast! Thai tea was awesome too!
This is my favorite place in North Las Vegas to get takeout Chinese! Their sesame chicken is really great, and they serve a large portion. My experience with their delivery drivers are that they're super polite and on time. I would definitely recommend Tasty China for both takeout and delivery!
I eat at Tasty China at least twice a week. Really great quality chinese food that's flavorful and satisfying. One of the issues with most "american chinese" restaurants is great quality food with reasonable prices and this place has both.

They are always so nice and the service is always great. I would recommend Tasty China if you are looking for traditional "american chinese" comfort foods!
Ate here for lunch recently.  Got the General Tso's lunch special. Ordered it spicy but it wasn't spicy at all(even though there were peppers added to the dish).  Corn flower soup was just ok. Service & prices are good.
Will dine here again. More dishes to try !!
I called in to order for pick-up and the owner took my order. I ordered 2 meal of lunch special for pick-up and he told me there will be $1 more charge for soup containers. Never mentioned on their menu and I had never asked to charge more for to-go soup containers from any other Chinese restaurants. However, Tasty China has their own website for online orders and online orders CAN NOT CHARGE EXTRA for to go soup containers. Do not call in for orders, they will charge you for to go soup containers. I came home and opened the bag and there was no egg roll for both meals. I called them back and they told me to come back to their restaurant to get my 2 egg rolls. It was already too far and I didn't want to waste my gas. General tso chicken was ok but Chicken with garlic sauce came with 3 little pieces of meat and bunch of veggies. Chicken with garlic sauce needs to change its name to"Veggies with garlic sauce (3 little chicken pieces included)." One of the cheap and stingy Chinese restaurants!! Don't waste your time here.
Went there with my co-workers this past weekend after a long day working at the Chinese New Year's Festival.  We didn't get there until 8:30pm and the restaurant closes at 9:30pm.  We know the owner there and we want to try it out and see how the food taste.

It wasn't very busy because it's already late at night and they close in an hour, we sat in the middle of the restaurant and Paul (one of the manager) helped us out with ordering.

All of the food items from the menu looked delicious, we ordered a noodle, bean curd, and a chicken dish.  Personally I won't go back again because the prices are so high and the food portion isn't all that enough for the price we paid.  Four of us went and we paid $30 before tips.
Just got off the plane and wanted to get some beer and snacks at Ranch 99 market so we decided to get a quick bite to eat next door at Beijing Garden. It was 2:30 and all the other restaurants were closed. I had been there before when it as another Chinese restaurant. The decor was the same. The menu was colorful and extensive.
We were the only ones in the place from beginning to end of the meal. We ordered two dishes the rice noodle soup and the house special crispy fried noodles. The Crispy Noodles had chicken, pork and shrimp and was OK 3 stars. The other rice noodle soup was terrible. A little ground pork in a bland greasy pork broth and some thin rice noodles. no stars. see pics. It comes spicy and they way it's spiced is the waiter gives you some siracha to add. The people who work there didn't know their own dishes. Sorry but, I don't think I will be coming back. Also, they turned  a nicely decorated restaurant and added some stainless steel hot food tables in the back. It makes the place look like a cheap street food stand in the back of a Hutong open air market in Beijing.
This restaurant food was good and will improve once they have their liquor license to sell beer...because sometimes with this hot Phoenix weather a cold beer is just the perfect drink! I ordered Singapore-style rice noodles and while the food was delicious I really would have loved the meal to arrive to me piping hot. It is wonderful food but I cannot eat it fast enough so the last pieces are still warm, that's why it has to arrive to the customer piping hot. I enjoyed a pot of tea and read a magazine. There were at least 3 other groups of people enjoying their meal.
Expensive and nothing delicious. Never go there again
My parent's wanted to try this place out, I was a little wary because of the reviews but I thought it was pretty good. We ordered the following:
Garlic Chicken: very flavorful, with sliced garlic
Pork & Bean Curd - Also very good, slices of pressed tofu with a brown sauce, skimpy on the pork though
Scallion Pancakes - very tasty, light and fluffy
Pork & Cabbage Dumplings - flavorful fresh dumplings

I really liked that they had a dim-sum menu so we could try a few more things, there were also a lot of items that I haven't heard of and would like to try. The service was good too. Dinner for 3 of us was $30, I will definitely return.
After reading Howard Seftel's review, I couldn't get to Beijing Garden fast enough to try the more unusual dishes. I loved the chicken cartilage pieces! Reminds me of chewing the ends off of drumsticks. Hefty portion of these ethnic gems. I also tried the Taiwanese frog legs, which were even great nibbled on cold the next day. Going back soon to try the sea cucumber. Who cares if the décor is sparse if one gets to eat out-of-the-ordinary foods? And I don't understand the reviewer who thought dinner for 4 for $30 without tips was expensive. Under $8 a person is expensive? Welcome to the 21st century! (Your wife must really look forward to birthdays and anniversaries with you.)
Manager Paul was as pleasant as he could be, and a big help to us non-Chinese speakers. And I didn't gain 5 pounds in one meal from salt overload here either. Plus, one can buy black Silkie chicken, rattlesnake, and duck feet next door at the market to continue the food adventure at home.  Yea.
Back for a meal...again the Singapore -style rice noodles while my friend enjoyed eggplant in garlic sauce with white rice. Both meals were hot. Since they still have no liquor license I went with Boba milk tea...an interesting change in drink.
Outstanding food and service. Will go back.
My son ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken along with the Shrimp Fried Rice, which he enjoyed.  My husband was not impressed with the Broccoli Beef.  While I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup and the Hot and Spicy Lamb.  The Hot and Sour Soup was mediocre I've had much better and the Hot and Spicy Lamb was extremely greasy.  
The quality of the meals is not what will keep up us from coming back.  It was the fact that as we were waiting for our check my son noticed a cockroach next to my husband's shoe on the floor. Which brought our attention to the reminder of the dining room floor and we saw another one.  Totally gross!!
Well I read some of the other reviews and we must have hit it on a great day because the food was hot, prepared to order (Hunan Shrimp was extra spicy and loaded with big ol' shrimp), and everything tasted great.  The servers were attentive and didn't have to be asked to fill drinks, bring a few extra napkins, etc.  Lots of dishes under 10 bucks and a similar amount in the 13-16 dollar range.  Portions are big enough to share.  

The menu is quite extensive - I'm not into frogs, but you can get them.  The dining room was tidy and well arranged.  They were busy but we didn't feel cramped for space.  Overall nice place and tasty food.  I'll go back.
It was only 4:30pm but had a case of the hungries so went to Beijing Garden for an early dinner. They were empty but love being the only people in the restaurant. Usually get great service and today was no exception.

Started with jasmine tea, don't get the black tea when jasmine is available, it is so much  better.

Wife ordered and we got thinly sliced pork with bamboo and fried tofu. There is also sliced leaks and celery. It is one of my favorites. Pretty healthy and tastes awesome. I could eat most of it myself. 

Also had the sliced pork and rice cakes (mochi for you Japanese aficionados). This is sautéed with salted mustard cabbage which is just amazing. One of my favorite vegetables. Got to find out how they make it. Rice cakes are tender and flavorful.

Those two dishes are not your run of the mill. They have orange chicken and Kung pao too but you can get that at Panda Express. 

The one thing that I want to try is the Peking Duck but you need to call ahead. Perhaps next time.
I came here after my graduation ceremony to celebrate with my family.  The service was horrible, for lack of a better word. We didn't leave a tip due to the service. The owner came and asked me why there was no tip and I thought it would be for constructive criticism but he started arguing with me instead. In addition, he made a racist comment. Very unprofessional. He was in denial that they offered terrible service and refused to listen to what I had to say to improve their service. I have never experience such treatment or service and I eat out daily. To top it off, the food was salty. 

There is a Chinese restaurant next to this one, Szechwan Palace, that offers better service and food...go there instead.
I gave it 0 Star. Arrived at 5pm and got seated but no menus were given. At 5:10pm asked for menus. Ordered food at 5:20pm. Got my 2 Thai Iced teas at 5:23pm, nice service is picking up! At 5:45pm asked why food hasn't arrived yet and was told that they are backed up and seeing the table behind us which ordered 10 minutes after us getting their order. Walked out at 5:55pm and still no food. Sad place for restaurant, could not even get a Shrimp Fried Rice in 35 minutes.....
In spite of the mixed reviews, I decided to give them a try.  Oh!  What a mistake!

I went there in attempt to get some lunch, but with no success!  I cannot comment on the food since no one took my order even though I've alerted 2 different staff members that I was ready to order.  When I walked in, the lady just gave me a menu and told me to seat myself.  Then, there was no table settings or anyone asking if I wanted tea or water....a few minutes later, someone just dropped off a tumbler of iced water and walked away...then another few minutes later, another lady brought silverware and napkin...then no one came to the table to take my order.  The waitress with glasses and long hair was just too busy making sure that people paid their bills while the male waiter was too slow...all I can say is, based on the level of service...it's a 1 star at best.
A little conflicted here. The food was a solid four stars. The portions were ample and the taste was spot on. The "service" on the other hand is non-existent. My server was unfriendly and hurried. Not the normal all business type that you usually get in Asian restaurants, but just plain horrible at his job. Came up to the table and just stood there looking out the window...not a word to me, just stood there. You can get the same good food elsewhere with better service and cheaper prices. Don't bother here.
I have not had the chance to try anything other then their soup. However,  the soup hear is addicting.  At least their spicy beef nuddle soup is. I always get my soup to go and find they give you a lot of it. Sadly, the portions you get, really are over priced at it nearly $9.00 tub-to-go. That's one reason for the rating I have chosen to give it. 

Now the people are friendly here, the place is clean and food does not take that long. At least thw soup does not. Your on you own guessing how long it will take to get othet foods.

So far I lije this place and will return.
We came here for a surprise birthday party.  We had about 30 people.  The place was clean.  Some of the dishes were good & some of the dishes were ok.  We have 3 different appetizers (cold noodles with beef, veggie platter, etc.); roasted duck (not bad); spicy fried pork chops (good); seafood on rice crackers (good), soup (didn't know it had noodles and goodies in the bottom of the pot), etc.  

I would come back to pick things that I would like to try next time.
Service is awful, even for Chinese people (I'm Chinese, so I am socially qualified to make that statement.) Food is good occasionally, but I question their hygienic standards.

For example, I know that Peking duck is not supposed to taste rancid. It tasted rancid twice in my frequent visits, and I eat there mostly because my in-laws like the place. 

"The duck tastes off." I said.

"No it doesn't." said the waitress without missing a beat.

Once, while dining with my toddler son, my wife asked if they had anything for him to drink along with his water. We asked for milk or orange juice, both of which they had none. "What do you give kids, then?" asked my wife. "Just give him soda." said the waitress. My father-in-law decided to have the Special of the Day. 

"We don't have the Special of the Day." said the waitress, her deadpan face never betraying the dripping irony of the statement. The manager came out soon thereafter. 

"Sorry, we don't have the special of the day today, sir. Can I get you the wonderful fresh cod that we're known for? It's steamed with traditional spices for half an hour and served on a bed of greens-- a delight to the taste, especially with a splash of light Pinot Noir."

... is what he never said. Instead, the cap-and-jeans dude looked irritated and said, "Get number 44. We don't have special. Get 44."

"What's 44?" 

"It's good." And he walked away.
I've frequent this establishment a couple of times for takeout. Each time I got the hot and sour soup. I decided to dine in tonight because I wasn't feeling well. The restaurant was half full, yet quiet. My hearty shrimp in lobster sauce was delicious and filling. I didn't realize just how hungry I was until I saw the bottom of the dish! 

The staff was very pleasant, but they speak Chinese. I found it difficult to understand them at times. They sent their best English-speaking guy to my table and I was able to order a dish that wasn't on the menu (yay!).
Had a lunch special today as a takeout.  I couldn't believe the prices of the lunch specials starting at 5.95 for:  choice of dish, choice of rice, egg roll and soup.  There were also specials in the 6.95 and 7.95 pricing depending on what you wanted to eat.  For the 5.95 that I selected, I had  shredded pork with dried tofu. The died tofu intrigued me as I had never had it before.  I asked that it be made spicy.  My choice of rice was brown rice which is usually up charged in chinese restaurants.  Not here.  I also got the egg drop soup and an egg roll with the order.  Despite great value on this meal and the generosity of the portion, I would not have called the dish tasty.  Usually pork dishes taste really good.  There was some spiciness as requested but it was made spicy by using hot szechuan oil which made the dish quite a bit greasy.  The egg roll and egg drop soup were fine, but nothing to write home about.  I hope that restaurants in the Chinese Cultural Center up their game.  They should be serving some of the best Chinese food in Phoenix.
Great food! FYI... state the dish name and do not use the number affiliated with each entree. The waitress did mess up one of the meals as we ordered based on the number, other then that I had a great time and left satisfied.
Food is good but not great Service was fast And friendly got the orange chicken lunch combo not sure that I'll be back I guess I'm just used to Panda Express which is no way similar to their orange chicken
Great Food! If anyone write a negative comment, it would be a offence to this new business. It is a grand new opening restaurant and the boss and their chef really try to make the food as authentic as possible. And the Price is just so low that even make me want to pay more in the tip as compensation. If you do not like the food it means that this type of food are not suited for you but not means that this food is bad. Go there and try, I bet you will like it if you like Chinese food.
i tried three times at this restaurant, the short ribs noodle soup is pretty good.  but today, i tried again, the soup base changed, noodle feels not the same as i previous had, and the short ribs..is tough.  hope it could keep up with the quality of the food...it is unique in town..
Soooo full.

The kid and I were starving. We were headed to Thai BBQ in the same plaza but decided to change things up at the last minute. So into Taste of China we went...

Pretty quiet, clean considering the age of the building and not busy at all. There were two other tables seated and the owner let us pick our table. Bathroom was clean (super plus). Service was quick and friendly.

I ordered the MaPo tofu (I'm a temporary vegetarian and it's been pretty difficult considering the spots we normally patronize...) It was tasty, slightly salty and not as spicy as I had hoped which was my fault for not specifying the level of heat I desired for the day haha. My picky child had the sesame chicken (sauce on the side) and she enjoyed it. Portions were pretty large and came with a side of white rice, some pickled cabbage and a dish of roasted peanuts. We ended up boxing up about 2/3 of our food.

Against my better judgment, I ordered a snow ice... not that it tasted bad... I was just too full and I knew my daughter wouldn't touch it. It was actually really good. For $6.50 you get to choose a base and three toppings plus condensed milk. For an extra dollar you can pick a trio of base flavors; additional toppings are 50¢ each. According to the server, snow ice is a cross between shaved ice and ice cream; "fluffy"she said. #itssofluffyicoulddie. I went with Thai tea as a base and red bean, lychee jelly and egg pudding as toppings with condensed milk drizzled on top. #NOM yeah. Totally finished the entire thing. By myself. Haha.

Dinner for two/dessert for one fat mom = $24 ... scratch that... $19. #awesome.

BOTTOM LINE: cheap (owner gave us 20% off...which I gave right back in tip form), quick, tasty, great service and SNOW ICE. I'll be back.
Amazing food. Literally could not finish because the portions are so big! I recommend everything seriously and the red bean boba is incredibleeee!!
Food is great and service is great!! Love the boba tea too!! Cute atmosphere!! Love it! Recommend to anyone who likes authentic food!
Excellent service and flavors that will make you smile!!! Kung Pao chicken is the best I have tasted - better than any at 6 times the price!!! Go for lunch the serving boxes are so neat!!
Decent meal for a decent price with fair portions to go along with excellent, attentive service and the food came out fast and hot.

The groupon they have running really made it a deal ($13 for $25).

General Tso was up to par, crispy and hot, not that soggy stuff that you sometimes find at a lower end buffet.

Kung Pao shrimp consisted of smaller pieces of shrimp than I'm used to getting at my go to spot and the side ingredients weren't varied...pretty much, peanuts, celery and more peanuts and more celery....seemed to be lacking some diced peppers, onions, cucumber or whatever other vegetable medley goes in a kung pao.

Szechuan beef was pretty standard.

They seemed to have an extensive dessert menu and boba drinks that I may have to hit up sometime.

I'm kind of picky with my Chinese. Nothing stood out as being "The Best xxxxx I ever had", but all was done ok and dinner prices are only $7.95 for a meal that won't leave you walking out hungry. 

The owners seemed nice and I hope they do well.
Great service, great food and finish the meal with the best dessert ever: snow ice. Tastes like ice cream with your choice of toppings. Yum yum!
Had groupon deal and never would've tried this place otherwise. We went for lunch and enjoyed plenty of food for two plus boba drinks. General Tao was only mildy hot but nicely crispy and nice chunks of chicken. Fried rice was seasoned right without being too salty or too greasy. I'm not a fan of veggie egg rolls but I did like theirs. Love their Thai tea. Nice people and service for a casual Chinese restaurant.
Food is reasonably priced especially for the huge portions and the strawberry green tea is awesome. From 11a-3p they have yummy lunch specials for $5.95-$6.45
First time trying this restaurant. Good food, good portion, cheap, and great staff!! Their dessert is good too and cheaper than bobba  bars. Will be back for more!!
Even with a Groupon certificate I really felt cheated the food there is very inconsistent not my first visit but definitely my last trip they've mostly cater to people that are here from their home country we were seated first served last's horrible service will never return again even if it was free
2.5 Stars

Let me be truthful, I am comparing the Silver Dragon Chinese Restaurant(SDCR) to the last place(Dragon Chinese Restaurant...yes very similar name) that was in this very building less than a month ago in this review.   

My family and I saw some immediate changes as we walked into SDCR.  They have way more staff than the previous owners.  As you're seated they are at your table in a flash taking your drink order...good right!?   Less than a minute later you are smothered by the service!  I did not like that SDCR is doing everything it can to keep the presentation of the previous place.  Resembling business name, no change to the exterior nor the interior and identical menu with the exception of higher costs.  OK back to the review...a minute after getting the drinks we were confused from the sense of déjà vu!  So we order an appetizer to give ourselves some time to get our bearings.  I kid you not, a second server approaches up within a minute of placing our APP order.  I am getting pissed and told the second waitress we're not ready and was really considering paying for the drinks and appetizer and getting out of Dodge!  The suspense of tasting a few of the regular items we used to order from Dragon Chinese Restaurant to see if SDCR could replicate kept us in our seats.  As we are discussing which items to get we kept hearing people arriving after us asking if this was the same place or asking for the previous employees.  The new crew had the mantra of, "we are owned by the same owner" and "we have better food".  Before the appetizer hits the table we were asked to place our order two more times since my last account.  We finally are placing our order as the APP hits the table.

We order Crab Puffs...they had the same appearance and taste, but the serving size went from 8 pieces to 6 pieces at a higher cost.  They brought our order of Chicken Fried Rice and it looked like it should have.  Again the portion shrunk, this time the flavor was off...way off.  I normally do not use soy sauce on my fried rice but this time it was needed because it was bland.  Along with the lack of flavor the peas and carrots were cool not completely cooked.  Next we have our Shrimp Chow Fun, can you guess if the trend will continue...yes smaller portions.  This is not a saucy dish and noodles are dry, I know this but the underside of the noodles were not coated with the sauce which made this dish under spiced too!  While we were eating we overheard a customer from the previous place give specific instructions with his add-ons along with what the previous restaurant charged for the add-ons.  My family and I got a kick out of this guy and chuckled.  My daughter said that the guy was her "spirit animal",kids say the funniest things sometimes.  

My family and I were very critical with SDCR because we REALLY LIKED Dragon Chinese Restaurant.  SDCR has lost our family's go to status.  Will we ever return, sure to see if they get better whenever in the area.  We will no longer make a special trip from Avondale to eat here.  If I did not compare it to one of my once favorite places, I would give it three stars.  At this point it is very average but it is also their first week being opened.
I was surprised that this location has changed hands yet again. The "new owners" told my wife (in Chinese because she is Chinese) that they didn't know where the old owners went??? Right. Anyway, the food is not really bad, but it is much more traditional Chinese food instead of the Americanized version most of us are accustomed to. (White Fungus Tofu Soup, Yu Fu, Bitter Melon, etc.) The portions are definitely smaller and the prices are considerably higher. The menu I was given, I hope, is just a transitional menu and the real ones are at the printers as we speak. I say this because there are no appetizers like egg rolls, won ton soup, etc at all on the menu I saw. Also there are no combination plates or lunch specials that I could see. The old restaurant had a better selection, lower prices and bigger portions yet still could not make it. I feel certain these guys won't be around for very long either. I doubt we will return.
Ever since they left their old location on 19th and Dunlap I been looking for a place to go for Chinese Food. Now thanks heaven there back. The food tasted just like the old days, including the Crystal Shrimp.
When I was told to visit Silver Dragon because it was traditional Hong Kong Style Chinese food I was excited because there is a lack of authentic Chinese food in Phoenix.  The minute we walked in and majority of the patrons were speaking Cantonese, I knew it would be good!  Then when the wait staff presented me with an Asian menu in addition to the regular menu, I knew that I would find traditional authentic dishes I grew up eating.  I found the servings of Crispy chicken and salty duck to be quite substantial, as was the salted fish and chicken fried rice.  The gai lan (Chinese broccoli) was tender and seasoned perfectly Sayers in garlic.  The staff was prompt and friendly.  Many of the authentic dishes incorporate dried scallops which is rare to find because dried scallops are very expensive!  I found my regular Chinese restaurant!
Found a newly opened place between Frys & Filibertos.  
CLEAN. Nice Staff. Really Clean. Family owned.

The lunch specials are generous and when I said EXTRA Spicy the server actually believed me so I was happy.  Vegetables were all fresh and cooked with respect (nothing mushy).  

$10 got me lunch, drink & tip so I'll put this place in my work-lunch want to go out but only have an hour Rotation!
Yay Silver Dragon is back!  Our family used to go back when it was on 19th avenue and Dunlap.  There is no other place I got to for wonton noodle soup.  Never order off the American menu (if they have one).  Go and ask for a bowl of wontons.  You can get them with noodle or without.  They are heavenly.  Skip the fried potstickers (they taste a little like the ones you get at Costco).  This is homestyle Chinese food.  The décor and ambiance is zero.  The service is friendly enough but brisk.  You are eating in what looks like an old Wendy's after all.  The braised dishes and vegetables are outstanding.  The fried rice not so much.  Chicken will be served Asian style, cold and hacked to pieces so beware of bones.  Take out is super fast and is ready by the time I'm there.  (Better ambiance at home anyway).  But yes, get the wontons, you won't regret it!  PS you know it's good when every time I've been in, there are actual real, live, multi-generational Asian families pointed their chopsticks at each other.  This is how you know it's the real deal.  Bonus: it is really reasonably priced.
Tonight was our first time here at this new restaurant. We ordered:

~Napa sautéed with dried shrimp
~Hot & Spicy Pork Intestine & Sliced fish in Clay Pot
~Smoked duck
~Whole red snapper in chef's special hot sauce
~Chinese eggplant in garlic sauce
~Szechuan style bean curd (with minced beef)
~Chunk of chicken in spicy sauce
~Minced pork with translucent noodle

Fair warning: this is NOT an oil-free meal. Most of the dishes we ordered were soaked in chili oil, but that is Szechuan cuisine.

All the dishes were great, but my favorites were the napa, smoked duck, egg plant, and translucent noodle.

The red snapper dish is actual tilapia. 

Overall, great place for authentic Szechuan cuisine!
Food here was good. Really can not complain. But it was a little pricey for chinese food in my opinion. Especially because the portions were kinda small. 

Service was ok. If you could get their attention they were very friendly and helpful. The problem there lies in getting their attention. There were only two tables when I was there (ours and one other), yet it still took for ever to get someone to look our way. They seemed to be always preoccupied either staring back into the kitchen or just staring out the window.

Overall it was still ok. Decent food.
Food is good , but price is on the high side in my opinion . I would go back more if price is little cheaper !