I read somewhere that Vegas is one of the top 10 cities in the world to experience fine dining, and I truly believe it is.  Fleur de Lys is a great place to dine if you want wonderful French cuisine accompanied by romantic yet low key ambiance.  The tasting menu comes in three, four, or five courses, depending on if you want to add dessert and cheese.  Although it may not sound like a lot, three courses (appetizer, seafood dish, and meat dish) was VERY filling.  My bf and I originally had wanted to go for the five courses, but by the end of the third and half way through the fourth, I was ready to explode.  The wine pairings were excellent choices, so if you're into wine, I'd recommend doing that.  The only thing holding me back from giving this place five stars was our slightly forgetful waiter.  He would forget to serve us our wine and often forget to explain what the dishes were.  There was a UFC fight that night, so he might have been a little distracted.  Other than that, everything else was pretty delightful.
Yet another vegas disappointment.  

I went here with my fiance and a few close friends last year for our engagement party.  We each ordered the four course prix fixe menu and were very disappointed.  

The service was slow and the waitstaff knew nothing about the food they were serving us.   I think the only person there that even has the slightest idea as to what he's doing is the sommelier.
Can't beat the beet symphony!  That's what my bf got while I had the chocolate one.  SO yummy!  The squab was okay, kinda heavy with foie gras stuffed inside.  The service was impeccable, except for the 12 year-old-lookin bread boy who came to our table practically beggin us to take some bread.  "Please sir...take my baguette!"
I visited Fleur de Lys for my birthday this summer.  I had the BEST dining experience ever!  I went to Aureole the year before for my birthday - and hands down, Fleur de Lys was the better of the two.

My boyfriend and I live in Chicago - so when he called ahead, he made sure to tell them how much we miss foie gras - and we really appreciated all of the personalized touches the staff went out of their way to provide - my birthday dessert was divine.

The sommelier was fantastic, our server was so friendly and definitely knew her cuisine.  The food was absolutely phenomenal.  I really appreciate places where the staff is friendly and personable and not too formal, but still very attentive to detail.  Perfect balance of great service without stiffness.  The chef was gracious, introducing himself to every table but not puffing his own ego.  We really appreciated the kitchen tour - it is a beautiful space.

All in all, Fleur de Lys is my top choice in Vegas, and I hope I can go back before my next birthday.
ok now. good lord. talk about a nice place. 

ive noticed i dont seem to review high end restaurants too nicely. i tend to be very critical of every last detail from the flaps of the toilet paper being folded up, to my napkin being replaced properly every time i leave the table. its not that im a prick and demand the world revolves around my every whim, i just expect when you pay out your ass, some fucker better be kissing it and asking if the temperature and texture of their lips are to my liking. i kid i kid. i actually hate kiss ass waitstaff. i just have two requirements for a good waiter. one, know what they are doing, aka know food. this one time at lark creek steak, i asked our waiter, * is this mirco arugula?*  he had that look like.... wtf is micro arugula. he had to go back to find out. ehhhh i can understand, newbie and all. second requirement, dont be an ass. the host and waiter are the first impressions of the restaurant for me. if either or both blows it there goes the meal. 

so this last time around in vegas a buddy of mines comped us our rooms so i thought i should at least buy a nice dinner for everyone. the four of us found ourselves at fleur de lys in mandaly bay on sat night. how swanky. upon entering, im like wow, this is soo not my scene. except for the waitstaff, not a single diner was close to our age. ehh thats alright. 

we were seated in the tiny *bar area* if you can even call it that for a quick minute. it was cramped. good thing we were seated at our table quickly. 

the dining area is awesome. beautiful. the shape of the restaurant is a bit odd, but then again, the fact that i forgot we were inside a casino  goes to show how well they designed this place. very simple, yet oh so elegant. low key but badass. very much my style. not gaudy at all, a nice simple hotness about the place. 

our waiter was great. laughed with us, answered everything properly. at first he was more mmmm, proper and was a bit rigid, but showing signs of someone who knows how to work it in the hospitality business, he adjusted and became more loose and that in turn made us feel more welcomed. i wish more waitstaff folks could understand that... or probably more accurately care enough and do their job well enough to make their guests happy. 

the food was outstanding. every bite was better than the next. my roasted squab just melted in my mouth. it was FANFUCKINGTASTIC. i can easily say this was probably one of my top 20 favorite meals of all time. 

but i must stress this again, the folks working here make the place. the staff here makes you feel truly welcome..... and only then can you really have a very pleasant dining experience.
So, I love the look of the place.  Um, that is all you need to know.  Food was just barely there, service was worse.  If I get a dish that has a side of ravioli, I hope the ravioli is not out of a box of wonton wrappers.  And if it is wonton wrappers, please take the time to cook them.  I trust if the chef is there I would have had a better experience.  Sorry Vegas, but this review is not staying in town.
Fleur de Lys is your typical LV restaurant...extremely glitzy and huge on the fan fare, but little or no substance.  The dcor is without a doubt very luring and seductive to be matched with the friendly staff.  The level of service is very impressive from the hostess, bartenders, and waiters.  When it comes to food, their appetizers were wonderful and the menu has a wide array of selection.  However, when it comes to the main course, it leaves you a little disappointed.  It's typical sin city, they sucker you in with bright lights and excitement but as you are leaving, you feel a little like a sucker.  If you hit it big at the tables and money is now no object, than Fleur de Lys is the place for you.
WOW!!!! 
I do love french food, I will preface this review by at least admitting to that. 
OK, this is such an amazing experience. The flower wall is amazing, the fois grois cappuccino is something to be savored and remembered. The plates are individual to the restaurant and are exquisite. Everything was so great, my only and I mean only thing I could say is that I would recommend either drinking lots of wine, or ordering less courses because it really is a very very long dinner, which can be a great romantic thing if you know your in for three hours!! Bon Appetite!
Great interior that is cozy yet stylish.  The staff is top notch.  They are very attentive, had an easy, casual-friendly attitude, and had a good sense of humor.  They made good menu suggestions as well.

The garlic escargot with parmesan gnocchi were superb.  My scallop entree was cooked perfectly.  For dessert, I had the best sorbet in my life.  The basil was by far the most refreshing and flavorful.  The other flavors included raspberry, black cherry and mango.  What a great combination.  

Oh, and the bathroom was fantastic!  Very well appointed, and a warm decor.  I went twice I was so impressed.
BEST MOJITO I've ever had!!!  

On the opposite end of the spectrum, and still in Mandalay Bay, Eye Candy - the most godawful mojito I've ever had.  Took 2 sips of this $16 drink and called it a night.  (I usually suck them up like a brand new Hoover on a shag rug!)

To be continued....
Fancy and expensive. I enjoyed the cuisine but not the tab. The experience was appreciated; service was up to par.

It's a great restaurant if you want to pay the price for foie gras & sparkling water.
Yes, it is pricey, but you get what you pay for!

I had the vegetarian prix fixe menu.  Put it this way, I was having food orgasms throughout the whole dinner!  The presentation, the amalgamation of flavors and textures are just insanely surreal.  This chef knows food, and it is truly executed through the dishes.

My carnivorous friends enjoyed all the meat and seafood dishes.  



Desserts were scrum-dilly-umptious as well!

And if the food wasn't enough, the service is just as stellar.  I swear they had a million servers waiting on you hand and foot.  There was the main gal who took our order, the sommelier, the staff who changed our dishes and silverware, the ones who maintained our beverages.  Not once did we re-pour our glasses of wine, or water.  And check this, an attendant to wipe up in the bathroom after each person who comes in.  

This is dining to the 9.  The place was beautiful!  Shades of browns from light to dark are the color schemes of the joint.  Textured walls that look  like stones surround the restaurant.  We were seated in a separated area where we were secluded from the restaurant.  The curtains blocked off the main dining area, so it felt like we had our own private room.

I wish I could eat here on a weekly basis!
Hubert Keller should stick to burgers. While the decor is very nice and the layout is great, the food is blah.

The highlight of my tasting was the peas in the seabass dish. The fish itself was flavorless. Amuse bouche wasn't bad, but everything else was nothing special, and certainly nothing to rave about, both my dishes and hers.

Otherwise, a waste of $400. Glad MGM was footing the bill and not me.
Prepare yourself before going to Fleur de Lys. Are you prepared to drop $400 (for 2) for one of the best meals you might ever have? If so, then this is your place. 

Fleur de Lys is beautiful and romantic, the service is excellent, and the food is amazing. I recommend going with a testing menu. I went with a 4 course tasting menu with wine pairings. Please PLEASE get the wine pairing with your meal. The wines and champagnes were excellent !

I started with some fresh raw kumamoto oysters. They kicked ass and were so fresh. The sauces were also excellent. My boyfriend had the lobster salad and I know he loved it because he ate really slowly to try to savor each bite. This is not at all like him, he's a super fast eater and normally would have polished that salad off in 30 seconds or less. For the second course I had the lobster and my boyfriend had the diver scallops. Both were excellent. For the 3rd course I had the duck breast and my boyfriend had the fillet. The final course was dessert. I had the pistacio souffle and my boyfriend had the chocolate souffle. This was the only strange part of our meal. Every course was small but super flavorful and rich. The desserts were HUGE. The souffles were seriously more food than the previous 3 courses put together. I'm having a hard time complaining that the dessert was too large, but it really was in comparison to the other courses. 

This meal was seriously in my top 3 EVER. If you are in Las Vegas celebrating something, or ready to splurge do not miss Fleur de Lys.
Yes, it is expensive.
But, if you have the money to spend, this would definitely be a great place to spend it.  There are so many other restaurants that are simply PRICY but disappointing, and this place definitely exceeded my expectations.

The prix fixe tasting menu is fantastic (generous portions) and the wine pairing is a reasonable price (the sommelier pours generously!)  

I absolutely love the generous amount of black truffles with the filet mignon entree.  Some places add expensive ingredients for the sake of doing so, but for the truffles really complemented the filet.  We added foie gras on top of the filet and the taste of the foie gras penetrated the beef, making the meat even more flavorful and delicious.  It was perfectly seasoned.  The foie gras was delicious too.

The scallops were absolutely the best we'd ever had.  It was done perfectly.  Some places over cook scallops which makes it dry and chewy; this was seared perfectly on the outside, with enough bite, but not overly done, so that the inside stays moist, and the scallop stays plump and tender.  It was seasoned perfectly as well.  

The short ribs are a bit too salty and although it was really tender and juicy, it did not wow me.  

The entire plate of chocolate desserts - chocolate tart, chocolate sorbet, etc. was chocolate OVERKILL.  I LOVE chocolate, but for some reason, this dessert really was a bit overwhelming for me.

Our favorite dessert was the mini macaroons they brought out w/ coffee.
Great food and reasonably priced. It's Vegas so everything comes off as plastic-y but the food was great as was the service... hold for the sommelier who was just a pompous ass. Other than that the only downside was the dessert I chose... basically like 5 chocolates on a plate. No bueno.
I've eaten at fdl 3 times in the last year and half, eaten at  burger bar 6 times and fdl hq in sf 2 times....over all very good !  
as to fdl in lv - it's the kind of place to enjoy if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the vegas scene that is only a few steps away ...although...i gotta admit...my last visit to fdl which was a late seating...our party of 6 could hear some music thumping...not sure which venue nearby was the cause...but it surprised me...i agree with some of the other reviewers that the desserts are not up to par, and my last visit, the service was also lacking ( they explained that they were short staffed...it looked like they were..in return...they did waive the corkage...and gave us a round of drinks too...very nice ! )
highlight included a sea bass dish, the rib eye...very good....SO had a silky smooth, yet generous chunks of lobster in a bisque and of course, the foie gras...gotta have foie gras !!!
and a nice touch - getting the flowers off the wall "art" ...it holds individual flowers that can be removed and given to the patrons...cool...the chicks dig that !!
i got major brownie points with the group when i brought a bottle of wine that was given to me as a gift 6 years before, the sommelier decanted and i asked that he have a glass with us...he gave us a corny review ( hint of black cherry, currant..blah blah blah ) when asked what the bottle cost on their wine list ...he said it would be $800-$900 !!!  are you shittin' me !!!  crazy !!  

i gotta admit...i like fleur de lys and recommend over Aureole if you are looking for a high-end meal at mandalay ...but my fav at mandalay is still BURGER BAR !!
First year wedding anniversary in Vegas.  Hmmm, where do we celebrate to call the first year in? 

Hubby: "Why go to Fleur de Lys in Vegas when we pass this restaurant everyday on our way home?"

Me: "Because I want to stick to what I know." 

Five minutes later, we are seating in this darkly-lit modern space.  Chocolate drapes.  60 Foot ceiling. We were seated in one of their enclosed dining spaces - with large drapes covering us from the rest of the dining area.  Super exclusive, super shala. 

For appetizers hubby orders the Chilled Maine Lobster salad with watermelon granite, balsamic oil reduction, and vanilla oil. He decides on the prix fixe and orders the Roasted Lobster (I know, lobster, yet again) with carrot puree, pea shoot salad, mint oil, curry orange juice.  He also gets the Fillet Mignon with Oxtail Tortellini.  You know I was eating off of his plate - everything was excellent. Just absolutely excellent. 

I had the pan-seared halibut with shaved black truffle crust.  It was super good (but not as good as his lobster or fillet mignon).  

And here's the kicker - the chocolate souffle was absolutely awesome.  Is is probably what I was ask the jail wardens to serve me if I were to be executed tomorrow. 

The wine was excellent - and the service is top notch. This was probably one of the top dining experiences in my life.
My wife and I went to the one in SF before and Hubert Keller has definitely created a whole new experience in Vegas.  The place is very contemporary and elegant. We were seated in one of the private cabanas so we have complete privacy.  The staff was very friendly and relaxed.  The food is absolutely top notch and very innovative.  We were amazed of the ingredients used and how complex the taste of each dish was.  On top of that, we definitely had the propensity to take pictures of each dish because they were all beautifully presented (even the plate itself).  

Highly recommend: Onion and black truffle soup, Poached lobster, Banana split, and the Rib-eye steak.
We didn't get as far as eating there.  When we still hadn't been seated 40 minutes after our reservation time, we left.  I know restaurants get behind, but this place handled the situation poorly.  Unacceptable for a restaurant of this supposed caliber.

We arrived for our 8:30 reservation at 8:10.  We were told specifically that "we're seating on time tonight" and then directed to wait in the lounge.  It was almost 20 minutes before lounge staff offered us drinks (we know it was this long because we were debating whether to order drinks in the bar, as we were now at our reservation time).  

Anway, we ordered drinks.  And sat there for another 30 minutes.  During this time, not once did the front desk check in with us, let alone apologize or offer us something while we waited.  A  "hi, sorry to keep you waiting" in this situation is customary, doing a little something more would have been nice (bread?  ask if I want more champagne?). 

At 9pm, I went to the desk and inquired.  I was told, rather coldly, that it should be 5-10 more minutes.

After this, we requested our bar tab.  The waitress (who had also ignored us after she brought our first round of drinks some 30 minutes ago) had to ask us what we had again.  There was a problem with our bar bill too but I won't go into it.  At that point, we just wanted to get to our table.

Alas, when 9:10 came and we still hadn't been seated, we informed the front desk we were leaving.  Even if we had been seated at that point, we wouldn't have felt good about dropping big bucks for dinner there.  

In leaving, we did finally get an apology and a song and dance about others being late for their reservations and the tables turning slowly, blah, blah, blah.  Whatever, I get that.  But handle the sitaution better -- turn late arrivals away or tell them that because they were late, they can't linger over dessert; don't tell us that you're "seating on time;" and finally, acknowledge and be nice to people who are waiting because you're running behind schedule.  

We went across the hall to Lupo, where we were treated with common courtesy, something that is lacking at Fleur de Lys.
Must get the tasting menu w/ the kobe burger add-on (+30). The Kobe Beef Burger w/ Black Truffle & Foie Gras is an artery clogger, and is literally to die for. That dish is unforgettable. Great service.

Decor: Elegant with tables w/ drawn curtains for privacy.
Worth every penny.  The service was great and the food was even better. Non pretentious and very relaxing.  Our server was very friendly and took great care of us.   The waiters also did a great job explaining each of our dishes.  Although we didn't have much interaction with our Sommlier he was courteous as well.

The food is exactly what you expect from fine dining.  The timing of the food was superb.  The wait between dishes was neither to long nor to short.  The presentation of the food was beautiful but more importantly everything tasted great!

The pricing is what you expect at an upscale place but its still worth it.  I got the 4 course meal and shared a bottle of wine and ended up paying $180.  It was all worth it though.  Don't come here being in a rush.  Dinner is relaxing and is about 2- 2.5 hours.
I've had the pleasure to dine at both restaurants and I would say I prefer the Vegas version to the SF.  The SF experience is too gaudy and old money, where as Vegas Fleur is more modern and less pretentious.  The food was not the greatest but still really good.  We were there for the experience as we were celebrating our anniversary and overall we enjoyed ourselves.  Our server was nice, attentive, and genuine.  The ambiance was sexy-romantic-mood-enhancing perfect.
We made a reservation before we left for Vegas.  I made the reservation online and they required a credit card to hold it, which I found pretentious.  They also were going to charge $50 bucks if I didn't show for the reservation.  Weird.
Once we got there, we were very happy.  Comfortable and elegant atmosphere.  Friendly service and great timing.
We both started with the sweet onion soup with duck ragout and black truffle.  YUMMMYYYY!!!  Best thing we had. 
I had the lobster with was tough and so rich I couldn't finish.  My husband had the monkfish which was delicious.  Then I finished with venison while he had the filet.  Then we both finished up with souffles (chocolate and pistachio respectively).
The food was amazing and I was STUFFED.  The sommalier (or however you spell it!) was great and knew exactly what we were looking for. 
By the time the amuse dessert came out I couldn't even touch it!  They sent it home with us for a late night snack.  Overall I thought that the prices were fairly reasonable for the quality and considering you ARE in Mandalay Bay.
Highly recommended!
Extremely elegant and expensive restaurant.  A very quiet and romantic atmosphere with very attentive, albeit slow, service.

Everything on the menu was fantastic as was the wine selection.  If you're not from Vegas, this is a great spot to get away from all the noise and craziness that is Vegas.
This is where my fiance proposed!!! But before he proposed it felt like we had an 8 course meal! We just wanted it to stop! We were getting complimentary dishes from the chef, which was wonderful but we were dying by the 4th plate. The food was good but not the greatest. However, we both did have two unforgettable dishes: the Halibut and the Filet Mignon. The best we have had. Dessert: I had the banana split which they made look really fancy and fun! 

This is a really elegant restaurant and the service was impeccable. The funny part was that they did not know that my fiance was proposing so they accidentally interrupted with dessert! But they were really sweet after the proposal and that is why I love them!
we only went for a snack and cocktails, both of which were subpar. the cheese plate was well-presented, but the cheeses were lacking either in distinctive flavour or were simply inedible. the service was average for a busy night at a bar/lounge, though we were the only couple present. though we were happy to find quiet lounge with reasonable portions, the pricing and mediocrity of the food and service remained too authentically vegas.
Went there 2 times and can now say it's definitely one of the better restaurants within that price range in vegas.  It's not cheap but it's not as ridiculous as say Mix or Alex at Wynn.  You have a choice of either 3, 4 or 5 courses that you can pick from the menu.  The froe gras is wonderful, the optional kobe beef fillet is soo yummy and their lobster is butter-poarched and tasty as hell.  And they definitely have one of the best souffle I have had.  The place is cozy, romantic and the servers are very attentive.  Highly recommended.
Looks like the hippest place in Mandalay Bay.  It may be.

The service was curt (which I suppose is understandable considering the clientele) and the menu extremely limited.

I will never forgot, however, the worst cheese I've ever encountered.  I love sharp, pungent cheeses.  If there isn't some mold on it, it's not ready yet.  I can even hold my breath, when necessary, to deaden the odor of decay.  But whatever that stuff was should come with a bloody warning and require me sign a waiver of liability.
after an eight hour drive, of sleeping and dining at fast food places, we arrived in vegas, and let's just say im not feeling like i should be dressing to impress, instead im in my jeans and a sweater ... and ready to dine here! 

we were definitely under dressed. the decor made me uneasy about our choice, as we walked in, people are in classy clothes, and sipping wine. Luckily the restaurant knew they wanted our business but not for us to be seen, so we got a table in its own room, curtains from above covered our table and ourselves. hooray! i feel much better about my superficial looks. then i look at the table, and this is one of the nicest table setting i've seen. the plates are gorgeous! they are of flowers, not of bold colors, but of a neutral, pastel color, more easy on the eye, and definitely felt a little sad. 

the entire theme for the courses seemed to be of bugs, where the plates were dressed to resemble a bug. some palate cleansers had leaves for ears, indicating it was bug, etc. one dish that stands out was the brioche, there were 3 little pots, and out spurted brioche! they were so delightfully fluffy, and it just melted in your mouth as you ate it. *heaven*. the food left a good impression, though i cant remember what we enjoyed, it was one of the best dinner i had, and definitely an experience that i would love to share with others!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday a week and a half ago after we'd just driven in from LA. Let me just say how delicious the meal was. I would have given it 5 stars, only the dessert was just good, not "wow"ing. Everything else however was incredible. 

My high recommendations: lobster salad, salmon entree (like butta! and as fresh tasting as I have ever had) and the braised beef. Opt for the wine pairings as the sommelier did a fantastic job with each entree. He even wrote down a list of the wines we had, which was very much appreciated. Their wine list is expansive and a bit overwhelming (in a good way).  Also, the service was impeccable - the wait staff were friendly and very attentive. 

I plan on returning to this restaurant the next time I'm in town. Perhaps I'll see about what it would take to dine at their Master Table in the 12,000 bottle cellar on the 2nd floor which overlooks the main restaurant through an expansive glass panel.
It isn't every day I get to eat a fine cuisine, in a class beyond my own, but this dim, subtle ambianced five star restaurant was quaint and inviting.  Maybe it helped that we walked by to make reservations so we new it was a classy spot.  We got seated in our own little private table surrounded by plush curtains, while waited on constantly- lol I don't know what we did to get this humble little space, but it was sweet.  We had many servers at the end of the night we weren't sure who would be coming by to assist us.  All very friendly and informative.
     I ordered the summer prix fix, which included the veal ravioli... taste(this was the appetizer), and the braised beef which was beyond tender served with mini carrots and string beans, and some sort of potato puree', with a wine reduction sauce over the beef.  I say no more!
     OMG............  could it get any better.  There was 3 of us and we all ordered something different to trigger our pallets.   we tasted, tasted then  passed.... you get my point...?  
     Then it was dessert time, I couldn't tell you now all three on my plate, but it ALL involved  decadent  "CHOCOLATE"!  I LOVE chocolate, and a dab of mocha ice cream-  it was heavenly!
     Another dessert was the raspberry souffle- that was taste, but the chocolate was even tastier!!
     This fabulous French cuisine was a night to remember.
If you have the time and more so the denero's take some time out of your feening habits of all the Vegas entertainment and try it out!  
     Oh ya, and have lots of room for conversation, cause its FINE dining Baby!

    I can't wait to try there SF, CA location since it is much closer to my home town.
Having eaten there twice, I think the rating will depend greatly on what you order. I've eaten at FDL in San Fran once, and the vegas location is much more modern and subtle in ambiance. I was there in May for the summer prix fixe menu which was an underwhelming experience in fine dining standards. Pompous service, some of the food didn't live up to the price and generally it was just trying too hard to be as fancy as possible.

Took my Mom there on my most recent visit and it was a truly excellent dinner. I think the 4 stars is an average of my experiences. The best things I ate there were the onion soup with duck ragout (amazing), lobster salad, and colorado lamb loin. The food is very modern with a classical french twist.

My only complaint would be the pretentiousness of the wait staff. I prefer a personal touch with waiter service and it just doesn't exist here. Both times I went there are 4 or 5 people serving you throughout the meal in an unorganized fashion. Although the service was prompt I found it invasive at times and severely lacking any personality, like they just say the same exact things to every table. Even with that said it was a great experience and I'll dine there again, especially for dropping less than $200 which is not bad at all when you consider vegas and fine dining.
Normally, a fancy restaurant like this would be out of my price range, but thanks to Restaurant Week in Vegas by Three Square, I was able to enjoy a meal here.   The two of us ordered from the prix fixe menu while the third ordered from their regular menu bc she wanted steak. For the appetizer, I had the Potato Veal Ravioli.  I hope the original appetizer, which normally costs $23, comes in a larger portion than what i got bc my dish came with five little raviolis.  However, I have to say that they were damn good.  My friend had the Truffled Onion Soup, which was nicely presented.  It had a creamy texture to it (but not too rich); our only complaint was that it came lukewarm.  For our main dish, I had the Braised Beef Short Ribs, which came boneless and packed into a rectanglular shape.  Though it looked somewhat small, it was actually very filling as the meat was densely packed together.  It came with crunchy shredded leeks on top and cooked leeks on the bottom - delicious!  My friend had the Alaskan King Salmon, which was only slightly cooked, so it was nearly raw.  I wasn't a fan of the dish, but my friend enjoyed it.  I thought the portions were good as it came with two sizeable pieces of fish.  My third friend ended up ordering a $60 steak (rib eye), which was mouthwatering good, even without ketchup.  It came with a little metal pot of one of the best creamy mashed potatoes I've had in a restaurant.  For dessert, there was only one item listed, which was the Chocolate Tasting.  I thought it would be tiny, but it came with three different types of chocolate desserts.  We barely finished our two orders, and I was completely stuffed by the end of the meal.  Everything was well prepared, and I liked that the waiter would describe what was in every dish that was brought to us.  I usually dislike French restaurants, partly bc of the small portions, but I enjoyed Fleur de Lys with their normal-sized portions and pretty presentation.  Oh, a bread boy also comes around with a tray of breads to choose from - the French Baguette was my favorite, but I also like the Sourdough and Pretzel.  Don't be shy - you can ask for more than one piece!  Yum - this was definitely one of my better dining experiences in Vegas!
I can't say how or why but we were able to eat here for free.  100% on the house, well, excluding the tip of course. Even if we would have had to pay the $450 price tag for our extraordinary meal I think I would give a 5 star review. Honestly, I have never has such an amazing meal in my entire life and I have had some pretty incredible meals. 
Chef Keller arranged a special menu for my husband and me. We had no idea what we'd be eating that evening which I think is so much fun. We let Chef Keller have full creative control. We were treated to an 6 (or was it 8?) course meal which included wine pairing with each course.  Each bite was indescribably delicious.  Some of the wines we drank were not very expensive, maybe $20 or $30 a bottle but pared with the Foie Gras it tasted like a million dollars. Our meal lasted nearly three hours and it was most certainly the meal of a life time for us, a treat we will never forget.
Fleur de Lys clearly honors its San Francisco tradition! The room itself is incredibly beautiful, soft and romantic - an eye catcher that welcomes you the minute you enter. Reservations were honored promptly, on a busy Friday evening, and we loved the personable bar tendress we met when we arrived early and had a cocktail before being seated. Our meal itself was outstanding, with beautifully presented dishes, prepared to tasty perfection. The Jubilee of Hierloom Tomatoes burst with a variety of wonderful textures, scents and tastes and my Truffled Halibut was incredible, as were the deserts and items offered "with the compliments of the chef." Wine parings were smart and good. We did have one disappointment, however, that makes us believe it must be difficult to find good wait staff in las Vegas. The service WAS very good and the meal paced reasonably well, but so many different people showed up at our table that we actually never knew which one was our waiter. Each person described our dishes, when presented, but they never made eye contact and stood at attention robotically reciting memorized lists. We wondered if they even knew what a "reduction" meant and we actually laughed at the "this on top of this, underneath that" wording that made it sound like we were on an archeological dig. Such a fine resturaunt should have personable servers, who engage their diners. I suppose you can train the staff, as Fleur de Lys clearly does, but can not as easily teach them to have a personality. It was the only thing missing from an otherwise "5 star" experience.
Food, had much better, much much better.  Service, it's awful.  The staff here was rude and obnoxious.  I was so disappointed by our visit here.  I usually will give places a second chance fearing that maybe I just had a one off bad experience....  Not here, once was enough.
http://www.edternet.com/unclefishbits/2008/12/05/fleur-de-lys-aaaaaannnndyelp-does-not-like-long-reviews-apparently-neither-do-you/

go here for the unabridged version without updates.

this is without doubt the longest, and possibly thoughtful, review I have put together.
-----------------------------------------------
But here you go..... My Fleur De Lys review that was far far too long to fit in yelp.

It's 5.45am. About to land face down on the deck.. but these thoughts should go here before they leave to nowhere.

My first thought is the music, and I am simply waxing here. I DJ, and I live in SF. A tight knit community, sometimes you hear some of your friend's tracks here and there, but I am always astonished to hear Lorin out and about. He is such a mild mannered, thoughtful, fun guy.... And so normal. So when I am at Post Ranch and he comes on Muzak, or I am at a restaurant like Fleur... I sort of have to sit on my hands and bite my lip because I FREAK out. I love hearing Bassnectar.... Love it. And to hear it randomly like that always gives me the oozing joy that our community has been worthwhile and pervasive.

However, the track was an outro downtempo sparkly mellow glitch thing, and it was in conjunction with a number of other ambient/downtempo tracks. I have a residency where I DJ downtempo, and note I have moved from it in the last years to traditional funk, soul breaks, and even afrobeat and hip hop... because somewhere along the line this new and cutting edge filter of music turned into the new elevator sound.... Inoffensive, non tactile sounds of wallpaper and background noise. It is sad to me that some innovative and interesting sounds of a decade ago now seem like the new Yanni or wavy jazz like Kenny G. Electronic music is simply a filter of other genres, so I guess we are filtering AM gold and 103.7 KKSF through electronica now.

So downtempo producers.... Get on it. It's boring now. Like the review... moving on.

This is not a small ticket meal, nor is this an every month (let alone two fiscal quarters) event. A gentle blog about this sort of experience hardly does it justice, as well as does not help to dampen the sticker shock.

I have heard this about the SF location... that the price is simply outrageous, and however good the food is, it cannot be justified. I would completely agree, and do.... But we found the chefs tasting menu at $94 for 6 courses to be friendly, albeit that included amuse bouche and petit fours.

You will be paying nearly $200 a head. I have said time and time again... if you walk out of a meal concerned in *any* way about the bill, there is something wrong with the event overall. This teetered precariously on the brink of this sort of experience.... The cost had me slipping off the cliff with one foot's panicked shuffling grasping onto the crumbling hillside. My lovely date, however, always seems to calm my fumbling at the brink. So it is that I walk out of this meal as satisfied as I have been in years, with a $9 Double Espresso stuck in my craw, and an uninspired cheese plate. Other than that..... a phenomenal experience.

The space was fantastic. 60 foot ceilings with surprisingly well conceived lighting, and elegant drapes floor to ceiling that could easily be negotiated and altered to open or close spaces. There is a private banquet/booth area that seems very cozy, and was assumedly for people like us that prefer not to be seen due to the problem this causes... when people see us it turns into a zoo and photos and all that. It is embarrassing, and normal people don't want their experience altered simply because people like us are there (this is a joke people). Honestly, they must be reserved for the fame and glorious, because the bride and groom that were sat by the door had a less romantic table than us, so they must be something special. If you reserve, ask for it because it would be a phenomenal private and sexy affair. The only thing we noted at the end of the meal is how frustrating it is, and has been for me in the past, designing around the bulky, ugly coding requirements. The bleating red exit sign  1/2 way up the wall was aesthetically nightmarish, yet sadly required.

Speaking of coding:

From a hotel design perspective, something did bother me, and this is more for the management than the reader.... Subtle difficulties arise when trying to pair the experience with a slight lack of awareness... such as the two completely different handles on the bathroom door. Both are relevant to fire code sure, but you have two doors less than a couple feet apart (both in the same field of vision); one with a Toledo style handle that is a  1/2", one with a grenada style at 1". This is silly stuff so that fire hoses don't get caught, and frankly in this area I would be surprised if coding suggested you needed  1/2'. Whatever the case... MAKE IT CONSISTENT. (the rest when I can update it)
I've always had a great time here.   

Well prepared food and great service.

If you are lucky enough to score one of the cabanas, you can have a wonderfully romantic meal here.   

Not too expensive by vegas standards.
The problem is at this level, with such high end service and flawless food, there is room for people to become aware of errors. Your attention to detail has to be that much more intense In this case, it wasn't. Having helped to design and build hotels, maybe it was just me.

Service is... slightly green. You could tell these employees had been trained in fine dining tableside service style, however were just as interested in becoming buddies and being quite real. This made for a better experience in my mind, because the service was consummate while any slight errors were made up for by a friendly, earnest staff. However, you could note inconsistencies between tables as they would shoot us a smile in regards to an awkward experience with guests at another table. As much as I like being the in table, it does mark for inconsistency. However, they worked incredibly well together, and we always felt attended to, without being doted on. Another aspect of service I really enjoyed was the backwaiting and support each server got. We never were quite sure who are main server was, and it absolutely did not matter.

Our sommelier was hiding a slight Wyoming country drawl with knowledgeable and deft knowledge on the wine list. Opting not to go for the $45,000 dollar bottle, we told her generally what we wanted, at what price range (I suggested that was garish to say, and she said it is impossible to help you without knowing the price... she was a very *real* and enthusiastic wine lover, as compared to a contemptuous wine snob. In the end, she said she was frustrated when people did not offer a range because it is so ambiguous and vague without it). We got a very nice white zin. Haha... no no. A young and sassy Bordeaux. It was a fine and appropriate companion for dinner, but nothing that lingered on the palette.

The pastry chef seemed to be an experimenter. The petit four were interesting, such as the pear marshmallow, but I didn't feel the bread service was refined... too many choices without any one stand out loaf. The pretzel roll seemed to be a coney island novelty, and I suggest it is whisked away from the menu. It didn't fit.

Our courses were fantastic, and somehow Lauren was able to beat me with her selections each time.

I got the ahi tartare, eponymous starter, so often boring. It was a fantastic take on it, the ahi fresh and flavor incredibly subtle, helped along by a chiffonade or micro julienne of cucumbers. The flavours were so FRESH... incredibly subtle, but coalesced perfectly. Very balanced, and really a stunning reimagining of this boring dish I am nearly hanging up on. If this hadn't been interesting or a new take, I am quite sure I would have been done with Ahi poke style apps for a long time coming. I am already there, had low expectations, and was very pleased.

Lauren's sweet onion soup (with duck ragout and black truffle) was, perhaps, one of the best onion soup creations that I have ever had. The sweetness, earth, and floral aspects (read: the good parts) of the Onion lingered on your palette, while the bitter or astringent aspects melted away.

The second course was phenomenal, and I admit mine might have beat hers out this round, but her overall meal won the match.  She had scallops, which I thought were a bit overcooked.  I had an INCREDIBLE potato veal ravioli dish.... melted in my mouth.

3rd course I had the duck, while Lauren had the filet mignon. The portion sizes for this entrée were incredibly inconsistent... with the filet looking like a mountain of meat, while the duck was minimal and sparse. The presentation of the entire meal was stunning, from china patterns to the way the chefs blended the food onto the plate out of the patterns. It was incredibly well done, and an interesting style of presentation that was playful, symmetrical, and gorgeous. It never ceased in pleasing us, and making us giggle with a little loving, excited hand squeeze. The duck was a little dry, but fine. I am, however, not sure if I have seen a more perfectly cooked filet. It was incredible.

Dessert involved an upcharge off the prix fixe with a cheese plate, as well as a chocolate soufflé with chocolate sauce. The cheese plate I touched on somewhere back in the reams of electronic paper that is this review.... It was uninspired. It might have been that I was very full, but I hardly touched it. I sampled them all, and they were complex and quite good... but generally not as interesting or thoughtful as I hoped.

The problem there is that I *wasn't* hungry, but I was quite capable of throwing back the soufflé in lieu of that. So I would assume that is either a comment on the cheese plate, or more likely a comment on the soufflé.

As for the soufflé?

continued next week!
As for the soufflé?

I know it is just a soufflé. It is simple, and if you haven't tried making one in your own kitchen spend a Sunday afternoon having fun and experimenting. It is a blast, not too hard, and you can do ANYTHING with soufflés. A-N-Y-T-H-I-N-G. Trust me... it is a good time! Go experiment! I made a breakfast cheese and bacon one once. Seriously.... They are easy and can go in every direction.

However this was without question one of the finest soufflés I have ever had. Sometimes the chocolate is so perversely sweet it feels like hershey's, and other times so flavourless it feels like the baker forgot sugar. This was so well balanced, and after a meal like we had, not overtly rich. The sauce brought out enough of the chocolate flavor that the soufflé itself was able to stand alone as a delicious cocoa confection. It also had risen to perfection, and was timed incredibly well. Like... perfectly.

Of course it was at this point the hand press decaf for my lady came out, and my simple double shot of espresso followed..... at $9. I have a contention about that.... The coffee is to buffer the night ahead from this rich and gluttonous meal we had just consumed. It is more of a courtesy to a well rounded dining experience than a necessary or expected aspect of dining. What I am saying is that this should exist for the guest like a well priced wine list, or should be a complimentary aspect of the evening. I don't mind a fair charge for a coffee at the end of the meal, but when you are dropping $400 I am not quite sure a $9 espresso feels fair or gracious. It was actually disappointing that something that petty got us talking about the price of the meal, etc.... and as we walked out of the door it was a simple espresso at the end of the meal that rang in our heads and caused consternation, instead of the entire majestic and astonishing experience that preceded that.

And it is with consternation that I give the entire experience 4 stars.  Simply, I feel it is 3.  Just fine.  But the dining experience is unreal, the food is divine.  The simple fact is that this is one of those "best meals in the world", and you simply shouldn't walk away talking about an overpriced espresso.

3 stars in my heart that I cannot bear to give.  4 will do nicely.
AMAZING! One of the best, most inventive meals I have ever had. After watching Chef Hubert fillet chef-testants on Top Chef, I was intrigued...I came here for a Birthday dinner and Husband and I tried the tasting menu. Pure heaven! The tea smoked diver scallops are divine and the fillet was perhaps one of the best I have ever had. When the waiter asked me if I was pleased, i blurted out, "mmmm...mouth melting meat!" Embarrassing, but true. Desserts were also standout, esp. the basil sorbet. Spendy, but worth it. 

Also, the dark, intimate decor is tres romantique. Great for a special occasion.
Went with a large group , our bill came out to something like $2k but oh
so worth every penny! I loved every thing about it, the service, the decor, ambience, food, everything! I will definitely go back again.
Tal K and I eat here almost every time we come to Vegas.  I know, I know, we live in San Francisco and why not try something new?  Because it still tops my list as one of the best restaurants ever.  I'm happy to announce that the service, the food, and the ambiance matches the quality of the one in SF.  

So, yes, I am super impressed with the vegetarian tasting menu, but I'm even more impressed that they had noted that I'm vegetarian from the last time we ate there and so was handed the vegetarian menu upon arrival.  No awkward questions to see what the chef might be able to prepare for me sans meat.  It was already perfectly planned.  And it was amazing, as it is every time.  Last night, they had a tapioca soup for dessert.  It was very unusual with so many sensations to tease your palate, different sizes of tapioca balls, tangy and tart passion fruit sorbet mixed with fresh fruit.  That's what I call real love, the chef is always creating unique dishes.  I have never been disappointed by the staff or my meal.
One of my favorite dining experiences of all times. We tried the Elegance menu, which consisted four delicious courses: a creamy riff on french onion soup, accompanied by a duck crepe; fried hen egg with sweet breads; filet mignon; and the most delicious trio of desserts I've ever had. The server warned me that the Bailey's ice cream would be one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life, and she was right. It was fantastic.

Since we were there celebrating my bachelorette party, they sent out an extra treat: carrot cake, layered with cream cheese ice cream and a dallop of ginger carrot sorbet. 

I'm flying to SF to try the original Fleur de Lys. It was THAT good.
AMAZING!! Took our friend for a special bachelorette dinner... wanted a place she would always remember, superb food and service. It was all that and more.

We were able to get a cabana for the table -- definitely would recommend it to create a special touch. There are only 4 so make sure to call ahead and make a reservation requesting it.

Service: I was surprised a few Yelpers had curt or rude service, we had the absolute opposite experience. Our server was Missy and there was an entourage of other servers helping that were great. Missy knew how to talk about the food and wine and made us laugh several times.

Food: Melting in your mouth, delicious, creative, soooooo damn good! We each got the pre fixe with wine pairing and it was perfect. The four course meal left us full, buzzed, happy and our taste buds were in heaven! The best part of the meal for me was the steak with truffles and foie gras... (mouth watering as I write this).

Go, go, go!! Spend the money if it's a special occasion, you won't regret it!
Perhaps the finest dining experience I've ever enjoyed.  

I went with 3 friends.  We were fortunate to be seated in one of the private "cabana" booths surrounded by flowing white drapes.  Rather than go for the prix fixe menu, we ordered a la carte and shared salads, 4 apps, 4 entrees and 2 desserts.  

The service was attentive, informative, and fun.  We were fortunate that our waitstaff were personable and truly understood how the food was prepared.  The sommelier was knowledgeable and one of the few I've ever encountered that actually understood what we wanted and then, rather than push wines, brought us the perfect bottles 

The food was outstanding, from presentation to tasting.  With so many different dishes, we tasted everything and truly, each plate was a different degree of wonderful.  I'm not going to attempt to describe each and every dish, but from the beets to the foie gras to the short ribs to the monkfish to the chocolate tasting to the souffle and everything in between, it was all amazing.

Almost 3 hours later, we left the sanctity of the cabana to the main restaurant, and realized that we had experienced something really special. Do yourself a favor and just go...
We had Christmas dinner there when staying at Mandelay.  Food, service, ambiance, were all excellent. A fantastic dining experience indeed.
I've lived in LV for over two years now, and had my share of high end meals.  I took my girlfriend to Fleur de Lys for Valentine's Day and we had a very good experience, one that is as good as most any other high end restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  I wouldn't consider myself a high-end foodie, so for me to discern subtle differences in food quality between one high-end restaurant versus another that both serve comparable food is difficult.  But I can comment on the experience overall.  And in short, except for one particular aspect of Fleur de Lys, I would say that it is pretty standard LV high-end, without much else to necessarily distinguish the restaurant from other high-quality, high-end Vegas dining experiences.

The food, high end French, is pretty standard for LV restaurants in its class - tasty, dainty, and expensive - though I would not say that it's disproportionately better or worse than other comparable restaurants..  When we ate there, the service was very competent and I had no issues.  The restaurant's decor was lovely, but doesn't  necessarily stand out in any way.  The restaurant is conveniently located in the casino, relatively close to access from the taxi stand/parking garage.  

What's special about Fleur de Lys that other restaurants don't have are private cabana style booths which can have translucent curtains drawn.  If you're looking for a romantic, high-end experience, this is a particular trait that I don't know of any other restaurants in LV having.  I would strongly recommend it if this is the kind of experience that you are seeking.  

In business school, I once read an article that suggested that for every business, there really was only one core question that needed to be answered in any marketing research - would you recommend this business to your friends?  As far as Fleur de Lys goes, the answer for me is "yes."
I never thought it would come to this, but I am short on superlatives - a regrettable development considering the meal's grandiosity. Fleur de Lys' Christmas Eve tasting menu epitomizes what Nassim Taleb calls a black swan - to wit, an event that satisfies three conditions: outlier, extreme impact, and retrospective determinism. First, Fleur de Lys in Las Vegas is anomalous insofar as not earning a Michelin star, poignantly displaying Michelin's fallibility. Second, the meal wholly exceeded expectations, both converting me into a Hubert Keller disciple. And third, I could, a posteriori, claim an accumulated clairvoyance when it comes to restaurant selection. As Taleb explains, however, randomness tends to be underestimated vis-a-vis human predictive capacity, even though the latter has proved to be devastatingly inaccurate (insert consequential event here).

When I heard the server describe the amuse as tempura halibut, doubts arose. Why would a kitchen start dinner with fried fish? My a priori quibble disappeared quicker than a Bernie Madoff investment. Eating vinegarish potatoes after the tempura removed its cloying oil. 

First course: Truffled onion soup - black truffle crepe filled with braised duck, julienned black truffles, and red wine onion puree. Rarely can an ingredient subdue an onion's harshness. Well, I found one such rarity: black truffles. Unlike Alizé, which combined truffle oil with Lilliputian bits, Fleur de Lys used comparatively Brobdingnagian stripes.

Second course: Braised veal and potato ravioli, pea foam, veal jus, and mixed vegetables. Whoever reared this calf should know that their care did not go unnoticed. 

Third Course: Guinea hen, green and white asparagus risotto, parmesan foam. Crispy-skinned medallions married harmoniously with the al dente risotto. 

Fourth Course: Butter poached Maine lobster, paprika crème fraîche, spaetzle, sauerkraut, chanterelles. In a vein similar to Alizé's crab and horseradish amalgamation, the paprika crème fraiche poured over the lobster left a pleasant warmth after the lobster's initial sweetness. 

Fifth Course: Venison loin, red cabbage, huckleberries, pomme purée. Lean and strongly flavored, the pan-seared venison valiantly challenged the beef loin. I am still in disbelief that such perfect doneness could be achieved without an immersion circulator. Regarding the pomme pureé, it may be more veracious to rename the accoutrement butter with a touch of potato. For those who bake, the potatoes mirrored a stiff peak.

Sixth course: Beef Tenderloin, seared foie gras, black truffles, spinach, and wild mushrooms

Seventh course: Spiced pumpkin soufflé and cinnamon ice cream.  The mastodonic ramekin brimmed with delicate crust and a moist interior.

The petite fours were delicious, especially the carrot cake.
Great experience!
If you have the money to spend here, go for it! Worth it every single penny!
I wasn't expecting much because I had some mix reviews from some friends but oh boy what a great surprise. Service was excellent, food was awesome the onion soup to die for (best soup I have ever had).
Definitely planning to go again and of course I want to try the San Francisco one.
We have been going to Fleur de Lys for years.  There are so many reasons why we love going here ... the food, the service, the people, the atmosphere, the wine and the cocktails. Jason makes the best drinks!  We really enjoy his pomegranate cosmo.

Tonight we went for dinner and we had a fantastic meal. We arrived early so we could partake in the $59 early evening tasting special. My in-laws are from Boca Raton, Florida ... they were speaking their language. We were lucky to get one of the cabanas and that was perfect with our four-year old. She was delighted to have a place that seemed like it was made just for her and she was an angel of a guest for the evening.  We thank the chef for his special rice that kept her occupied ... was there cat nip in there? Purrr.

We opted for a tasting menu that included the fantastic onion soup with truffles. It is what onion dreams are made of. It is not your traditional onion soup ... it is an updated version that is creamy and delicious. We loved every spoonful. 

And the short ribs were tender and tasty. My father-in-law enjoyed the salmon and it looked beautiful. Every dish is a piece of art. 

For dessert, we had a selection of treats. We had the chocolate souffle along with a mocha shake and a scoop of ice cream.  Yummy! What a great ending to a perfect meal. 

Chef Keller created a fantastic haven in Las Vegas and we can't wait to go back again and again.
I had a valentines dinner there and it was good!  My boyfriend and I are vegetarians (ovo-lacto), and they actually had a vegetarian tasting menu!  We got the wine pairing with it as well, and it was delish.  I would have preferred more reds than whites, but I think maybe I should have told our server that then.  The food was very good, and very good portions.  I was very full by the end of the 3rd course, but managed to find room for dessert! ;)

The food was so so good, and i was blown away by the meal.  The waitstaff was really nice, and cordial.  I would definitely recommend this place! ! :]
we walked in and they were running late on reservations, so we went to the bar in front. the cocktail waitress must've been having a bad night because she definitely wasn't friendly. the bartender also didn't go out of his way to be friendly. you would think in such places service was meant for everyone but you could tell there was preferential treatment - the sad thing is in this day and age it doesn't matter whether you're old or young - everyone coming to that restaurant has the money to afford it so they should be sincere to everyone.

anyway so why am i giving this place 4 stars? well when we got to our table everything changed. our server was great! i wish i remembered his name because i'd def recommend him. we got 4 course meals and as a vegetarian i'm telling you that it was worth it! the truffle soup was amazing!!! the portions were all perfect and by the end i was sooo stuffed that i couldn't finish my dessert but still did because it was so yummy! all the waiters and waitresses we met once we got our table were very nice so we ended up having a great night. at the end they gave us some chocolates to take home and they even looked into places we could go afterwards and their contacts there.  we honestly appreciated every bit of superior service from them. 

other than that the place is beautiful - the long drapes give it a very elegant look and the fresh flowers on the wall really give it that sophistication and beauty. 

so our experience was awesome if you take out the first 45 minutes.
From the moment you walk in and see that giant flower petal decoration on the wall - go up closer, and realize that it is made up of individually vased roses, you are hooked.  We made reservations at the private wine cellar room up at top so we could gaze down on the "commoners" -- just kidding.  This was a special anniversary, and hubby splurged.  We were so very fortunate to have Jack (Captain) wait on us.  He selected our wine, and basically, chose our dinner.  The service and quality of food was worth every $20!  The portions are European - you are not going to get the gargantual servings from a Texas steak house.  Definitely would not bring youngsters or those that are impatient to get back to the craps table.  This is fine dining and they don't rush you out.  Definitely for those very special occasions.
Take everything you know about fleur de lys in SF and toss it out.  it's been vegas-ized here and everything from the decor, menu, service uniforms are completely different from the SF location.

The space is very plush.  There are 30 foot drapes and super-high ceilings and makes you feel like you're in a different world.  The menu is very modern, from sweetbreads to a bone-in ribeye.  I think it's great that the restaurant adjusted themselves to the location and are doing something new.

I had the 4 course menu.  Started with a tuna tartar which was good.  the fish was fresh and didn't have a lingering after taste.  Second course was the quail egg with sweetbreads which were interesting.  It was my first time trying sweetbreads, and while i probably wouldn't order it again, it was ok. Next came the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly and with a nice wine reduction.Finally the desert.  I couldn't actually tell what flavored ice cream it was.  It kinda tasted like a papaya/peach and was overall good.

The service and ambiance was good and so was the food.  Great place to try if you want a nice romantic dinner.  There's so many great places to eat in Vegas and this is definitely on the list.
horrible! crowded. tables are so close you rub elbows. poor service. boring food. ridiculous prices for what they offer. i actually saw a woman in a white dress at the table next to us being served a plate that had the sauce dripping from it (needless to say, her dress was ruined and she wasn't happy, they walked out). the sommelier was nowhere to be found. our food came out before our appetizer. the best experience of the entire evening was the busser, he removed our plates right away...it's a shame our dessert took half an hour to arrive (and no it wasn't even a souffle). horrible!
This being my third meal at the Hubert Keller franchise, I harbored a slight concern that the food might lose some of its allure. Not only did we enjoy superb food, but the service also exceeded all ex ante expectations. 

The beet and goat cheese amuse was a friendly hello from the kitchen. Concentrated droplets of grapefruit and cranberry woke up the palate, and the sweet beet tamed the tartness.

First course: Ahi tuna tartare, fennel salad, ginger ponzu, sesame seed tuile. Starting with the tuna and continuing through the remaining savory courses, Fleur de Lys' breads became sine qua nons, specifically the rosemary-caramelized onion foccacia and the pretzel roll. The lime and vinegar sauce threatened to overpower the dish, but anise and sesame evened out the flavors, ensuring that the tuna's freshness remained the focal interest.

Second course: Veal and Yukon Gold potato ravioli, braised carrots, pea foam. It is a given that veal ravioli, kampachi, and duck are delish. The vegetables, alas, tend to get overlooked at one's peril. Cut carrots into canoe shapes, coat them in veal stock, and you can get anyone to nosh on them ad infinitum.

Third course: Foie gras, raspberry, strawberry, blackberry, Cabernet sauvignon reduction, and brioche. Ok, so maybe I will have to expiate for my two-day foie gras binge, but it is so bloody delicious. Add two butyraceous pieces of brioche and you have a winning - and Lipitor-inducing - combination.

Fourth course: Olive oil poached kampachi, pickled shitakes, tempura scallions, ginger foam. Poaching the kampachi lent a velvety texture. The pickled mushrooms and ginger were piquant. Tempura-coated scallions furtively blended into the ginger foam, detected only by their mountainous batter and the imbricating parlsey.

Fifth course: Duck breast, duck confit, chestnut purée, cipollini onion, duck cracklings, baby bok choy. The bok choy's size relative to the duck is a testament to Keller's reverence for vegetables. In general, an ancillary viand should not detract from the main ingredient. In this case, the bitter crucifer confidently towered over the supine, webbed-footed waddler. The cipollini onion topped with cracklings ought to be available to order by the half-dozen.

Intermezzo: Coconut tapioca soup, kiwi, tempura plantain, strawberry, passion fruit-coconut sorbet. If there is anything I would deem posh boba, this would definitely qualify.

Sixth course: Cappuccino with Bailey's ice cream and a chocolate-banana liquor fondant. I reluctantly passed up the coffee service for fear that caffeine at 8:30 would keep me up too late, yet I could not resist quaffing the iced cappuccino. The warm, lava-like fondant was rich, fit more for a chocolate fiend.

The petite fours and madeleines were as fresh as I remember. With affable service and delicious food, I would not mind dining at Fleur de Lys three more times.
Fleur de Lys  was expensive, but well worth it for a few reasons. 

First, the food was delicious. 

The tempura halibut amuse-bouche was tasty and definitely made me optimistic about the meal to follow. I like that they give you a choice of more breads then i can remember before your meal, including these wonderful little pretzel breads. 

We started out with the ravioli which was rich and very good. My husband originally turned his nose up at my selection,but agreed to try at least a little bite ended up eating more then half of my raviolis!

We both ordered the surf and turf - fillet and lobster with asparagus and mushrooms. The fillet was tender and prepared perfectly medium, the lobster was great. Normally I kind of forget about what was served with my surf and turf but I really liked the asparagus and mushrooms too. They were prepared well, not mushy and seasoned well. We ordered the chocolate souffle which was also perfect and there wasn't a crumb left.  Portions were generally small but I expected that at a French restaurant and we didn't leave starving. 

The drink menu was very interesting. I love that a $$$$ restaurant had a cocktail with Pop Rocks on it's drink menu, which was great by the way. They also had an absinthe menu which I was completely stunned to see... more on that later. 

Second, the restaurant is beautiful and very romantic. It's a modern space with high ceilings but warm and plush and not sterile feeling.  I don't like it so dim that I can't see my food and thankfully that was not a problem here. 

Finally, the service was spectacular. Our waiter and most of the staff that helped us were fairly young and completely down to earth but knew what they were doing. There wasn't a finished plate on our table for more then a minute, never an empty glass. 

Our waiter was competent but very friendly. I wish I could remember his name! He answered all my questions politely.  I've been wanting to try Absinthe for a while but really had no idea how to order it. I asked him about the Absinthe and he explained to us the differences between them and recommended we try it as an after dinner drink. 

We went with the St. George absinthe mostly because we've toured the St. George facility in Alameda and after dinner our waiter brought around the cart and prepared it for us with the sugar and the absinthe spoon. It was very interesting. The absinthe service was great but perhaps absinthe isn't the drink for me. Our gracious waiter brought me a few pieces of that delicious pretzel bread while my husband happily finished off my absinthe. 

If your looking for a special, romantic night of delicious food, I'd definitely recommend Fleur de Lys!!
I just spent the last week at Mandalay Bay, salivating over the happy hour deals that each restaurant was promoting.  We worked every day until 7, so on our last night, my friends and I jumped at the opportunity to enjoy happy hour.  Fleur de Lys' "flower hour" was the best deal, with 2-for-1 cocktails and complimentary appetizers.

We walked in and were kind of surprised at how small and quiet the lounge area is.  Our first impression was that it was a bit stuffy, but after taking a seat, it seemed cozy, luxurious and a welcome break from the usual Vegas chaos.  We were sitting with our backs to the dining room and I was shocked to find that people were dining behind us.  It was so tranquil, we felt like it was a private event just for us.

For the first round of drinks, I had the cherry lemon fizz.  I am a big fan of any drink with pop rocks, but I'm not a big fan of foofy drinks.  The bartender assured me that it wouldn't be and it wasn't.  It was really fun having a drink make your mouth tingle.  My second round was the orange rosemary manhattan.  I love manhattans, and this one put a delicious citrus twist on my favorite.  My friends also had the guava caipirinha and the fleur-tini, which were both tasty, but a bit sweeter.

We were cracking up when we thought that the extent of the complimentary appetizers was a bowl of gourmet buttered popcorn, but the popcorn was delicious and we figured, what the hell, 2-for-1 drinks make it worth it.  But that wasn't all, they also brought out these fabulous Indian spiced meat patties with cheese filled pastry purses.  (we were enjoying our drinks too much to ask what they were)  It was so good, it shouldn't be legal.  

My friend also ordered the black angus sliders that were so cute, I felt like I was in that stupid fast food commercial with the girls crooning over the tiny burgers.  You know the one I'm talking about.  They were seriously the smallest burgers I've ever seen, stacked with all the toppings, and held together with a bamboo toothpick.  I liked the presentation so much that I snapped a pic, which led to me meeting another foodie who said his friend laughs at him for doing the same thing.  

So all around a great experience, I am still smiling.  Perfect place to relax and unwind over cocktails and apps with friends.  I just can't wait to come back for dinner!
I broght my gf to fleur de lys at the end of last month.  I had the Chef's tasting menu... and it was superb.  First we started off with amuse bouche compliments of the chef of tempurad halibut with a potato salad.  Then we had a onion soup that was out of this world.  It was creamy and savory.  Next, course was a veal with a potato ravioli with a veal sauce... reccomendation is to use the sauce for bread.  Then, we had a olive oil poached hamachi with shitake mushrooms.  The final coarse we had a guiness braised beef short rib.  THis was probably the most inovative dish i had that night which used a guiness foam..

The service was laid back and on point. I never had to ask for anything and someone was always there to keep my table maintained.  The greatest part of the night was when we got to meet Hubert Keller, the celeberity chef... and we were so lucky because he just happened to be there and hes usually not there all the time.  He handed us an autographed menu of all of the courses we had of the night with a rose.  :). 

I reccomend this place, especially now, because locals are able to get pretty good deals if you mention you are from Vegas.  Just mention your a local and the server should able to hook yo up.

Overal a very very good place.
Had the chef's tasting menu...about 10 courses.  Almost every course was excellent.  Duck breast and short ribs were the best I've ever had.  Staff is also very friendly and you don't ever feel like you're in a stuffy restaurant.  If you're going for the tasting menu, don't finish each one of your courses.  You will be in major pain (as I was) afterwards.  I just HAD to finish my courses because they were so good!
I've only been there twice...unfortunately. Thinking of this place always brings back memories of the ribeye steak I had, and makes my mouth water even now as I type this. Hands down, my death row meal would include that steak.

Its a pricey experience but well worth it. Besides you're already in Las Vegas living it up. Why not pass on a buffet for something more memorable for one night? Everything including the service is top notch and being Vegas, I had walked in with a group wearing t-shirts and not a nose was upturned, though I highly recommend making a reservation.
Wonderful food, wine list and service! 

I had to book a last-minute (2 days prior) dinner for 40, and Fleur de Lys was a stellar choice. The staff worked quickly to accommodate the group, and put together a fabulous meal including: an individual appetizer assortment plate served with a creative flair on the plate: Seared Foie Gras Terrine, Ahi Tuna Tar-tare with Ginger Ponzu, Roasted Organic Beets with Goat Cheese; a main course, choice of Pan Seared Diver Scallops, Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs, or Seared Duck Breast & Duck Con-fit; and a dessert - chocolate "feast" or a fruit "minestrone" with basil ice cream. It was all excellently prepared and plated. I had the scallops as the main course, and they were perfectly done and served with a piece of zucchini and crab tempura. 

The service was outstanding - from start to finish. The wine list is extensive and the staff helpful with choices. While a very romantic spot for a couple, our group off 40 had a fabulous time and enjoyed the food, wine, staff and experience.

A bit pricy, but its Vegas - no more $10 buffets! And, you get what you pay for...Fleur de Lys is worth every penny.
I was very impressed with Fleur de Lys' ambience, staff, food presentation and taste.

When you walk in you'll notice the high rock covered walls and oversized art work of a rose filled petal. The second floor has a glass wall to show the massive wine cellar full of wines from all over the world from different years. For more privacy the restaurant also has rooms draped with curtains. I believe you have to make reservations to dine in these.

The entire staff is pleasant, friendly, and well educated with their restaurant. They answer every question regarding their menu and wine. One of our waiters, whose name I believe was Seth, took good care of our party with his detailed description of the dishes, good humor and dessert recommendations. 

Our party of 4 ordered the 4-course meal paired with red wine. All the dishes were outstanding in taste, flavor, texture, and presentation. But the ones I would order again would be the ahi tuna tartare, escargots with gnocchi and oyster mushrooms, and halibut tempura with potato salad amuse bouche (compliments of the chef  ).

It's definitely worth spending the money on the quality versus the quantity you get at buffets.
Fleur de Lys is spectacular!  A bit on the pricey side but worth every dollar.  I had the Prime Filet Mignon with a recommend red wine (can't remember the name).  It is by far one of the best places to eat inside of Mandalay Bay.  I ate at China Grill (2 Thumbs down) and Strip Steak (2 Thumbs down) a few nights earlier.  I was hesitant in trying Fleur de Lys as I had 2 bad experiences with the other locations only a few feet away. 

The natural rose décor on the wall is amazing and defiantly worth checking out.
Ambiance -  5 stars (see Vero H.'s review. Also, if you love wine and plan to spend over $100 [which you pretty much will], you can reserve to dine in the wine cellar upstairs)
Service - 5 stars (The service was attentive and made us felt special.  We were the last to leave. Couldn't ask for better service.)
Price - typical for this kind of restaurant (i.e. expect to pay over $100/person when included drinks. Though if you are on a budget, they do have 3 courses tasting menu for only $55.)
Food Quality - 4.5 stars (if it was orgasmically good, then I'll give it 5 stars. Although the food at Fleur De Lys is not quite there but it was close. I especially loved the onion soup and chocolate souffle. If you go, def. order the chocolate souffle, it just may be the best you ever tasted).
Food Quantity - 5 stars  

Overall - 4.5 stars (I had a wonderful dining experience here and would love to dine at Fleur De Lys again)
I opted for the Chef tasting menu.    It's pricey but worth every $$$$...yes their 4 $ signs =)
Amouse bouche
1st :  truffled onion soup 
2nd: crisp organic hen egg + sweet bread+ salad
3rd:  fillet mignon + foie gras (better than orgasm!)
4th: chocolate souffle.  
There were actually 5 courses , but I forgot one.   lol,  must be forgetable.  
Service is also impecable.......from describing the dish,  refilling my drink, and serving the bread.   

After dinner, we went to see the Lion King.   Unfortunately,  I was already hungry again by the time show's over.....Then, we headed to China Town for a quick bite
Started in the bar area, which is nice, but the service was not good.  Never got the water we asked for, nor did server come back to check on us at all, and free appetizers I was told about never came.  We never got the check, just left cash and went into the dining area after waiting quite some time.  Still gave it 5 stars as the tasting menu and wines with it were unreal.  Best dinner ever!  Service was perfect and we even saw Chef Keller there.  There are 3500 Roses on the wall, and the decor is so calm and relaxing, and the tables feel very private.  I loved the predessert and extra goodies from the pastry chef, the whole experience made you feel very pampered and special.  It was worth the price for sure!  I have eaten at the one in SF as well, and this one is much better.  That one is good, this is fabulous!
Exquisite!!!
Stopped by for happy hour and this place is great.  The servers are so nice and made great recommendations.  Half price drinks.  The cucumber martini is the best I have ever had.  Also really liked the onion soup shooters and ahi tartare.  they also give you free parmesean popcorn and bacon wrapped olives.  mmmmmmm bacon.
I can't believe I'm going to say this, because I've eaten so many places, but I think the dinner I had at Fleur de Lys is the best meal I've ever eaten. I had the four-course Elegance prix fixe menu, and each dish is etched in my memory -- the tuna tartare with an amazing blend of herbs and a minty note, the barely-there slivers of veal ravioli floating in jus and foam, the filet mignon that remade the flavors of a basic dish into its own unique thing, and the chocolate souffle.

Service was excellent and attentive. There's a bit of the overindulgent goofiness that strikes me at any fancy restaurant, but to their credit the descriptions of each dish were succinct and useful (not the litany you sometimes get, where a waiter is explaining to you the name of the farmer's cousin who picked the radicchio).

Something else I noticed is that you can have a sublime meal here for a variety of price points. One of my dinner companions had the three-course Lion King prix fixe, at $45 or $55; I had the four-course at $89; and two others had the four-course with wine pairings for about $150. And we each came away bowled over.

Again I feel sheepish saying this, but at least right now I feel ruined for food. Anything I ate later on in my weekend in Vegas was disappointing. It was almost literally the meal to end all meals.
Hubert Keller is a genious, even if he didn't win Top Chef Master's.  My friends and I had the chef's menu and got a free autographed cookbook.  Of course, the bill was a bit steep, considering we also had a nice bottle of red wine, but was for the most part worth it.  My only complaint is that I wish the waiters told us how many courses were coming out because we couldn't finish all the great food that came out!
Best meal we have had in years. Beautiful dining room and excellent service. 

To begin they served us complimentary Moscato D'Asti which is an Italian Dessert wine, and while we are not drinkers, it was so light and refreshing, my wife had seconds. 

They next brought an amuse bouche which was a beet served on a dollop of Goat Cheese. 

I had the 7 course tasting menu and was pleasantly surprised by each and every course. Started with Ahi Tuna over a shredded fennel slaw, next was the silkiest creamy onion soup I have ever had with just a touch of black truffle. Then to the veal ravioli, it wasn't bad but wasn't a highlight like the next course, which was a poached hamachi fillet served with a ginger sauce and mushrooms. So delicate and just full of flavor. That was followed up by the best lamb i have ever encountered. served over a couscous with a mango chutney. The pre-dessert course was a mango gelato served on banana bread, swimming in a coconut soup containing strawberries, tapioca pearls, and fried plantains. The final course was the low-light for me, a molten chocolate banana cake with a cup of espresso. I felt that the bitterness of the espresso really ruined all the beautiful flavors of everything else but i didn't eat enough of it to allow it to affect my incredible meal. 

My wife had the surf and turf which was a prime fillet with a butter poached lobster. It was served with a potato puree that is precisely what potatoes should taste like. 

The entire meal was just beyond words and lived up to my HIGH expectations. 

The Service was excellent and while expensive i felt it was worth the money. My only complaint is $5 for 8oz of soda. I'm OK with being gouged on the food but not on the soda's. All high end restaurants do it but I'm still not a fan of the practice.
Bad food, bad service, bad wine,, pretty much nothing positive to say.  My party and I spent about 6000 dollars last night and had nothing but unhappy faces to show for it.  Very, very slow service though it was not crowded, I thought they forgot about us.  Some attitude when selecting the wine as well.  The wine was corked.  We had a few veggys with us and they seemed unprepared for the concept.  Even for a guy like me who is usually not picky at all,, the food was at best, average. I would say bland discribes it.
Three words: truffled onion soup. Though that's not to say the rest of the meal wasn't also wonderful and delicious. Oh, and be sure to try the buttery pretzel bread. It doesn't really matter what else I ate, it was all so good. Be warned that with wine, the signature tasting menu is hard to finish, it's that rich. The service, while not warm, was prompt and attentive. We actually had some nice conversations with the sommelier. I came in a party of 4, and it was a nice intimate setting for a memorable meal with friends.
Wow! My bf and I went this past Saturday & we were completely amazed at the food, atmosphere & service. I got a $50 gift certificate on restaurants.com & after rave review from friends I was so excited to give this restaurant a try! 

When we got there, we were told that our table wasn't ready so we headed to the lounge to wait. In less than a few mins, a server came by and offered us free champagne while we waited. What a great way to start dinner, right? 

Food was absolutely amazing. I got the 4 course tasting menu & bf got the bone in rib eye. The rib eye was so flavorful and tender. It literally melted in my mouth & the portion was huge. My bf - who usually cleans up the plate - couldn't finish. I was amazed! I got the Tuna Tartare, Veal/Potato Ravioli & Filet Mignon. All the dishes were amazing. I've never had ravioli's so tasty. Tuna Tartare & Filet - I'd say I've had similar dishes elsewhere. 

For dessert, we had the chocolate souffle with chocolate ganache. OMG - it's to die for! Unlike a lava cake - it isn't rich/decadent. It's like chocolate sponge cake - light and fluffy & when topped with the ganache it's the perfect combo. I would go back and get the chocolate souffle any day. Also, I got coffee to end the meal & it's served with it's very own single served french press :-) Coffee was great! 

Last but not least, the service was impeccable. I've never been to a restaurant that was more attentive. The food came out back to back without delay. It totally made us feel spoiled. I would definitely go back as soon as I can!!
If Fleur de Lys were a woman, she would be a triple threat.  

Yeah you know, one of those.  Looks, personality and brains.

Consider me impressed.  Truly beautiful dining experience.  As soon as you walk in, you're greeted with high ceilings and a beautiful decor.

Regardless of the fact that I came during restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu, that did not take away from the whole dining experience or the quality of the food. The menu consisted of the following:

Truffled Onion Soup or Braised Veal and Yukon Gold Ravioli

Seared Skirtsteak or Citrus Glazed Monkfish

Molten Chocolate Cake

It was kinda like going on a first date.  You get a little bit of everything, but not enough to scare you away.  Before you had to ask too many questions, the servers came and told you exactly what you were having, leaving some things to the imagination.  

The menu I had left me intrigued and wanting more.

Unlike finding that triple threat woman, Fleur de Lys is not difficult to find at all.  It's located inside the Mandalay Bay.  

I'd definitely come back ... 5 star dining experience!
oh how i love hubert keller. :)

i had an awesome dining experience here last saturday night. everything was perfect. ordered off the lion king prix fixe menu and was impressed by every single bite. simple yet very elegant.

first course: the truffled onion soup was amazing. so rich and creamy and so unlike any onion soup i've ever had before. and the serving style was also very unique. tres chic. some people from our group ordered the organic salad and that was good as well. the polenta croutons were so delectable!

second course: stout braised beef short ribs. probably one of the best short ribs i've ever had. it was presented with a leek fondue. every bite was mouth watering. my taste buds are getting excited even just thinking about it now. some ordered the salmon and that was equally tasty. 

third course: chocolate celebration. a peanut butter something shake, presented cleverly in a tiny glass with a straw; a chocolate fondant cake; bailey's ice cream. some of us ordered the chocolate banana souffle that was served with warm chocolate ganache. lip-licking delicious. what an awesome ending for a perfect meal. 

we ordered chardonnay with our dinner. and for 8 people, we paid $70 each including gratuity. not bad for a spectacular meal.
I hate to give this restaurant this rating because I'm a HUGE Top Chef fan, and instantly loved Hubert Keller in Top Chef Masters. 

I went to this restaurant a month ago in celebration of my birthday, so I got a carrot birthday cake at the end. It had some other stuff in it, but I don't remember what exactly. lol Lovely and tasty!

We were early, so we unknowingly reaped the yummy benefits of the happy hour. The popcorn was ABSOLUTELY DIVINE!!! I still have frequent cravings of it at least once a week. haha Also, the celebration of chocolate was so delicious and plated very nicely. Actually, everything was presented beautifully. If I could, I would give a four or five star rating for presentation. 

However, most of the savory foods were extremely salty. No, they weren't "sort of salty" or "pretty salty." They were EXTREMELY salty! I ended up drinking three or four water bottles within an hour and a half after that dinner. I got the 3 Course Prix Fixe Menu with Truffled Onion Soup, Stout Braised Beef Short Ribs, and Celebration of Chocolate. My sister ordered the Gently Heated Alaskan King Salmon entree.

The Truffled Onion Soup was definitely special, but too salty. The short ribs were cooked to tender perfection, but all those sauces on it were sadly overwhelmingly strong and salty. My sister's salmon was cooked well, but, again, those darned sauces were way too SALTY!

I would definitely go back for that popcorn, dessert, and maybe happy hour. Perhaps the chef was having an off day or it was because we dined right when they opened. Either way, I'll probably be staying away from any of the entrees, especially for those prices.
I went here for the $30.00 menu during restaurant week. Honestly the menu sounded pretty boring - salad, salmon, carrot cake. I was actually going just for the carrot cake (I'm messed up in the head). I was blown away by the rest of the food, however, and would say it's one of the better fine dining experiences I've had in Vegas!

Atmosphere - dramatic and beautiful, service was great.

Course 1 - Salad with herb dressing and polenta croutons. This sounds ridiculous, but the salad dressing was incredible. It was so fresh tasting and complex. The croutons were like a party in my mouth - crunchy on the outside with a soft polenta filling. I actually finished this huge salad - something I never do!

Course 2- slowly cooked salmon. This my friends was the best salmon I've EVER eaten. I've been all over alaska, I've eaten my share of salmon sashimi all over the US, but this salmon was so freaking awesome. It was a beautiful wild salmon "barely cooked" and then plated with an apple sauce and a beautiul fresh herb green sauce. The salmon is cooked at 200 degrees for a little while to make it warm, but it maintains a beautiful, delicate texture more like sashimi. It was silky, NOT flaky. Portion size was generous. This was a dish I'd pay full price for in the future. 

Dessert - the carrot cake ice cream sandwich did NOT disappoint. Carrot cake with cream cheese ICE CREAM? Cream cheese ice cream is genius.. where can I buy a pint of this? 

Overall a killer experience for just $30, but it was tasty enough where I'll definitely be coming back and buying some items at full price in the future.
How can you NOT like this place? My party of 4 was treated like VIP here.  Maybe they thought I was Jackie Chan or somethin...  but anywayz... 
Two of us had the Chef's Prix Fixe ($90), and other two had the Lion King Prix Fixe($55).  I was lucky enough to have a taste of both menus (actually I ate half of what my gf couldn't finish. Win win right?) so I will list them out.

Complimentary appetizer: Some kind of fried cod.  It was very small...although free.  Tasty!
Truffled Onion Soup: Absolutely delicious.  The braised duck was a nice touch to the soup.  I wish there was more black truffle in there, but that's my greedy side talking.
Ahi Tuna Tartare: WOW. One of the most delicious tuna tartares I've ever had.  Just the perfect amount of ponzu (with some ginger I think) with fennel. what flavor!
Alaskan Salmon: Cooked nicely.  It was tasty... maybe a little too many chives.  Kind of overpowered the dish.
Braised Short Ribs: Cooked to perfection.  The short ribs didn't even need to be cut with a knife.  The guiness reduction was a nice touch.  Didn't care too much for the mustard with mustard seeds.
Filet Mignon: Perfectly cooked to my liking (medium rare).  A beautiful piece of meat here.  The wine reduction sauce was spot on.  The mash potatoes were a little too buttery and creamy.  Almost didn't taste like potatoes.
Complimentary Dessert: Passion fruit sorbet with coconut tapioca + fruits.  WOW. My eyes totally lit up when I tasted this one.  It's refreshing and delicious.  They need to put this on their regular menu!
Chocolate souffle: Very good.  
Grand Marnier Souffle: Tasty.  I liked this one a lot more than the chocolate souffle.
Complimentary tea snacks: Assorted hard cookie's and candy drops.  I didn't care for it but I felt like VIP after this 3rd complimentary dish.

The inner decor was very chic.  I would have preferred maybe some jazz or slow jazz over the monotone beats they were playing.  Made me kind of sleepy waiting for the food.  Service was excellent.

While it is an expensive dinner, we were treated to a fine culinary experience.  I would definitely come back.  Hats off to Chef Keller.
**Disclaimer: This is probably going to be a 2 part review just like I did for my 400th with Ortolan... we need a higher character limit....**

FINALLY!!  Hubert Keller is one of my favorite chefs, so ever since I first heard about him a couple years ago, I told myself next time I was in either Las Vegas or San Francisco, I HAD to go to Fleur de Lys.

It happened to be restaurant week in Las Vegas so our group had come here getting that menu in mind.  However that didn't last very long.

Our reservation was for 8:30, but a table where they were planning on seating us was taking their sweet ol' time and we were forced to wait.  After about 10-15 minutes of waiting outside, the hostess finally came up to us and offered us to wait in their lounge and enjoy complimentary champagne in their LOWLY lit lounge to apologize for the longer wait.  Free champagne?  Yes please!  The hostess was also kind enough to keep us updated on the table, waiting maybe an additional 10 or so minutes.

The lighting in the dining room was a little better and was thinking I could get away taking pictures without using my external flash on my camera (I hate using flash in a fine dining restaurant as I feel its a little bit of a distraction and nuisance).  Our table was slightly tucked away off in the corner, making out meal semi private.  Within a New York minute, our server, Marcus, was at our side, giving us our menus.  So like I said, we had come having in mind that we were going to get the restaurant week menu for $50.  However, right when we opened the menu, right there staring us down was Chef Keller's "Elegance Menu", which was 4 courses (instead of 3 on the RW menu) for $89.  Yes, a little hard to justify an extra course for $39, but, while some were the same, had more and better choices.  Such "better" choices included veal and potato ravioli and filet mignon.  The RW menu did not have the ravioli or the filet.

I started with the ahi tuna tartare with shaved fennel salad, a ginger ponzu sauce, and fennel seed tuile.  The tuna was very fresh and the ponzu wasn't too overpowering or salty.

My next course I ordered the veal and Yukon gold potato ravioli with English peas, veal jus, pea shoots, and a sunchoke foam.  The ravioli were pretty good but I do have to say the veal jus was a little salty.  I still very much enjoyed this dish.

For my entree, I ordered the prime filet mignon, with a potato puree, baby spinach, wild mushrooms, salsify, and a red wine reduction.  Medium rare of course.  The meat was cooked perfectly, though slightly underseasoned. The vegetables were perfect and the potato puree was very buttery.  There was an option to add black truffles and foie gras to the filet for an additional $25, and while I didn't partake in that, 2 others did.  The size of the foie was as round as the filet and they put A LOT of truffles.  I'm not talking about like maybe 3 or maybe 5 slices of black truffles.  It was a PILE of truffles, I'm guessing at least a dozen slices.  That right there, at $75/oz, definitely worth the $25.  And while seeing that much foie and truffles made me sad I didn't get it, they both gave me some of theirs so it was like I had gotten it myself.  Oh man... the foie was just... I had to take a moment.  I also said I didn't want to eat or drink anything else after having the foie for fear of washing away the flavor.  It was ethereal.

As much as I wanted to savor the foie gras, our dessert courses came out.  With souffle on the menu, I knew at least 3 or 4 people in our party would order it, so instead of ordering one for myself, I decided I would just steal a couple of bites of theirs and order the other item: a banana chocolate lava cake, served with a shot of peanut butter milkshake and Baileys ice cream.  The lava cake was really good and had a pleasantly subtle banana flavor.  The peanut butter milkshake was good.  I honestly didn't really get the Baileys ice cream.  Personally to me it just seemed to be a little bit of a disconnect.  I mean, if the pastry chef would kindly explain why he chose Baileys ice cream, then I'd probably understand.  But until then, your guess is as good as mine.

I'll end here for now because of the 5000 character limit... remainder of review shall come tomorrow....
Amazing. Simply amazing!!!! I went with a friend and her husband and we had an awesome meal. We started with a round of cocktails...had the Fleurtini with pomegranate juice and champage. Very yummy and fruity. The RSVP was at 8:30 but for some reason they didn't seat us until 9:15 but to make up for it, the chef made us an amuse bouche: deep-fried cod nugget over warm potato salad, and some kind of citrusy something....MMMM. They have a great bread selection...I could eat 4 or 5 of those pretzel rolls. Then for apps, we had the veal and Yukon potato ravioli, the beef tartare and the panko-coated egg with sweetbreads. For the entrees, I went with halibut and that fish was like BUTTER. the best fish I ever had. My friend and her husband ordered the rack of lamb and the filet mignon with foie gras on top and both were delicious as well. For dessert they had the chocolate souffle and I ordered the chocolate banana cake with the mini peanut butter shake (could've been colder) and a scoop of Bailey's ice cream. OH MY GOD. I'm getting teary-eyed just thinking about it. Best meal ever!! Totally going back someday!
So where was I before the 5000 character limit forced me to cut this into two... (and yes, I sent feedback to HQ already and gotten a response)

Moving along....

On top of these 4 courses, my friend and I shared an order of the veal sweetbreads, which came with a poached egg and spinach and apple salad.  I LOVE sweetbreads and they were cooked PERFECTLY.  So we essentially had 5 courses.  I also took a couple bites of other people's souffles, and they were pretty good.  The Gran Marnier souffle was better than the chocolate souffle.  

The meal ended with an assortment of petit fours.  There was a classic French canele, some sort of passion fruit gummy thing (I didn't try it), a homemade marshmallow (forgot the flavor) and a macaron (forgot the flavor as well).  Shows you how impressive they were if I couldn't remember half of them.

Service was impeccable.  The bread girl was very courteous, offering 4 different types of bread.  I will have to say while it was good, the pretzel bread at Cut is way better.  Our server Marcus was very attentive and patient with us.  He was very helpful and he and the expediters explained each course and each different dish thoroughly and patiently.  And Marcus poured the wine label up!!!  I learned from my wine instructor in culinary school (who I believe by now is a master sommelier) that proper wine pouring etiquette means pouring the label up as well as slightly twisting the bottle as he raised the bottle from the glass so it doesn't drip.  Yes, I pay attention to these things.

I would definitely come back for this 4 course menu and I would also love to try out the San Francisco location as well.  Thank you Chef Hubert Keller!!!!
You never forget your first.

Sure, you're a little nervous...you wonder what to wear--something sexy perhaps? or something classy and demure?

You try to show up on time and get a class of bubbly to make the night go a bit smoother. 

You're not sure how the evening will begin, but you have a pretty good idea of how you hope it will end. 

This my friends, is how my first $$$$ dining experience began at Fleur de Lys.

As the piece de resistance of my epic birthday weekend in Vegas, we took advantage of the restauarant week promotion to dine at Hubert Keller's famed restaurant. Being that I was with a group of yelpers, this is not surprising in the least.

They were a bit late with our reservations which resulted in complementary champagne for all. An excellent start to the evening.
The restaurant is small, dimly lit, and quiet. We were seated in an alcove, so it was nice to have our own little space for our group.

The service was impeccable, which is something that is to be expected when dining at establishments such as this but is not always delivered. The attention to detail was outstanding and truly enhanced the experience. 
   The bread selection was great, my favorites being the challah and the pretzel bread. The amuse bouche details escape me, but it was a miso cod and truly superb.

 I went with the $50.09 prix fixe menu that consisted of the following:

-Truffled Onion Soup with Duck: the soup was creamy and not too rich. It had a wonderful earthy flavor due to the truffles and was expertly seasoned. One of my dining companions had never had truffles before, so this was his first experience and he loved it. Three of us were actually tempted to lick the bowl, but we knew better...

-Chimichurri flank steak with mini baked potatoes: flank steak is not my favorite cut of beef by any means, but it was cooked well and pre-cut. The chimichurri added a burst of freshness and lightness to the dish. The crispy mini baked potatoes were topped with creme fraiche and perfectly cooked. 

-Trio of Desserts--Molten Chocolate banana cake, peanut butter shake, Bailey's ice cream: I was a little worried about the banana component in the cake because I'm not a fan of that combination, but the cake was outstanding. Moist cake and warm, rich dark chocolate sauce oozing out of the middle with a hint of banana flavor? What's not to love? The peanut butter shake was very pronounced in flavor and a cute concept. The Bailey's ice cream made a great complement to the cake. I thought all three were fantastic, with the cake and ice cream combo being my favorite.

-Petite Fours: after the meal,  we were treated to a selection of petite fours including: passion fruit gelee, coconut marshmallow, French canele, pina colada French macaroon. They were all simple and yet very delicious...it's too bad we were all so full from the meal to fully appreciate them.

A three hour dining experience with a fantastic group of friends is a great way to end an amazing weekend in Vegas.

Here are some of the "firsts" that happened here:
-first time trying truffles for Nick
-first time trying foie gras--courtesy of Libby and Fel who ordered it (Nick, Keisha, William, me)
-first time breaking $1k on a restaurant bill 

Thanks, Fleur de Lys, for making my first experience a spectacular one.
Without hesitation, this is one the best restaurants EVER!  Four or Five years ago, my husband and I were looking for a place to eat at Mandalay Bay after seeing Mama Mia. It was well after 9pm during the weekday and several of the nicer restaurants were near closing time. We walked past Fleur de Lys and looked at the menu posted on the glass. There was a $59 prix fixe menu that sounded perfect. They seated us without any problems being so close to closing time. The service was impeccable, the 4-course meal was amazing and Chef Keller really knows how to make a beautiful presentation out of his food. We never felt rushed through our meal even when it got past closing time. An Amazing Culinary experience!

I was so impressed with Fleur de Lys, the very next time I was in Vegas I made a reservation for my mother and I. She really appreciates food as much as I do, so I felt I would give her the gift of Incredible French Food! I remembered there being booths on the side of the restaurant that were very private, so I made our reservations for the booth. The 4-course was so good, I decided to pony-up and go for the 6-course for the both of us. And heck, let's just do the wine pairing as well!!! It's my Mom, nothing's too good for her! I would definitly recommend making reservations for the booth. You kind of feel like you're in your own world. After 6-courses of wine and 6-glasses of wine I officially felt Culinary Bliss! What an incredible display of food! Although it was a hit to the pocketbook, it was worth every penny! Top three meals of my life (so far)!
Spring for the grand marnier souffle.  You won't regret it.

My college roommate and I had crammed a 5 day work week into 4.  We had 9:30 reservations @ Fleur de Lys.  Landed at the airport and decided, no, we were too hungry to check in first and then head to the restaurant.  So we cabbed straight there.  8:30 seated, no problem.  Whew.  Our foodie adventure begins.

Spring for the grand marnier souffle.  You won't regret it.

We shared a $55 prix fixe menu with a second entree.

Course one: truffled onion soup with braised duck crêpe, red onion purée and black truffle.  Yes, it's as good as it sounds.  Actually, it may even be better.

Course two: stout braised beef short ribs with leek fondue, whole grain mustard and cornichons.  The stout is actually a Guinness reduction, which was perfect since it was Guinness' birthday.  Two birds with one stone!

Course 2.5: gently heated Alaskan king salmon with Juilinee root vegetables, apple rosemary puree and horseradish chive bouillon.  Soft, buttery and flaky to the touch.

Repeat: spring for the grand marnier souffle.  You won't regret it.  You have to order it right when you sit down, since it takes about 20 minutes to perfect.  Just do it.  Trust.

In addition to the meal, we had a choice of freshly baked bread, complimentary appetizer and complimentary dessert.

They know how to treat a girl well ;)
Fantastic! The food was great, and the service even better.
We went on a weekday, late in the evening. It wasn't that busy, and we actually took our two kids, 1 and 4 years old... and the chef even managed to come up with something for them.
I have not had the pleasure of trying the original, San Fransisco location, but I can't wait.
I got married in Las Vegas last week and we were treated to a complimentary dinner here. My wife watches a lot of food network and apparently fell in love with Hubert Keller. Something about that gray ponytail really makes her happy. Even more amazing was he was there walking around the restaurant talking to people. She about lost her damn mind....well as much as someone can lose their mind in a very nice, upscale restaurant. 

Anyway...amazing meal. Food, service, patrons. Perfect. Even more perfect was getting a bill for $320 and it says "complimentary" on it. A super must go when your in Vegas.
My husband and I decided to have one nice meal on our honeymoon. We had booked in at a restaurant in the Palazzo, but it was our last night in Vegas and we were tired. So we canceled that reservation and went to Fleur de Lys instead. We're very glad we did!

We were very impressed with damn near everything. 

He had steak and I had lamp chops. Both were out of this world delicious, as were their hand made pretzel rolls. I wanted to ask for about 20 of them. NOM. 

We ended the night with the chocolate soufflé, which was out of this world delicious. We shared one, and it was plenty big enough for both of us, as unlike some other fine dining restaurants I've been to, the portions are hardy at Fleur de Lys. 

If you're looking for fine dining and you're staying near Mandalay Bay (or even if you're not!) check out Fleur de Lys.
Good but not great and oh how I wanted it to be great. I have a "secret" love for the grey pony-tailed man who owns this place and cannot lie that it was a big reasoning behind my wanting to visit Fleur de Lys (on top of it being in my hotel). My friend ordered the full tasting menu with wine pairings. I, not feeling 100%, decided I didn't need four courses and four glasses of wine (don't judge me). The friend loved the food and was particularly pleased with the pairings prepared by the house sommelier. In particular, he absolutely loved the citrus glazed halibut, the stout braised short ribs and the fleur de lys souffle. I also have to say the first dish, the tuna tartar, was full out awesome but he said the pairing wasn't as well thought out and so fell by the wayside in the ranking. I also had the stout braised short rib and although a bit overly heavy (again, not feeling 100% so that might have something to do with it) it was beautiful. The meat flaked off the bone the way it should and the purees of carrot and parsnip were phenomenal. However, the hands down highlight was obviously the fleur de lys souffle. It was HUGE and so perfectly fluffy without being too eggy and the fleur de lys ice cream that came alongside was divine. I probably will not revisit Fleur de Lys but that's less about the food and more about the abundance of options and the less than stellar overall experience of the place. No doubt this is a wonderful restaurant, I had just hoped for something a bit more...
My boyfriend and I are from the bay area and have been wanting to try Fleur de Lys there, but never got around to it. So we decided to try this one on our first trip to Vegas. My only complaint about the experience is that my stomach was too small to fit all of the courses they served us. We both ordered the pre-fixe tasting menu, and by the time we reached the third course I was embarrassed that I had to leave food on the plate just so I could save room for the next courses. Afraid I'm going to butcher the spelling on the dishes we had, I'm just going to say all the food was great. Service was wonderful and we got a tour of the kitchen and an autographed "Burger Bar" cookbook as part of the tasting menu. And now I'm looking forward to checking out the new Burger Bar in SF.
Deliciously good value! I honestly didn't find this restaurant that expensive given the quality of food. This could be that my standards of what counts for expensive are all out of whack after a string of triple digit restaurant bills--but I thought the prices here were spot on for a nice dinner out. Not cheap, but definitely not as expensive as they could be elsewhere!

Onion soup = fantastic. I stole half of my boyfriend's soup as I was jealous that I didn't order it for myself. Not that my ahi tuna tartar was not delicious...but oooh the soup, it causes me to make primordial sounds.

Braised veal ravioli = YUM

Short ribs = excellent! Fall off the bone! Very pretty presentation.

Chocolate souffle = large and chocolatey delicious! I'm convinced they put something in this souffle though that causes intense food coma. Immediately after eating it, I had to lean on my boyfriend to get out of the restaurant and passed out in bed with my shoes on.

The atmosphere of this restaurant is really comfortable--it's not so fancy that it becomes intimidating (see Joel Robuchon, although I would kill to eat there again). Also, I'm in love with all the china at this restaurant. Every piece. Every dish that came resulted in me fawning over the new piece of china. I am crushed to discover that it was designed especially for this Vegas restaurant (it says so on the bottom of the butter plate. If you're going to check, I suggest you remove the butter from the plate before doing so....so that your butter does not roll off your plate and onto the ground--oops). Somebody tell me where I can find similar china!
YUM, YUM, YUM ... We spent a very shiny penny here!!

We had the monkfish and filet mignon and lobster, and wine.  Wonderful staff, great food, pretty much all you can expect from a fine dining place.

Definitely a very nice place to take your significant other.  Romantic and fun.  A nice place to get dressed up and enjoy a very nice dinner together. =)
Absolutely, one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.  We dined there on October 8 and once again, the experience was phenomenal.  The cuisine is top notch.  This restaurant does not dissapoint.  

We requested the private curtained table, which we were seated at when we arrived.  If you want to privacy this is the perfect place to sit.  We always dine early to get the best seats and great service possible, so this helped us get the private area.  

The service is alway unpretencious and gracious.  No stuffy attitude, just great, attentive service.  They offer 4 kinds of bread pretzel, challah, wheat, onion foccacia, butter on salt block
The amuse was a delicate Halibut Tempura.

I started with the ahi tuna tartar, shaved fennel, ginger ponzu - absolutely delicious.  Chef Kellar's food is so clean and so nicely presented.  Second course was roasted organic beets, goat cheese, poached quail egg and house cured duck.  The dish was so pretty, a portrait.  Entree was the Slow Poached Butter Maine Lobster, Herb spaetzle, wild mushrooms, Alsatian choucroute, paprika foam - sooooooo great.  One of the best lobster dishes I have ever had in a restaurant.  Finally the dessert was a valhrona warm chocolate cake, peanut butter shake and housemade ice cream - yummy....  

On our way out we caught a glimpse of the master - Hubert Kellar.  What a nice surprise.  Once again, a great experience that we will return to on our next trip.  Outstanding....
Hubert Keller rocks (Top Chef Master). Prix Fixe menu recommended!  Amazing flavors and presentation.
Only today did I learn that Fleur de Lys was a Hubert Keller creation - what can I say, I'm not that big of a snob than was previously thought. 

Waiting for the ladies to arrive, me and my buddy sat in the bar, talking to the bartender and the hostess Stephanie - both were very cool.  Even the maitre'd was cool, remembering my name when we left - whatever, I'm a sucker for that sort of schiesse. 

When the girls arrived we sat in a big booth and the waiter brought round the bread basket - he would bring it out a total of three times.  The waiter was a bit green - when we ordered our appetizer we were also prepared to order our entrees and he disappeared, not to be seen for a while.  And what we ordered for an appetizer: tuna tartare, and he tried to dissaude us, saying that depending on what we ordered, it might take time to fire it up and it wouldn't come out in time, and we were like, tuna tartare is....raw!  What in the world, my good sir, are you firing up!

That aside, the tartare was excellent, better than Tao's (I thought), though, in all fairness, it was served differently, more naked.  The prix fixe menu looked good, but I couldn't see myself putting away all those courses - not that night.  For the main course I got the roast duck breast, which was excellent, and my buddy the Alaskan salmon, along with one of the girls, and the other got the filet mignon, which also looked delicious.  We chose to skip dessert, but they brought out a tray of dainties, anyway, complimentary - though I doubt anything in Vegas is REALLY free.

Aside from the shaky service, the food is impressive, and now that I know it's a Hubert Keller restaurant, well, I guess subconsciously I knew that it was the whole time - it's that good.
do i even need to review this place?  everyone is giving it 5 stars (as i have).  hubert keller makes the best french food i have ever had in my life.  this place is one of the best culinary treasures in las vegas.  i have yet to visit the sf location, but when i'm in vegas, i always come here.  the only down side of french food for me is the fact that it's sooo creammmmy i feal like barfing afterwards... but it's worth it to sample kellers masterpieces!
I had come here for my birthday dinner with a couple of my other good friends who also had their birthdays in September.  The choosing of the restaurant came together after my fine dining foodie friend told me that we should try it.  This was the second signature restaurant of Hubert Keller; probably the most noted French chef in America and a James Beard award winner... so we were expecting a lot to say the least.  

We come to the restaurant inside the Mandalay Bay with our reservations already set, and are seated promptly with a table nearing the 12,000-bottle wine loft.  This was probably the most cellars inside a restaurant that I have seen at the time.  The main dining room has 30-foot ceilings with stone covered walls and embossed wood ceilings.  This was going to be a long and memorable birthday dining experience.  

I ordered the Roasted Organic Beets: fresh goat cheese, poached quail egg, house cured duck from the appetizers.  

And the Pan Seared Duck Breast: duck confit, chestnut puree, cippolini onion, ginger gastrque. At this point, I didn't know half of what I was ordering and my foodie friend didn't really know either.  And the full menu didn't have any prices on any of the items we were ordering, but we knew to expect somewhere around $80-100 per person.   

So apparently my dinner was going to be four courses.  Our other friend who was not really a foodie smugly ordered an 18 OZ Bone in Prime Rib Eye Steak: Creamed Spinach, Marble Potatoes, Red Wine and Shallot Reduction.  

My fine dining foodie friend had decided to order the same items as myself.  The Fleur also offers a "prix fixe" menu for a reasonable $55, but only offers a choice of two appetizers and two main courses, and a dessert.  You also have the choice of trying Chef Keller's signature tasting menu ($140) and wine pairing ($80).  

All I can really say about the food served was that it seemed barely warm and ridiculously small.  Most of the food served here is tiny and doesn't have the richness or depth to constitute any major delicious flavors.  My foodie friend was actually disappointed enough about the main course that he had the audacity to tell the server that we food was not up to par.  I could have easily given the food itself 3 stars, not the epic 5 star 200th review I was looking to have.  

And it was at that point that I did realize I may have been better off ordering from the Kobe Beef & Prime steaks menu. Fine dining can be quite the double-edged sword for that fact that you are spending so much money on so little food that is showcasing mainly culinary skill and technique.  But what it all really boils down to is pretentious food and overzealous expectation.  Even if the food tastes great, that moment only lasts for a few seconds on each bite.  The food here is so miniscule that you could eat one plate in 4-5 bites.  

However at the end of our dinner the sommelier came out and poured us some complimentary dessert wine which was pleasing surprise.  He had wished all of us happy birthday and told us to enjoy the rest of our stay in Vegas.  The dinner lasted at least two and a half hours, and we had left looking forward to an even more memorable night on the town.
Wow, reading the other reviews of Fleur de Lys, I'm not sure I'm in the same stratosphere of foodie.  I'm not the most eloquent, but I know what I like, and let me tell you, I likes me some Fleur de Lys!

I was lucky to be there during Restaurant Week and got to do a 3 course meal that I could afford.  I was also lucky that I was there with my brother and wife, so I could sample their food too.  Everything that I tried was outstanding.  Especially their appetizers!  Next time in Vegas, that's a definite stop for me, even if it breaks the bank - cuz you know it'll bust your gut!  :)
This was a borderline 3.5*...but the service tipped it over to a 4* for me. 

After all the hype over this restaurant, I have to say I was rather underwhelmed. Gary Danko and Bottega were much better. But Javier saved the day at Fleur de Lys. 

Our group of 14 chose to get the 6 course tasting menu after being assured that we would be able to state our allergies if needed. I cannot stand cooked fish and thankfully, did Not need to taste the Salmon (yuck).  Our very attentive (and funny) server was Javier and he "upgraded" our 6 course meal to 8 courses, complete with 2 desserts and petit fours (which were more like petit tens)

Summary:
- Amuse Bouche: Mine was a piece of sweet beet on a tower of goat cheese which was flavorful. Everyone else got a small piece of tempura fish (eeeks)

- Ahi Poke: Having lived in Hawaii for more than 10 years, i'm really quite an ahi snob. This dish was ok; the ponzu might have been a little  overpowering. 

- Truffled Duck Soup: YUM. They were very generous with the truffle; the tiny little piece of duck was delicious and the piece of truffle it was sitting on was pretty amazing too

- Veal Ravioli: Very delicious. Probably my fave dish of the night. If it wasn't for the fact that I had THE BEST ravioli the night before at the extremely snobbish Ristorante Il Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica (see my review for that), I would have voted this Ravioil the best i've ever tasted. Alas. This will now be allocated 2nd best ravioli ever. But the veal...OMG

- Seared Scallop on a bed of Crab in tomato and bail reduction: This was probably my 2nd least favorite dish if i had to pick one (after the too-ponzued ahi). But only because it was a little too salty and the tomato base was a little too overpowering. The scallop was done perfectly 

- Prime Rib Filet Mignon: Delicious! Done just the way i liked it, medium-rare

- Passionfruit Canal of ice-cream in tapioca coconut sauce: When they busted out this dessert, we all thought it was a really refreshing and tasty end to the 6 course meal. However, my friend Fifi was really quite disappointed that it wasn't a chocolate dish. I don't know if Javier heard her, or he just wanted to keep us around for another 30 mins...but we ended up with ANOTHER 

- Dessert Trio of Peanut Butter Milkshake + Chocolate Fondant Cake + Canal of Bailey's ice-cream with crushed peanut butter brittle
Peanut Butter Milkshake: VERY tasty. It was rich and peanut buttery and oh so yummy
Chocolate Fondant Cake: Could have been a little sweeter. It was also a little dry, but perfect with the ice-cream
Bailey's Ice-cream with crushed peanut butter brittle: YUM! Loved it!

- Petit Fours/ Sweets: Generous portion of chocolates, roasted cocoa nuts, caneles, jelly...YUM

Javier saved the day with the extra course of tastings. Overall, a pretty great meal, but not sure that I'll pay $140 for it again. Maybe an ala carte meal of Truffled Duck Soup and Veal Ravioli. MmMMmmM
I should learn to be less trusting.

I've already learned the hard way not to trust them when they say, "Trust me, I'm a lawyer." And that's coming from an ex-lawyer, so you can trust me.

I am inclined to believe "Trust me, I'm a doctor," and even "Trust me, I'm a Michelin starred chef."

But I'm starting to question "Trust me, I'm the executive chef at a celebrity chef's Las Vegas outpost." 

You see, the Chef's Tasting menu at Fleur de Lys is not listed. You tell them if you have any allergies or if there's anything you don't eat. Besides that, you're in the chef's hands. In this case, Executive Chef Steve Wolf.

Now, here's the thing. I'm not really sure if the ever changing chef's menu is really Chef Hubert Keller's menu, Chef Wolf's menu, or Chef Wolf channeling Chef Keller's menu. So I'm not really sure where to lay the blame for a meal that was, well, hit and miss. Don't get me wrong, there were some outstanding dishes. But there were also some dishes that missed the mark enough to make me question if they were coming from the same chef.

Let's start with the positives. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. A towering space with walls of stacked stone, heavy floor to ceiling dark curtains, an imposing second floor wine cellar behind glass, and an "eye" of orange roses watching over a dining room of white tablecloths and brown leather banquettes and chairs. It's masculine and luxurious and opulent.

The service is also top notch, finding that balance between attentiveness and unobtrusiveness.

And the menu had some high points. Some very high points. But the lows brought it back down to earth.

We started with an amuse of dungeness crab and avocado sphere in a watermelon gazpacho. If the amuse was to capture the essence of the meal, I would have been very happy. It was delicious, tart and refreshing. It held out the promise of a great meal.

We moved on to the 1st course of ahi tuna tartare over a shaved fennel slaw in ginger ponzu, topped with a fennel seed tuile. An ahi tuna tartare seemed like a safe, if uninspired choice, to start the meal. I've had many, as I'm sure you have, and this one was good without being remarkable. The fennel slaw beneath it was a nice touch, giving it some textural difference but the ginger ponzu sauce was overpoweringly sour.

Next up was the truffled onion soup with a braised duck ragout and shaved black truffles. The braised duck ragout was served in a small rolled crepe in the middle of the dish, with the soup poured around it. This dish was the highlight of the meal. The onion soup was sweet and rich, with the taste of the truffles coming on in the end notes. The truffles were more pronounced in the crepe itself.

Third course was veal and Yukon Gold potato ravioli with a sunchoke foam and English peas. The potato ravioli were very soft and tender and the veal jus lent a concentrated meaty flavor to the dish. Another good dish.

The next course was hamachi with a ginger aromatic foam and tempura scallions. My first and lasting impression was that the ginger foam was salty. This is one of the dishes that really threw me with the heavy handedness of the seasoning.

The final meat course was the Colorado rack of lamb with charred corn cous cous, mango chutney and a carrot curry sauce. The lamb was on the rare side of medium rare, just how I like it, but again the sauce was a salt lick. Salty to the point of obliterating the other tastes. The addition of curry introduced an odd flavor profile into the meal. It just seemed incongruous with the rest of the tasting menu. If I didn't know better, I'd have wondered if that plate had come from the same kitchen or even restaurant.

The intermezzo was a passion fruit and coconut sorbet on a streusel crust in a coconut soup with tapioca balls, strawberry, kiwi and plantain. I loved the coconut soup with tapioca balls. Just like an upscale boba and a perfect palate cleanser after the two salt bombs. The sorbet was also very good. This course set the meal back on track.

Dessert was sauterne marinated pears on a cinnamon crust and cinnamon ice cream with a walnut sesame crisp. The ice cream was good but the highlight was the cinnamon crust the dessert sat on. Delicious. The kitchen also sent out two glasses of complimentary sauterne to pair with the dessert to make up for the lamb dish. A nice gesture and a nice way to end the meal.

Finally, a small tray of lemony madeleines with a chocolate dipping sauce. 

And an autographed copy of Hubert Keller's book "Burger Bar", a rose from the aforementioned "eye" and personalized menus of the night's meal. A nice touch even if a couple of the courses on the menu were not what we had received.

So there you have it. A meal, on the one hand, that exercised some restraint in bold flavors and two dishes that exhibited a heavy handedness in their seasoning and discordant flavor profiles.

But who am I to judge?

Just trust me. I'm a food blogger.
My girlfriend and decided to try the prix fixe meal (served between 5:30 and 6:30).  
I had the truffles onion soup, braised short rib, and celebration of chocolate for dessert.

The truffled onion soup was by far the shining dish of the night.  Combined with the little duck morsel and red wine reduction, it was ridiculously good.  Very tasty and just the right amount to start the meal.

The short rib was also good, but I have had better.  It was braised in Guiness and served with a Guiness foam.  It was cooked perfectly tender, but I don't feel like the purees went well with it.

The celebration of chocolate was a peanut butter shake, a molten chocolate-banana cake, and a tiny scoop of Bailey's ice cream on a crisp.  My girlfriend and I both agree the ice cream was the best and that the cake was ok.  I personally liked the pb shake, but it did seem a little out of place.

All in all though, the quality of food is definetly top notch.  Ambiance is very nice and the service was okay.  I would like to come back some time to try some other entrees.
I would actually rate this 3.5 stars if I could, but since I can't, I am rounding down. I was basically underwhelmed, I expected more from a Herbert Keller restaurant. It was by no means I bad meal or experience...the food was GOOD, not great,...and the wait staff was pleasant as well. I had a 4 course tasting menu of onion soup, a salmon dish, filet mignon in a red wine sauce with black truffle and foie gras, and a deert trio of a peanut butter shake, bailey's ice cream, and the chocolate lava cake...which by the way is really played out, I'm so sick of seeing that lava cake on every damn restaurant's menu. 

I think I ordered wrong...I played it safe and just went with the tating menu, so I blame myself. I would like to try this place again and not let myself be swayed by set tasting menus, because there seems to be some interesting things on that menu. By the way, the place has a very unique look to it....very high ceiling, private cabanas, stone walls, a flower petal sculpture thingy. Nice place.
LOUNGE REVIEW The bottom line: Lovely space, tempting tapas and friendly staff.  4.5 stars.

I just visited Loss Vague Ass for the first time and Fleur de Lys was one of the places I wanted to visit for dinner.  Unfortunately, they were not open (according to my plan) on Monday night...but I was able to visit for happy hour on Tuesday before I took off.  

The food: Truffled Onion Soup Shooters, 4 small porcelain cups served in a wooden basket.  Hot, rich and frothy...not too much truffle flavor but matched extremely well with my well-made sazerac.

Also the Keller Sliders: 2 sand dollar-sized grilled bleu cheese-stuffed sliders on potato buns.  Topped with grilled red onion and beautifully presented with crisp and delicious shoe-string fries.  

The drink: A fairly well-made sazerac (though they had no rye so it was just plain bourbon) with absinthe, bitters, sugar and citrus.  Served over ice (I prefer straight up...but this was good enough).

Can't wait to get back for a full meal!
Go to Restaurant.com to buy a $50 gift certificate for $20 before eating here!

Overall, I was underwhelmed by my dining experience. For the price, I was expecting this place to be great, but instead, it was just decent. The BF and I ordered the 4 course tasting menu, each getting a different option for each course. Overall, some dishes were over salted, and specific components on the plate were luke warm in temperature. 

- The amuse we received tasted like a fish stick. All we could really taste was fried batter. 
- Truffled onion soup: yum 
- Tuna Tartar: mediocre, tasted like something you could get at any decent Japanese restaurant. 
- Veal ravioli: decent, but the sauce was over salted 
- Halibut: the fish was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't a fan of the shellfish chorizo mixture below it 
- Short Ribs: tasty, but the sauce was over salted 
- Fillet Mignon: perfectly cooked, but tasted like something you could get at any good steak house. 
- Peanut Butter shake, Baileys Ice cream, Chocolate-Banana Lava Cake: barely touched the room temperature lava cake, but really enjoyed the salty sweet peanut butter shake, and bailey's ice cream 
- Grand Marnier Souffle and Elderflower Ice Cream: we really only ate the ice cream. The souffle was a bit under cooked, but the ice cream was delicately flavored, perfectly sweetened, and probably one of the best things we ate all night. 

After this experience, and with the plethora of fine dining in LV, there really is no need to return.
Everyone that knows me knows that I have the maddest crush ever on Chef Hubert Keller after watching him on Top Chef Masters.  So when I found out I was going to Vegas for a convention I made reservations oh about 2 months in advance for an early birthday celebration.

Myself and three of my girls showed up for our 730pm reservation and headed to the lounge to wait and order a martini that had Pop Rocks in it as the onlne menu suggested.  Alas, they don't make it anymore which resulted in four ladies saying "Awwwww!" in unison.  But we were seated before even ordering a drink so we didn't have time to be uber-disapponted.

We were seated in the back of the restaurant in a private cabana (although the curtains were not shut).  The restaurant was dimly lit with light Europop music in the background and my first impression was ooooh fancy!  I loved the atmosphere.  On the wall there is also a live flower arrangement made with 3500 individual roses with their own individual water receptacles attached to them.  They replace them every day too...aaaah Chef Keller, so niiiice!

On to the food.  I chose the Elegance menu since you cannot do the Chef's tasting menu unless the entire table does it.  Another friend did the Elegance menu, the other the Lion King three course menu, and the other the vegetarian menu.  We had an amuse bouche to start and it was some sort of fried cod and it was tasty - my friends and I both liked it.  They brought out a separate amuse bouche for the vegetarian friend as well which I thought was a nice touch.  The bread basket was also brought around and I got the foccacia which was so delicious they had to bring the bread basket around again 5 minutes later because we needed more.

First course I had the truffled onion soup with braised duck ragout and truffles.  They bring the bowl out with items placed in the bottom and then the soup is poured on top.  That was some seriously wonderful, creamy onion soup.  I ate every last bit of it and considered sopping up the rest with my bread...or licking it clean with my tongue.

Second course I chose the veal and Yukon Gold potato ravioli with a veal jus sauce.  I thought the ravioli was tasty but I would say perhaps the sauce was a bit too salty but not too salty to eat every last bit of it.

Third course I chose the filet mignon with potato puree, spinach, and wild mushrooms.  The steak was perfectly medium rare and the sauce was divine.  The potato puree looked very festive on the plate - like a potato comma at the top - and tasted as good as it looked.

The last course was dessert which we had to order when we ordered our entrees.  I got the chocolate souffle ($6 supplement) and it was worth the entire trip to Vegas just to eat this.  It comes out looking absolutely perfect and a fleur de lys design is on top in powdered sugar.  The waiters poke a hole in the top and pour the chocolate sauce in.  Then you devour it and the mocha ice cream they served with it while your eyes roll back in your head and you think "Oh sweet baby Jesus, thank you for this excellent dessert!"

As an added bonus the waiter brought out a special birthday dessert for me - I don't even know what it was but they had written Happy Birthday on the plate in chocolate syrup which pleased me to no end.  The manager came around to ask how our evening was and I did have to ask if Chef Keller was there....and...he....wasn't.  Damn - minus one star for the lack of superstar chef meeting!  I didn't get my chance to meet him this time, but I'll definitely stalk him down next trip. hehe

Throughout the dinner the service was excellent.  Our waiter was friendly, funny, and he kept our cocktails filled (Fleurtini if you must know).  Only misstep was perhaps the long lag time between the 2nd and 3rd courses.  Not a big deal since we were just hanging out.

At the end of dinner they bring the ladies a rose from the aforementioned flower art on the wall.  This is meant to win you over after you see how much your dinner was.  HA!  Overall I thought it was worth the money and they only way it could have been better was to get to meet my fave celebrity Chef.
We came to this restaurant with very high expectations based on other reviews, but it was a bit of a disappointment. The waiters were polite, but brought our first course before bringing our cocktails. The main course was substandard - what you would expect from a cheap restaurant. And it was way overpriced. 

The only reason I am giving it two stars is because the first course (onion soup) was very good, and the ambiance is quite pleasing.
Awesome that this should be my first five star review. Maybe it's a celebrity chef sorta thing, but I've been wanting to try this place out since Top Chef Masters. Yeah... maybe I'm a sucker for these sorta things and hey, Hubert Keller probably doesn't even cook there... but hey, the food was excellent!

I went here with my girlfriend to celebrate five months together. I had found gift certificates on Restaurant.com and I thought, hey, why not?

We arrived on time to our 9:00pm reservation all dressed up and were seated immediately in a swank dining room with some mood music and between black curtains. Upon sitting down, though, we realized we had forgotten our gift certificate. Luckily I still had the email on my phone... but would they accept it? I asked our server the next time she came 'round and she wasn't sure, but she would ask her manager. Sure enough... it looked like they wouldn't take it. =/ Oh well... stuff like this happens.

We decided to both go for the elegance menu as it would mean 8 different dishes between the two of us for $79/person. The entrees were around $50 a la carte and the apps were around $20... so, why not do the prix fixe? 

After some delicious bread (rosemary foccacia and honey wheat rolls), we got our amuse busche - tempura cod and potato salad with cayanne creme fraiche. It was pretty cute - sorta like a play on fish and chips =) 

And remember when the manager came by and said he wouldn't take our coupon off email? Well, he came back and suggested something else - if I could send the confirmation email to him, he would print it out and apply it for us. Really? REALLY. AWESOME! There's another star right there!

The rest of the night just went up from there. Here are the highlights:

1st course:
Truffled Onion  Soup with Braised Duck Ragout- my girlfriend definitely won this one. The soup was amazingly creamy and delicious and the duck inside the crepe was just money. *drool*
Ahi Tuna Tartare - This one was alright. I think I've had better tartares before... the fennel was definitely a little different and was good, but not my favorite flavor, I think.

2nd course:
Citrus glazed halibut - the halibut was alright, but what really blew me away was the broccoli puree. I haven't had purees much... I usually don't eat at such fancy places... but this stuff blew my mind. It tasted so freakin' good... like pure essence of broccoli. How the heck did they do that?!
Braised Veal and Yukon Gold Potato Ravioli - This one came out pretty good, too. The potato inside the ravioli was so flavorful... 

3rd Course:
Filet mignon + foie gras and truffles - This was probably THE BEST cooked piece of meat I've EVER eaten - PERFECTLY medium rare - it practically melted in my mouth... and the foie gras... the first time I've had that and the stuff just MELTED over the meat... so freakin' delicious. I'm usually not a fan of liver, but this stuff was just like butter. Paired with the filet, it was AMAZING. Totally worth the extra $25. The mashed potatoes (which was more like a puree) was equally delicious.
Stout Braised Beef Short Ribs - These were really good, too. I have to say that the mustard was my favorite part about it - but again, some of the most tender and well cooked meat I've ever had.

Dessert - 
Chocolate Souffle - Not too shabby.... not a huge chocolate fan, but my girlfriend loved it.
Carrot and cream cheese ice cream sandwich - Carrot cake is great, but this went beyond simple carrot cake. It was simply heavenly. The carrot-pineapple ice cream they served it with was sweet, but not overly so. And I absolutely LOVED the raspberry jam smeared on the side of the ice cream sandwich. *drool* I think if I only had the filet and this for dinner, I would've been completely satisfied.

We were also served a complimentary anniversary dessert - a play on cheesecake with scripted "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate. I'm tellin' yah, service here is tops!

We were also served a Petit four at the end, which came with five little dessert pieces. I think the actual desserts we had were much better... but all the little extras were great =)

All in all, some of the best food we've ever had and excellent service. I sorta wish I took pictures, but I didn't want to look tacky doing it in the dark dining room =P This place is well deserving of my first five star review - and I will definitely want to try the one closer to home some time in the near future =)
I was excited to try Hubert Keller's (of Top Chef fame) famous restaurant in Vegas. I went for the full tasting menu, and, mostly, the food did not disappoint:

Amuse Bouche: Unfortunately, I've forgotten what was served as the amuse - perhaps a testament to the amuse bouche being forgettable. 

Truffled Onion Soup with Duck Ragout and Black Truffles: 2 words = Simply Divine! 5 stars for an excellent dish... I'd come back over and over for this.

Filet Mignon Topped with Sautéed Foie Gras, Black Périgord Truffles, and Red Wine Essence: Another great dish combining 3 of my favorite elements (filet mignon, foie gras, and black truffles). My only complaint was the sauce and foie gras was a bit too salty for my taste. All in all, though, this was worth the additional $25.

Pan Seared Alaskan Halibut with Shiitake "Macaroon", White 

Pan Seared Duck Breast with Chestnut Puree, Onion, and Ginger Gastrique: 4 stars. This was not bad. The puree was an interesting combination in terms of taste + texture. The duck was a bit salty. I liked the presentation of this course.

Passion fruit and coconut sorbet on a streusel crust in a coconut soup with tapioca balls, strawberry, kiwi and plantain: 3 stars. This wasn't bad. It tasted a bit like some Asian desserts I've had before. 

Dessert Trio of Peanut Butter Milkshake + Chocolate Fondant Cake + Canal of Bailey's ice-cream with crushed peanut butter brittle: 3.5 stars. The peanut butter milkshake was a bit too rich, but I liked the Bailey's ice cream. The addition of the crushed peanut butter brittle was a flash of brilliance.

Tray of Chocolates: We finished with a generous assortment of chocolates and truffles on the house. These were not bad but nothing to write home about.

Whew! This was a ton of food.

There were thousands of fresh, pink roses on the wall, which our server said are changed daily. He retrieved and presented me with a pink rose, which I got to keep. 

Service in general, however, wasn't great. I had expected to be pampered a bit more given the price range of the establishment, but our table was somewhat neglected at times. Also, it took almost an hour wait between some courses for the food came out, making for a 3 hour long meal. 

Summary: The truffled onion soup and filet mignon with foie gras are the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars. (Minus one star for service and a few mediocre courses.) Total bill = ~$200 for 2.
We decided to start off the New Year with a good meal and decided to try Fleur De Lys. If the rest of my year is anything like the meal and experience I had here, I'll consider myself lucky. 

As lovers of tasting menus, we decided to go with the full tasting menu that came with 7 courses. We started off with a dungeness crab wrapped in slices of avocado served with a watermelon gazpacho. This was fantastic. The avocado was the perfect compliment for the crab and the watermelon gazpacho offered a light contrast to the savory avocado. The next dish was a tuna tartare served with a ginger ponzu sauce. This had to be the best tuna tartare I have ever had...hands down. The ponzu sauce was spruced up with a hint of ginger and the tuna was perfectly balanced with cucumber strings. The following dish was the Nantucket Bay scallops served with frisee and a tomato confit. The scallops were so moist and flavorful. Generally, my compliant with scallops are that they are too big and lack the sweet, buttery flavor. These scallops had that wonderful flavor and a lot more. The tomato confit was very unique - the tomatoes were skinned and cooked, while maintaining it's shape and was the perfect consistency. The truffled onion soup was served with duck braised ragout and black truffles. I loved the duck braised ragout, but the soup was a little too creamy for my liking. My boyfriend loved it so it may just be a personal preference. I was more interested in the next dish, the veal and Yukon Gold potato ravioli. Wow - this was so wonderful. This dish came with sunchokes and English peas. I loved the consistency of the ravioli, and the veal sauce was mouth watering. The last of the savory dishes as a venison served with huckleberries, mushrooms, brussel sprouts, a potato puree served on a bed of red cabbage. The venison was perfectly cooked - the meat was extremely tender and flavorful. The red cabbage was slightly crunchy and worked perfectly with the meat. I was in heaven. 

For desserts, we had the coconut soup with tapioca, passion fruit sorbet served on a square of banana bread. We also had the chocolate souffle, and poached pears with cinnamon ice cream. The desserts were okay - I feel like I have had better (hence the 4 stars). Overall the service was okay as well. My last comment is that I loved the decor of the restaurant. The vaulted ceilings had drapes going from floor to ceiling which gave the restaurant a very dramatic effect. The huge display of roses at the entrance of the restaurant was breathtaking.
Minus one star because our dessert came out before our entreee, AND they forgot our foie gras :(

I forgot what we had, but my bf and i had the 5 or 6 course tasting menu... The only thing i can remember is the steak with foie gras and truffle... soo good it's a must get! As far as the souffle, Gary Danko was a lot better!

Oh and the wait btw each dish was 15-20 minute, we got kinda antsy....
I had a very pleasant dinner at Fleur de Lys last month but nothing wow'ed me.  I ordered from the $59 prix fixe menu, which includes an appetizer, entree and dessert - all in all, a good value!   

I enjoyed the onion soup, served with shaved truffles and duck.  It was rich and earthy with an unexpected presentation.  Next I had gently heated salmon with juilinee vegetables and a green horseradish sauce.  My salmon was perfectly cooked and the dish looked beautiful, but the sauce, frankly tasted like grass clippings!  Bitter and overpowering.  My friend seemed to enjoy her stout braised short ribs.  The dessert, a "trio of chocolates", was a miss: a dry souffle, a salty peanutbutter shake and Baily's ice cream.  None of the desserts really did it for me.  

I may have expected too much from this place, but hey, it's Hu bert Keller's spot!  Who knows, maybe I caught them on a bad night.  I'd like to return some time and give the regular menu a chance, but with so many INCREDIBLE places to eat in Vegas I can't make any guarantees.

PROS: Great service, Great wine and Reasonable prixe fixe menus. 
CONS: Too many 'miss' dishes for a 4 star
Incredible.  Service was fantastic, a level of service that just isn't quite reached in most restaurants, fine dining or otherwise.  Some of the most polished, yet friendly and approachable I've experienced. 

Food, it goes with out saying on a 5-star review that the food was extraordinary.   We opted for the four course "Elegance" tasting menu and were not disappointed.  The only dish that didn't quite live up to my husbands hopes was a ravioli option, but even that was still very good for something he wouldn't have typically ordered.   I won't go into each option because I imagine the menu changes often, but if you have a chance to try the onion soup, do so, it is incredible.   The final surprise of the night were the incredible desserts!

I very much hope to dine at Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys again.   Hubert just so happened to be there the night we dined and what a very nice, friendly man he is!
Just got back from Vegas (MB) and ended our lovely trip with Fleur de Lys. As a huge Hubert Keller fan, I couldn't wait! 
I have to say, this restaurant really lived up to the type of cuisine Chef Keller is known to produce. I ordered the roasted chicken (go ahead, laugh but it was just amazing). The BF ordered the duck which he gave two very enthusiastic thumbs up to. I had the "dorm mac and cheese" as an app (some may remember he made this during Top Chef Masters). The waitstaff was just amazing - it truly was like a well choreographed dance. Once second you're done, the next your place setting is cleared and a new utensil setting for the next has arrived. 

With a lovely setting, the atmosphere is just beautiful. The acoustics are great - aaaaand... to my surprise, Chef Keller was actually there! The staff says he checks in about 2x a month. They were so nice when I asked for a picture (I know, so touristy) but we got to go into the kitchen and meet him! Was just amazing. 

As a side note, if you plan on going here, take advantage of the $50 restaurant.com coupon - it made the meal totally affordable.
I was looking forward to eating here after seeing the reviews and it did not disappoint.  My wife and I both ordered the pre-show pix fix.  Bread was brought to our table quickly, there were several options but we ended up with the pretzel bread and foccacia.  While it was good, I was slightly disappointed that it was cold.

We both started off with the Truffled Onion Soup with braised duck crepe and onion/balsamic puree.  The soup was frothy but hearty and satisfying, a solid first course.

For the next course, I had the Gently Heated Alaskan King Salmon in a chive bouillon.  This salmon was cooked perfectly, it was slightly rare in the center and perfectly seasoned.  The chive bouillon and baby carrots/turnips were integrated nicely.  My wife had the stout braised beef short ribs with leek fondue, whole grain mustard and cornichons.  I had a few bites of this and even though it was a meat and potatoes dish, I was impressed with the quality.

For dessert, my wife ordered the grand-marnier souffle and I had the celebration of chocolate.  The celebration of chocolate included 3 small dessert portions of bailey's gelato, chocolate cake, and peanut butter milkshake.  Needless to say dessert was excellent.

If you're looking to treat yourself for dinner then you should consider Fleur de Lys.  Don't forget to get a gift-certificate from restaurant.com.  I only found out the next day that these GCs were available and had I thought to check would have saved me a few bucks.  Oh well....there's always next time!
Exceptional restaurant by Top Chef Hubert Keller. Took my bf here for his birthday a couple of weeks ago. The food and service was superb. 
 
What we ordered: 
Three out of the four of us ordered the three course elegance prix fixed menu which included 4 courses. My bf ordered ala carte. 
 
BREAD BASKET: Good selection of bread. My faves were the focaccia and the pretzel bread. 

SALAD:  Fresh and tasted great. 

TRUFFLE ONION SOUP-Braised Duck Crêpe, Red Wine Shallot Purée, Black Truffle. This was definitely very good...tasted very decadent and hearty. 

AHI TUNA TARTARE:  The ahi tuna tasted fresh and the ginger ponzu sauce added a little kick to the dish.

CHORIZO WRAPPED SUZUKI SEA BASS:  This was a superb dish. Sea bass was cooked very well, melted in your mouth.

BRAISED VEAL AND YUKON GOLD POTATO RAVIOLI: The last time I had veal, I didn't really like it. But this time it was actually pretty good. 

STOUT BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIBS: Soft and tender. Very good but I must say my bf and two other friends ordered the prime filet and that was definitely the better of the two dishes. 

PRIME FILET MIGNON TOPPED WITH SAUTÉED FOIE GRAS: This was definitely the best dish of the night. The meat just melted in your mouth and the foie gras was superb!!! The dish also had truffle in it which was an added bonus. 

Dessert Trio of Peanut Butter Milkshake + Chocolate Fondant Cake + Canal of Bailey's ice-cream with crushed peanut butter brittle: My friend wasn't too impressed with this dish..tried a little bit and thought it was ok,nothing spectacular. 

Chocolate souffle: This was actually really good. Decadent and was perfect with the ice cream.

Carrot cake with a pineapple sorbet: Carrot cake was moist and the sorbet was not too tart. 

Since it was my bf's bday they brought out a dessert dish that had happy birthday on it with a candle..yay happy birthday bf!!! They also gave us 4 small dishes of appetizers; complimentary of the chef  and was pretty good. Unfortunately I forgot what its called though. 

Dog Point Pinot Noir: This was a very good Pinot from New Zealand. Soft bodied and a little more fruity in taste. 

Overall the experience was great. Deducted a point just for the affordability factor. We got $50 deducted from our bill because we used a certificate I got from restaurant.com. Total for 4 people 650 including tip and the $50 deduction. Definitely not cheap and will take a chunk out of your wallet but I have to say it was well worth a try. Also, plan on staying for a least two hours for dinner. Our reservation was at 7pm and we didn't leave till 9PM, that's with us rushing our server a bit because we had a show to attend at 930. So word of advice, plan accordingly if you have something planned after dinner.
My husband and I were walking through Mandalay Bay and we happened to walk by Fleur de Lys. We stopped to browse the menu and noticed a monitor nearby showing clips of Hubert Keller competing on Top Chef Masters. Being big fans of the show we were instantly sold. The big pull for us was the fact that prix fixe menu came with the ability to order wine pairings. I wish all restaurants did this, seriously. We canceled our reservation at Aquaknox to make room in our foodie itinerary to eat here. 

We both ordered the Elegance prix fixe with wine pairings. Each course came with a half glass of wine. We also received a sparking rose immediately after ordering which was a great way to start off the evening. (I should note that there is a less expensive prix fixe called Top Chef Masters but the menu did not indicate that there was a wine pairing option available.) 

I was extremely happy with the food here as was my husband. I highly recommend ordering the wine pairings with the prix fixe as the sommelier is truly talented at choosing wines that enhance the flavors of the food. For each course there is a choice of 2 to 3 dishes and my husband and I chose a wide variety of dishes. We each drank completely different wines as a result and got to enjoy the flavors of twice as many dishes. It was great!!  

We did notice another couple there sharing a prix fixe so if you are on a budget I am sure its not a problem. There is a small lounge in the front that has a tapas menu. If we didn't eat in the restaurant we probably would have considered a few cocktails and tapas in the lounge. 

This place is not for rowdy groups. Almost every single party was a couple on a date and the place was pretty mellow. There was a group of loud, drunk businessmen at the table next to us and I could tell every party nearby was really annoyed with them for disturbing the rest of us. 

One funny thing I noticed is that they play live music at across the way. It was like a Rock Band tribute band over there starting at about 10pm. We could tell the hosts were trying very hard to make sure the door stayed closed since the sound was very loud. I didn't mind, but others might find the music disturbing. We were there on a Saturday so they might not have the music during the week or for those dining early.
Rich. Decadent. Extravagant. Those are some pretty good adjectives to describe Fleur de Lys. The restaurant is gorgeous and is a great setting for the amazing food they serve. I made reservations through Open Table and indicated that I wanted a table in a secluded, intimate part of the restaurant to celebrate a birthday. They obliged, seating us at a 2-top behind the curtains, right next to the private 'cabana' seating. It made for a perfectly romantic setting.

We both ordered the 'Elegance' tasting menu with wine pairings.

//AMUSE BOUCHE//
- Tempura cod with potatoes and creme fraiche

Crispy on the outside, delicate on the inside. Great way to start the meal. Since we got the wine pairing, it also came with some sparkling wine.

//FIRST COURSE//
- Truffled onion soup with duck ragout and black truffles
- Ahi tuna tartar with fennel slaw and ginger ponzu sauce

The soup was rich and creamy and the duck ragout was delicious. The tuna tartar was very good but I wasn't a huge fan of the fennel slaw. It gave the dish a little bit of an earthy taste and took away from the taste of the tuna, in my opinion. But, I'm no chef so who am I to second guess Hubert's recipe.

//SECOND COURSE//
- Pumpkin risotto with pecans
- Chorizo stuffed sea bass

The risotto was one of the best dishes of the night, although I'm partial to anything that's pumpkin flavored. The sea bass was very good. The cut of fish was very meaty, flaky, and delicious and the chorizo provided a little kick. The wine it was paired with (a Gruner, I believe) was a perfect compliment. It was the best pairing of the night.

//THIRD COURSE//
- Stout braised short ribs
- Filet mignon with foie gras and truffles

The filet was cooked perfectly (medium), was very tender, and not overly seasoned. I ordered the foie gras with it even though I'm not a big fan -- maybe the idea of force feeding a duck to make it's liver tender for my benefit is a turn-off for me. Although, obviously, it didn't bother me enough to prevent me from getting it. I do have to say that the foie gras was unbelievably soft and buttery. Thank you, Mr. Duck for sacrificing your organs in order to satisfy my appetite. Your life was clearly worth the $25 extra I had to pay for your liver and the truffles. All in all, it was a very good course. The epitome of a rich, decadent dish.

As good as the filet was, the short ribs were even better, in my opinion. I know, I'm crazy... how could they be better than a filet w/ foie gras and truffles? I'm not sure, but I just enjoyed the flavor of the short ribs more than the filet. Probably because it was braised in beer. It was definitely my favorite dish.

//FOURTH COURSE//
- Carrot cake with pineapple sorbet
- Chocolate soufflé
- White chocolate ganache

The desserts were good, but nowhere near as good as the other courses. The carrot cake was the best of the three. The white chocolate was rich, creamy and smooth. The soufflé was my least favorite. It's meant to be light, but it was too light for my tastes and was a little bitter and not sweet enough. A decent dish but not one that I would get again.

We finished the meal with some petite fours. Among them was a peanut butter one that was very sweet and delicious. The others were largely forgettable. But they were complimentary, so I can't really complain.

The service was excellent. While our server wasn't the most personable waiter I've had, he did a good job at managing our dining experience. Water glasses were never empty, dishes were cleared quickly, and our place settings were set promptly. The food runners did an exceptional job at explaining dishes when they were brought to the table. When we placed our orders at the beginning of the meal our server said that the wine pairings would be 2oz. each. But, thankfully he was a little generous with the pour, each time giving us about 4-5 oz. per glass.

So, how much did this meal set me back? um... $410.60, including the tip for the two of us.
Enjoyed the Elegance Menu with Wine Pairings. Service was slow to start it took sometime to be waited on, bread service was sluggish and we waited a long time for an amuse bouche. So, we mentioned something to our waiter, we told him we had time restraints. He was quick to apologize and the rest of the meal flowed nicely and timely.

Truffled Onion Soup with duck ragout got us started. And Chardonnay was the selected pairing. Both were delicious.

2nd course followed, with gently heated salmon with apple rosemary puree, it was beautifully prepared. It was paired with Pinot Grigio.

Veal and potato ravioli wasn't the most striking dish, but it made up for what it lacked in looks with flavor. It was paired with a lovely Pinot Noir.

Alaskan halibut and mussels. It was fresh and nicely done.

Moving onto the main course, Filet and short rib each were served with a vegetable puree. All were quite good. Wine pairings were Chianti and Cabernet Sauvignon.

Desserts followed, chocolate soufflé ($6 upcharge), carrot cake with pineapple sorbet, and a dessert trio. The cake and sorbet were unmemorable but the peanut butter with baileys milkshake was delicious. I could've drank those all day and night. A Port was served with the soufflé and the other was a dessert wine, I cannot remember it's name; it was similar to, but far less cloying than Moscato.

We were brought the check, petite fours and I was given a pink rose, taken from the piece on the wall. Of all the sweet treats it was the gummy lychee treat that left a lasting impression, The final tab was around $430 before tip (3 elegance menus and two wine pairings).

It was quite enjoyable, but it's not one we'll be repeating. While everything was done well, nothing raised the culinary bar so to speak.
Delicious after dinner cocktails. White Chocolate martinis, caramel and coffee deliciousness. Kinda pricey, but yummy.
Simply wonderful! I have nothing negative to say about this restaurant. The service, food, and ambiance was nothing but lovely. I would recommend ordering the "Top Chef" tasting menu.
I wished upon a star that I would have been impressed even more with Fleur de Lys, but the touch and go execution and less than five star caliber service made this Top Chef Masters Vegas outpost fall short of a fifth.

For a fancy French restaurant, I was impressed with the understated elegance of the space.  Gorgeous floor to ceiling curtains add a soft contrast to the rose adorned stone wall.  The wine cellar on the second floor is definitely eye catching, but again, nothing over the top.  I wasn't a huge fan of the narrow, cramped lounge area in the front where we were asked to wait for our table.  The "patio" bar seating area outside the restaurant is less than stellar unless you like people walking up to your table to read the menu that's right in front of your table.  Past 10pm, you can hear the live band playing from across the hall, which I imagine can get a little annoying if you're there for an intimate dinner.

The four course tasting menu certainly had its highlights.  The truffled onion soup is the star of the tasting menu.  This is a masterfully executed dish - this is coming from a guy who's not a huge fan of onions either.  Flavors are delicately balanced.  Five stars.  I'm a short ribs fanatic and I have to admit I was not very impressed with my dish. The potato and carrot puree was incredible, but the short ribs was a bit tough and stringy on the outside - not fork tender.  I'd say 3.5 stars.  My friends ordered souffle - top drawer.  The salted fondit chocolate cake and popcorn ice cream was intriguing - if you like salty sweet flavors combined together.  On average, the food was 4 stars,

The execution of the dishes and particularly the service is where Fleur de Lys falls short of its five star reputation.  My friend's bacon wrapped seabass was cold and so she waited while we finished our second course before her replacement dish came out.  I understand these things happen, but this is a JV mistake at a varsity level restaurant.  Some of my fellow yelpers commented on the lackluster service.  We definitely felt that.  Beautifully prepared plates were destroyed due to poor presentation by the servers.  Dishes were nearly dropped.  Service felt too clinical, lacking in any warmth.  The bright star of course was the sommelier who offered a great wine pick from the menu.  Otherwise, I'd rate the service a 3.

For the most accurate gauge, I'd say the original SF outpost for a taste of Fleur de Lys' true potential.  Vegas outpost isn't bad at all, but it's not five star worthy in my book.
I'd actually give it 3.5 stars, if I could.

My husband and I dined at Fleur de Lys for my most recent "29"th birthday. We enjoyed a Sazerac and a Manhattan in the lounge, both well prepared.

We were seated a few minutes early, by a very pleasant and accomodating hostess. We had a wonderful table. The interior is simply gorgeous.

Our server greeted us promptly. We didn't need menus, as the Vegetarian Tasting had been ordered in advance, although menus were presented. We made our server aware of our preference and off he went. We'd wanted to order a bottle of champagne, but it wasn't until our first course was served that our waiter was around to do so. Then we waited...and waited...and waited. 

First course: Vidalia onion cream soup- amazingly rich, intense onion flavor, just perfect

Second course: Frisee and hearts of palm salad with pistachio nuts and oil- crisp and bitter, loved the briny palm

Third course: Artichoke hearts, carrots and asparagus in vegetable parmesan broth- light, flavorful broth, nicely al dente veggies, a tad boring

Fourth course: Pumpkin risotto with ginger foam- rich, earthy risotto, foam had zero flavor 

Dessert: Tapioca pool, mini banana breads, passion fruit sorbet, kiwi, strawberry, fried plantains- delicious, even though none of the flavors seemed to go together- kind of bizarre, but totally enjoyable

Besides the initial difficulty ordering champagne, we had to beg for bread. The bread server passed our table multiple times, skipping us over and over. We asked both our server and the runner for some bread, yet no bread for us. When the bread guy finally came over, he asked if we'd like "more" bread. We replied that we'd like "some" bread. He apologized, and doled out the killer pretzel rolls.

We were interested in ordering a Super Tuscan for the entrees, but I wasn't familiar with any of their offerings. I asked for the sommelier. When he arrived, I asked him to tell me which Tuscan had a high amount of Sangiovese, as my husband likes it. He was clueless. We chose our own wine. The markup was reasonable by Vegas standards, although most of their wine prices made me laugh out loud. $90 for Gruet Rose? That's a $12 bottle.

Our meal was about $600. I have no problem spending money on a great dinner, and the food was remarkable. The service left quite a bit to be desired. I left under 20% for the first time in my life.
We love staying at Mandalay Bay and a quiet evening spent dining at Fleur de Lys always makes our Vegas trip complete.

This is the second time I have eaten at Fleur de Lys, and it only gets better. (Of course I haven't had to pay the bill which was close to $400 plus tip)

The atmosphere is wonderful and is the perfect escape from the neon lights of Vegas.  Dining at Fleur de Lys makes me feel like a queen.  I love the outstanding service and the surroundings are elegant and relaxing.

During our most recent experience the sommelier offered several suggestions to accompany our tasting menu and each was perfectly paired with the entrees.  I enjoyed a fruity Pinot Noir and had a few sips of a red, but stopped there since I'm not much of a drinker.

The food seemed to just keep coming and the only entree I passed on was the foie gras since I will not touch it for ethical reasons, but my dining companion said it was the best ever.
  
We started with a mixed green salad with polenta and the Truffle Onion Soup, both excellent.  I was almost full by the time I sampled the bread basket which was amazing in itself.  I could have eaten the pretzel bread and focaccia along with the salad and soup and been very satisfied.

The other courses included a sampling of lobster and scallops, braised beef short ribs and pan seared duck breast.  My companion also ordered a sampling of Ahi Tuna Tartare.  Every course had unique flavors that worked together like an orchestra performing in my mouth.  Side dishes included white asparagus and fingerling fries.  Although I was full I couldn't pass up tasting each dish, and my companion lucked out since they scored half my dinner.  Ah, but there was a method to my madness since I was saving room for dessert.

We enjoyed a cheese sampling and fruit along with the chocolate soufflé and some brittle.  

I can't wait to go back this spring, hopefully with my 21 year old in tow. 
Fleur de Lys is definitely on my short list of favorite restaurants.
So very good. I have no difficulty giving this place five stars. My big disappointment here, no warm bread, thats worse thing I can say about this meal and the bread was good.

We were sat in one of the back, velvet draped rooms, quite posh.  It was quiet but there was still the comforting white noise of the restaurant in the background.  The service was spot on everything was timed perfectly.  There was a complimentary amuse bouche, the truffled onion soup was very good, the souffle was not the best I have had but still nice.  

The thing I really remember though, was the stout braised short rib.  The others at the table had lobster and filet mignon and while those were good, the short ribs were great.  I wont try and describe, I have neither the words nor the incliination try them for yourself.  A great meal for sure.
All I can say is that, if you're looking for a cordon bleu fine dining experience, try Fleur de Lys. It's french cooking to another level, with superb service in a very nice modern & sensual ambience. 
there is so much detail to everything that you'd just have to experience it for yourself..... my experience was no different than most others who gave it 5stars... i can't wait to go back....
After watching Top Chef Masters and routing for Chef Keller, I wanted to check out his restaurant. The Top Chef special tasting menu was over at 7pm so I was bummed that I couldn't check it out.  However, our waiter was nice enough to offer some of the dishes on it if we wanted. However we went with the tasting menu. 

TRUFFLED ONION SOUP
Braised Duck Crêpe, Red Wine Shallot Purée, Black Truffle
-nice and tasty
CHORIZO WRAPPED SUZUKI SEA BASS
Piperade, Barley Risotto, Caramelized Chorizo Sauce
- very interesting flavors. 
STOUT BRAISED BEEF SHORTRIBS
Root Vegetable Puree, Whole Grain Mustard, Cornichons
-yum, melt in my mouth shortribs but I was quite full by now
22 STAR BUFFET TASTING
Earl Grey Flavored Crème Brulee, Ginger Bread Verrine, Chocolate-Lemon Tart
-my favorite was the early grey creme brulee. I was very full so I couldn't finish it up.
I try not to give out too many 5 stars, not because I'm a snob [although I kind of am when it comes to food], but it's because those 5 stars to me, speak of something special.  And Fleur de Lys is something special.  I've never been to Hubert Keller's flagship restaurant in San Francisco, so I have nothing to compare this to, but I can compare it to other places I've been.  This place rocks.

The 4 course prix fix menu was, for me, the way to go.  Yes, it was expensive [$89 w/o drinks], but let's think about this:  If you're going to Fleur de Lys, you almost have to forget about the price.  For 2-3 hours, you just have to get that out of your head and relax.  The 4 courses:

Truffle Onion Soup
Chorizo Wrapped Sea Bass
Braised Short Ribs with Guiness Reduction
Warm Chocolate Fondant Cake

The menu built quite a crescendo until you're knocked out by the decadent chocolate molton lava cake.  The start of the dinner was not light, by any means, but as he courses built, the flavors got more intense and the richness was there without being overpowering.

Great, great restaurant.  One of the best in Vegas.

Yes, it's pricey.  And if you're expecting them to feed you and dab the corners of your mouth with the money you spend, it would be understandable.  But I really have to say that this was an extraordinary dinner and for 2-3 hours, I just didn't let the prices bother me.  I just played few less hours of slots and poker. :)
I ate there Friday, February 12.  

I was looking forward to this experience since seeing the chef in action on Top Chef Masters.

I can truly say, this restaurant is a MUST.  OMG, it was truly a spectacular experience. 

I had the luxury 4 course pre fix dining menu and my husband had the lobster.  His lobster, we both agreed was the most delicious lobster we have ever had.  My meal started with the most magnificent Truffled Onion Soup.  It was perfect.  Then I had the chorizo stuffed sea bass.  It was the perfect combination.  At first I thought the chorizo would overpower the fish, but it was the right combination, it was well balanced.  I then had the BEST filet mignon ever, it was amazing.  The perfect finish was the chocolate souffle, which I am serious, I could not eat it standing up.  Truly a magnificent experience and exceeded all my expectations.  it is a bit pricey, but worth every penny.
OK compared to other "upscale" restaurants this is a 3, compared to any type of restaurant it's a 3.5.
I really liked the foie gras, especially the terrine. The chorizo wrapped sea bass was forgettable, the duck confit was good but served with bok choy that didn't add anything to the course. The lobster was either overcooked or just not cooked the right way.
I should have known when we walked in and there were only 3 other tables dining...

The service was snobby and horrible.  The server acted like she was too good to be serving us and we only saw her when she took our order and brought us our bill.  The food was completely overpriced for the quantity or quality.  My scallops were $42, I think there were a total of 2 scallops.  Come on, I grew up working in the restaurant industry so talk about ripoff!  We ordered the chocolate souffle at the beginning of dinner as instructed so we wouldn't have to wait, but we still did, an additional 20 minutes for dessert.  Even though I would have ordered more wine our server was too busy to be bothered so I didn't.  BAD, BAD, BAD...  

Next time I'll take my $250 and dine anywhere else in Vegas and probably get better food and service than at this joint.
I am giving Fleur de Lys only three stars because I expected so much more -- you can get a more innovative and fantastic meal for the same price elsewhere in Vegas. My mother and I arrived a bit earlier than our reservation, so we had a seat at the bar for a pre-dinner cocktail. While I normally start with a straight gin martini, my eye was caught by the cucumber martini, with house-made cucumber-infused vodka. So I ordered it, and was horrified to watch the bartender pull out a plastic jug from the refrigerator and dump a green liquid directly into a (not chilled) martini glass and hand it to me. To me, this is unacceptable at a high-end restaurant. Drinks should not be pre-mixed, and a martini should be chilled, not refrigerator temperature. On top of that, the drink tasted like juice.

Onto dinner. For the most part, it was perfectly nice. Not spectacular, but very nice. I had a fixed price menu (not the $65 early bird menu, but the regular fixed price menu). The truffled onion soup to start was very nice, though I thought it could have used a bit of salt, which was not provided. This is a bit of a pet peeve of mine -- I appreciate that chefs theoretically are making their meal exactly as you should eat it, and so I always try it their way first, but taste buds are different (and, let's be honest, some nights the chef might be off his game). That said, the soup had a braised duck crepe in it that was wonderful. 

My next course was a ravioli (I can't remember exactly what the filling was), which was much tastier and seasoned properly, with a lovely rich sauce. Then i had a steak, which was of really exceptional quality and melted in my mouth. Nothing special about the steak preparation -- sauce wasn't particularly amazing, but the quality was great and it was cooked perfectly. Dessert was good, not great.

To reiterate, the food was really very good, just not worth the price, in my opinion. Service was impeccable, and the manager was incredibly helpful when I had forgotten my restaurant.com gift certificate, in that he was happy to take the number of the certificate off of my iphone in lieu of the hard copy. He wasn't obligated to do that, and I really appreciated it.
Food was good but the wait was not. As an invited guest to the hotel I expected to be seated at a decent time, 3 hours later we we're finally seated. That being said, the food was amazing enough to make me forget why I was angry for waiting. 

We had the chiefs tasting menu, solid choice but it was way too much food. There were so many dishes I really dont remember what we ate that night. Yes I know, useless review.
it was my 2nd night in las vegas and i have already had 2 great meals...dim sum for lunch and restaurant charlie (palazzo) the night before...i was crossing my fingers and hoped that my good luck continued...and it did...from the decor, to the service, and especially the food...excellent...

upstairs wine tasting room
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=VwYZgUptInNaHaJ-Ceryow

candle holder designed by stanlee gatti
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=gLdCnZ5OjDwJ0hdlgPCYDQ

random shot of the ladie's restroom sitting area
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=NAngl1yw7rPwfbHxM5V9sA

champagne coctail
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=Fk1AfWdbpVKPl38xD7uvig

rosemary focaccia
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=G4GL0jyBuHcI0FZ5sD_hSQ

amuse bouche: lobster tempura, warm potato salad with crème fraîche
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=VBNxfNxX-TbNzP2K5jDXBA

truffled onion soup: braised duck crêpe, red onion purée, black truffle:  a creamy onion soup...one of my favs of the night...beware:  it is effin' HOT
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=IAiX93Y7-vaJ6YNM6yhD1Q

ahi tartare: shaved fennel, finger ponzu, fennel seed tuile:  light, refreshing, and crisp...yummissimo
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=vlg7FfuY-StoXPLWk_yGxA

braised veal and yukon gold potato ravioli: sunchokes, english peas and pea shoots:  very good, but not enough veal
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=CAwJKErHRqfKCu7jVJuc3A

prime filet mignon: baby spinach, wild mushrooms, baby carrots, red wine reduction:  cooked perfectly to medium rare
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=4lHMUG0Ing2fmKR08MlibA

stout braised beef short ribs: root vegetable puree, whole grain mustard, cornichons:  nada especial...
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=UqNb1qoYMHV65_3E_kbMpQ

citrus glazed monkfish filet:  clams, mussels, chorizo, young broccoli florets:   again, not that special
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=S7EZHbmL2Ih_cBoIeByF1A

chocolate soufflé expresso ice cream
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=RzS9ZCcJbFHdvvuPH3wXmA

bailey's ice cream, dark molten chocolate cake with roasted bananas, and peanut butter shake
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=Au5WV9JVjtAEq49udMkixw

petit fours:
house made marshmallow,cocoa dusted almonds, canelé de bordeaux, nougat, pomegranate pâtes de fruits
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=XzMol4FCBhzpjYBDSGFPAQ

i only gave 4 stars bc i wasn't too impressed with our main course...the braised short ribs and the monkfish...the desserts were very good, but a little too rich...loved the petit fours...especially the pomegranate pâtes de fruits...mmm

definite las vegas top 10!
Fantastic food and great service. My boyfriend took me here as a birthday surprise. We're both big fans of Top Chef, and now fans of Hubert Keller. This was the best meal I've ever had. The filet mignon's texture was nothing like I've ever had. No knife needed.... barely even a fork needed :) Our waiter was superb and brought out each dish in a timely matter. I loved the Gently Heated Salmon! Try it! :)
Let us start with a preface that of course this would be a top notch eatery, what separates lots of places at this level is detail. Hubert Keller is a master of detail, a pure French romantic. I won't cover the cuisine as lots of other review have and will, its top notch. What I will cover is how special this place makes you and your date feel. 

We had every detail in a tasting menu that we sampled, tabled side Absinthe service, 4 members of wait-staff within arms reach at most any time. The staff was wise enough to seat a few larger party groups away from us (clearly a couple, other couples were seated near us) .

Fine details were the perfection of this place, the wall has a very interesting piece of art on it that after inspection is made of roses. Real ones, live ones, and after your dinner they pluck one and give it to your lady. 

I have not eaten all over Vegas, I have eaten all over the country, and this is one of the best meals I have ever had.
Absolutely STUNNING.  The service was perfection.  Attentive, informative, and lovely without being TOO attentive and disrupting conversation.

The food, as everyone has said, was just as good as it gets.  I'm not going to put up my pics, as it seems there are already pics of all the dishes we had.  However we both went with the 4-course tasting menu, and each chose a different one so that we could taste nearly everything.  It was all AMAZING, but the winners were:

Onion soup.  Nectar of the gods.  Rich, onion-y, creamy, truffle-y.  Manna-like.

Filet minon.  The mashed potatoes that came with it tasted like butter, and when we asked, the server told that that's because they use 60% potato to 40% butter!  Holy god!  The steak was probably the best I have EVER had.  The sear was gorgeous, and they told us they sear it in butter first, sous vide it, then sear again.  I gotta try that at home, but first I need to borrow my brother's Foodsaver vacuum sealer...

Another winner was the fish (I think it was halibut, can't remember) wrapped in chorizo with the chorizo and barley risotto.

And both desserts were amazing.  The cream cheese ice cream in the carrot cake sandwich was to die for, as was their chocolate cake and peanut butter shake.

They comped us 2 glasses of dessert wine, which was very nice, and brought us a special dessert with "Happy Birthday" written beautifully in chocolate on it, in honor of our celebration.

Thanks, Fleur de Lys!  Not an every day dinner for us, but AMAZING for a celebration.  For 4-course tasting only for two people inc. tax and tip came to a bit over $200.
At first I was apprehensive about this restaurant because of others exclaiming how expensive it is. $500 for 2 people? Geez. The website is no help to get an overview of prices. Well, it's just as expensive as any upscale restaurant with entrees starting at $49. The ambiance is lovely but I wasn't overly impressed, (like at Hank's where the chandaliers and glassed fire mesmerizes you.) I selected the Top Chef Master's menu, with the Lobster soup, Filet Mignon, and assortment of desserts. The portions are small but while you're waiting they bring an assortment of great (though not warm or soft) bread to enjoy. The Kobe I received with the Filet was to DIE for!!! I'd say that made my whole meal. I didn't order any alcohol or wine with dinner as I discovered the markup is astronomically insulting. If you don't order alcohol, you'll save hundreds of dollars. Save it for after dinner at one of the hundreds of bars scattered throughout the Strip! The service was attentive and they were all very knowledgable. 

If you're thinking about getting the cabana for the extra $150...don't. If it were outside or with an amazing view of something it would be worth it. But we laughed when we saw its really only a glorified booth with a giant mirror and curtains. However it would be more ideal to accomodate a party larger than 6 as the restaurant tables seem only to fit a maximum of 6 people. 

I would return again, but it wouldn't be my absolute first pick.
Absolutely amazing restauraunt. It is very well sound-proofed so that when you walk in past the noise of the casino you'd think you are miles away. It is quiet, softly lit. Lots of earth tones and a very very high ceiling make the space absolutely beautiful.

The menu offers a wide range of food and values. The Prix fixe menu is a great value at about $80 a person, compared to the regular menu prices. If you've never had a fine dining experience, this is the place to splurge. The food was absolutely fantastic. One of the most memorable meals of my life.

We ordered from the 4 course prix fixe menu, every course was presented beautifully with a detailed explanation of the preparation of each item. They even threw in a surprise free 5th bite-size course. The breads are so delicious. The deserts were fantastic. The wines were very good and the selection varied. 

At the time of this writing you could get a $50 gift certificate from restaurants.com which increases the value substantially. Not sure how long they will keep doing that however.

Overall, one of the very best restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of patronizing.
Wow what a surprise! Aureole was closed next door and we needed a quick dinner. This was an amazing surprise. Id return here again before Aurole which i have since visited and reviewed.. Killer steak - get it. Ill be back!
5 stars for the filet mignon.  I was thinking that maybe it was the 5 drinks I had before dinner but my wife agreed and said this was one of the top 3 filets she had ever eaten.  How did they cook it so well and different from every other place we've been?

I wasn't that big on the atmosphere..I didn't think it was that romantic but I did appreciate the whole "tucked away" factor.  And is the menu even really that French? Who cares!!  Get the filet and be happy.
Never had foie gras before or black truffles straight up, both were presented well and the flavors really popped.  

We went for the signature tasting which was comprised of six courses.  Our waiter asked us if there was anything particular on the menu that popped out and I requested some foie.  It came three ways and my favorite was the seared piece accompanied by an apple puree. It was pretty much to die for! 
The venison with huckleberry and cabbage and mashed potatoes on the side was very tasty as well. 

The best dish of the night was the braised short ribs with guiness and mustard seeds. It was really amazing and i am salivating just remembering it.
After suffering defeat at the craps table in Mandalay Bay, Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys provided a safe retreat from the dangerous gambling hallows.

Probably one of the most sophisticated and chic dining rooms, Fleur de Lys boasted a a delicious menu and a supremely elegant dining environment. Adorned on the wall are 3,000 pink roses that are changed every 2-3 days. High ceilings, cascading curtains, and dimly lit candles make you forget that you're on the Vegas strip and a bustling casino is only 20 paces away.

We started with the truffled onion soup accompanied by braised duck crepe, red wine shallot puree, and black truffle. The soup was decadent, a thick and savory blend of caramelized onions and truffles. To only add to the richness of the meal, we also ordered the braised veal and yukon gold potato ravioli with sunchokes and English peas. The two appetizers were an excellent way to begin our sumptous French meal.

My boyfriend opted for the 18 oz. bone-in prime rib eye steak and I chose the free-range Sonoma Valley roast chicken. The steak was a juicy medium rare in a red wine shallot reduction and was served with creamed spinach and marble potatoes. Classic steak dinner with a French twist. The chicken was sliced thinly and was very moist and tender - almost a sous vide quality to it. It came with a shallot confit, black trumpet mushrooms, and crispy green cabbage. The delicateness of the protein accompanied by the earthiness of the mushrooms and texture contrast of the cabbage yielded a perfectly balanced dinner.

Fleur de Lys was the perfect way to begin our Vegas vacation and helped us lick our wounds from the dice throwing decimation.
Wow ... truly a must experience. I got chills three times while eating here. Once for the ahi Tartar, twice for the filet mignon and third for wrapped. Chorizo ... which I did not know was French but I guess after Mexico's defeat of them they retreated back with a little recipe. Either way I loved the atmosphere and attentive staff.
We recently were going to eat in this restaurant but first wanted to try their advertised Happy Hour.  They advertise 2 for one drinks and on Friday only they advertise Complimentary Appetizers.  What a joke!  Now the happy hour starts at 5:00 p.m.  We got there are at 5:30 p.m. We found out that there are only a list of about 6 drinks that you can order for the 2 for 1.  No wine or beer included in 2 for 1 special.  So, instead of paying $15.00 for a drink, you are paying $8.00!!! Still expensive.  Next thing is they didn't put the "complimentary appetizer" out until 6:00 p.m.  Would you like to hear what "it" was?.......POPCORN!  Are they kidding????? False advertising and I decided....I don't think I'm having dinner here.  I can imagine what dinner might have been like!  I paid $16.00 for a small glass of bad tasting wine and we will never go back....too many other great places to go to in Las Vegas and this is NOT one of them.
Perfectly romantic place, with flawless service and impeccable atmosphere.  You have a bevvy of people coming out to entice you with an amuse-bouche, explain it and on cue suggest a wine.  The food is good, only shadowed by the fact that we went to Aureole the night before, where the Michelin-ranked there cuisine is the star.  But who can pass up a chance to go to Hubert KEller's restaurant.  I will go back next year.
One of my good friends was in town last night and we decided to try Fleur de Lys.

I loved the ambiance although it was a little quiet and after a few glasses of wine, I'm not :)

We both had the prime filet mignon done medium and it was melt in your mouth awesome! I'd list it in my top 5 of all the filets I've ever had. It came with spinach, pureed potatoes (which were amazing), carrots and mushrooms. All very tasty. 

The plates were super cute! I wish my purse was big enough because I would have jacked them but sssssh that's our secret.

Wine list was pretty pricey so we chose the Iberian Remix Red (around $50) which is a tempranillo from the Central Coast of California. It was fabulous. Great suggestion by the manager/sommelier.

Only thing I didn't like was around 10:15, we hadn't placed our order yet. We were pretty much forced to order even though there were other HUGE groups which had just been seated/hadn't ordered yet. Why were we rushed and they weren't? After my friend and I were all done, we still had full glasses of wine and were talking the night away. The check came and we laid it down on the table and put a tiny dish on top of it so she knew we weren't done. Our server had the nerve to come by and take it while we were still sitting there drinking our wine. I found that to be extremely rude. It's not like we were the last ones there... anyway, the food and drinks were a little pricey but what else would you expect from Hubert Keller? 

Great experience overall although I'll probably come back when my pockets are a little fatter :)

Oh and we got a complimentary dessert of little sweet bites of different things. Nice touch, Hubert.
We came here for our "splurge" dinner in Vegas. Although we intended to order the 3 course menu for $45, we ended up really splurging for the $90 menu and were not disappointed.  Everything was excellent, especially the tuna tartare, the filet mignon and the chocolate souffle dessert.  I could go on and on about how perfect each course was, but suffice it to say that everything is excellent and nothing disappointed.  

Here's what I really appreciated about our dinner at Fleur de Lys--the little extra touches.  The amuse bouche.  The frequency with which the bread selections came around (we eventually sampled all 6 different types of bread and all were delish).  The excellence of the house wine.  The complimentary mini pastries made by their pastry chef.  They really go the extra mile here to make sure the experience is worthwhile.  My only complaint is that the service is a bit too intrusive; for example, someone came by after every course to ask how it was.  Other than that, it's the perfect place for a romantic splurge dinner in Vegas.
4 1/2 Stars. 

My husband and I came here for our anniversary and both had the elegance menu. 

My first course was the tuna tartare with a shaved fennel slaw. Sure, it's not the most creative dish, but it was very, very, tasty. The fennel with the ponzu sauce complimented the tartare cleanly and wonderfully. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.

The second dish was the chorizo wrapped sea bass. All I can say is, oh. my. gawd. I could have had 12 servings of this dish and not be tired of it. This dish was ridiculously good and it is one of THE best dishes I have EVER had, and that's saying a lot. 

The third dish was the filet mignon. The filet melted like butter on the tongue. This dish was extremely well executed but not nearly as creative as the second course. 

For dessert, we had the chocolate cake with popcorn ice cream (which was awesome) and a peanut butter shake, which I did not like so much. The peanut butter shake was way too overpowering and peanut-buttery, it didn't fit in with the rest of the dessert. 

The chef brought out a complementary passion fruit chocolate cake with the words, "happy anniversary" on it. That was so sweet and such a nice touch. This dessert actually was my favorite one. The passion fruit gave an acidity and fruitiness that balanced out the dark chocolate perfectly. 

This place is very, very expensive (our meal was over $300), but completely worth it. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and would definitely come back for another special occasion.
DON'T EAT BEFORE YOU GO .....

Hubert Keller's Tasting Menu is devine.  Hubby and I each had the chef's tasting menu with different items; it was a big deal since we knew we'd probably not get to dine at Hubert Keller's place again for many years; we had the tuna and steak tartare; what a great start.  .  Our favorite was the lobster cappuccino and the hamachi; we had venison and duck, and more.  Every morsel was full of all the flavor as described.  If you really love food; you'll love dining here.

Live it up and go for it.  I'd go back again and again.

Owen, the GM, was top notch professional and we even got a tour of the kitchen after our cheese and fruit plates at the end.  We by-passed the sweet desserts because we just couldn't imagine any more.
Came hungry.  Did the Lion King prix fixe menu (summer 2009 when the  Lion King was playing in Vegas).  Left happy.

We had soup with duck crepe and black truffle, salmon or fall-apart-tender roast, and the "celebration of chocolate" was just divine.
It was our bbmoon to Vegas so we decided to go to Fleur de Lys for dinner.  Especially when we had a free $50 certificate from restaurant.com. My wife and I ordered the Elegant Chef menu which was $89 per person for a 4 course menu. 

For the first course my wife and I both ordered the truffles onion soup.  That was extremely delicious.  It was so good to the point where I finished the soup without even saying a word to my wife. Yea, I rather look at the soup at that moment.  For the second course I ordered the the sea bass with chorizo sauce and risotto.  My wife ordered Braised veal and Yukon potato ravioli.  I actually prefer the sea bass more.  For the third course, I ordered the filet mignon and that was juicy.  My wife ordered beef short rib.  For the fourth course, I had the carrot cake and ice cream sandwich.  My wife substitute the dessert choice for a chocolate soufflé for additional cost, but it was well worth it because she finished the whole soufflé almost by herself.

Fleur de lys was a good experience with very prepared food.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants good eats, but I wouldn't do a repeat to this place.
On our anniversary trip to Vegas, we were looking for some high class restaurants to splurge on.  Fleur de Lys made the cut, and now we can't wait to visit the same in SF!

Hubert Keller's elegant chef menu (for $89, extra $60 for wine pairing) exceeded expectations.  We started off with the famed truffled onion soup.  WOW!  Best soup I've ever had.  I would've licked the bowl clean if it were acceptable for a lady!  For the second course, my veal ravioli was good, but paled in comparison to his chorizo wrapped sea bass.  The chorizo and risotto were a surprising but great spicy compliment to the sea bass.  Our main entrees were the filet mignon with red wine reduction and the braised short ribs.  Both done to perfection.  The sauces were so rich and mmm... I barely had room for dessert (and I -always- have room for dessert!).  Dessert was awesome chocolate lava cake with a tiny peanut butter milkshake companion.  

Another excellent meal in Vegas, in a nice quiet ambience.  I will, however, agree with some other reviewers in that service was almost too intrusive - with our server asking multiple times "how is everything?" during each course.  Not a deal breaker - will be back for sure!
This place is truly EXCEPTIONAL! we stopped by for our last day blow out dinner. 2 girls and a 6 course tasting menu. The service is excellent! they explained to us that the Chef Keller's Signature Tasting Menu was basically a blank and the chef prepares the goodies unless we made a special request or have certain food allergies. 

6 course + 3 course of desserts.
The food was to die for...it was super delicious and came with the right portions to satisfied without feeling overwhelmed. 

Onion soup: Creamy infused with truffle oil..super yummy
Foie Gra 3 ways: Gotta try the cappuccino...its one of a kind
Veal Ravioli: super light but a bit on the salty side
Peaking Duck: Delicious! you can taste the juiciness of the duck on top of a piece of seared foie gra. 
Lamb: tender and juicy...one of the best rack of lamb i have ever eaten in my life. 
Im forgetting a course....


Dessert: 
coconut tapioca: not too sweet and very flavorful...tapioca was not soggy at all!
chocolate shouffle: YUM!!!! it was soft and airy...very light and very chocolately!!! by far the best!
Madeline: warm fresh soft buttery cookies with a side of chocolate sauce....these were the best cookies i've ever had!

not to mention!!!! it comes with a cook book from the burger bar that is signed by Chef Keller himself!!!!! LOVE! Wish he was there so i could've took a picture though
Fleur de Lys at Mandalay Bay is a can't miss fine dining experience in Las Vegas.  This beautiful spot sweeps you away from the hustle and bustle of the casinos and clubs.  If you are not immediately relaxed by the white tablecloths, stone walls, vaulted ceiling, and light music, then order the Chocolate Decadence trio of martinis and you will sink into bliss.  The four-course prixe fixe menu is perfectly crafted from start to finish.  The braised beef and potato puree was possibly the best entree I've EVER tasted, with gorgeous sauces and textures.  The service was excellent and the pace of the courses was fitting for a special night out.  I cannot wait to return on my next trip to Vegas.
Only stopped in for drinks at the bar but can't get their Blood Orange Margarita out of my mind....sooo good! Will definitely be back to dine!
Well the wife really wanted to get some french food on our little soiree to Vegas.  We ordered the 4 course tasting menu at $89 per person.  A bit pricey if you ask me.  I've had 10+ tasting course menus at some high end restaurants for around $100..... but I digress.  First course, truffle onion soup.  Awesome!  A kinda creamy onion soup with a truffle sauce on the bottom that you can mix in and also a small duck ragut in there.  Next, I got the veal ravioli which was very savory and oh so good.  But there was some kind of foam on top of the ravioli which did not add to the ravioli at all.  The wife got a sea bass and chorizo which I thought was only okay.  For main course the wife got a filet mignon and I got beef short rib.  Both were good although I thought the portion of the short rib was too small.  Still the short rib was very tender and full of flavor.  For dessert the wife got a carrot cake and I got  a chocolate something or other.  Its a top notch restaurant and the food was really excellent but I gotta knock it down just a notch because I really feel as though you can high end sophisticated food for less.
I don't write reviews of things too often.  I guess maybe because I'm a little lazy. I REALLY have to like or dislike something to write a review. And we definitely liked Fleur de Lys.

Simply put, it was the best meal my wife and I have ever had. The Fillet was out of this world. I've never had red meat like this. It just melted in my mouth. Everything was perfectly cooked.

The wait staff amplified this experience to another level. I believe our waiter was William. Incredibly knowledgable, which was helpful with the wine tasting. He was attentive without being overbearing.

Overall it was the best cullinary experience we've had. I can't compare it to too many other high end restaurants in Vegas, but we are from the Bay area and are not strangers to good food. I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone. We will definitely be back.
This is hands down the most expensive dinner my husband and I have ever had and we don't regret a single dime of it.  We decided to splurge and be adventurous and go with the chef's tasting menu, basically a 7-9 course dinner with whatever the chef decides to serve us, with wine pairings for my husband.  

We had 9 courses and these are some of them.  Keep in mind my description does not do the meal any justice.  
Avocado ball with dungeness crabmeat inside with watermelon gazpacho.
Tuna tartare
Truffed onion soup
Hamachi with shitake mushroom
Lamb
Chocolate souffle with dark chocolate sauce

My husband said the wine choices were absolutely perfect with each course.  Our server, Javier was fun and friendly.  In the end, they took us back to the kitchen to show us around and to meet Chef Keller.  He was very friendly and was able to chat with us for a bit.  Part of the dinner was also 2 autographed cookbooks that he authored.  

I highly recommend the restaurant for a special dinner.  They do 3, 4 or 6 course dinners in addition to the chef's choice that we chose.
OK, maybe I have a small crush on Hubert Keller. But now that I have actually eaten at his restaurants, well, it's on a whole new level!  ha!

We got some tapas and sat in the bar area outside of the restaurant.  The tapas was the perfect amount of food, and we also had some great people watching opportunities.  I highly recommend going the tapas route if you want to save some $$ but still have a wonderful meal.

Every single thing we ordered was out of this world...

Onion soup: creamy and delicious, nice presentation in a basket.

Flank Steak:  perfectly cooked, chimichurri sauce drizzled over it was tasty.  Also loved the tiny baked potato.  

Salad: Perfectly dressed, it had golden raisens in it as well.  

Tuffled popcorn:  AMAZING. Buttery, truffley goodness.

The staff was exceptional.  We actually tried to go back on Sunday, but it was closed.
How can you say anything bad about a Hubert Keller establishment? 

I was traveling solo and wanted a nice dinner and the tasting menu at Fleur de Lys looked inviting. You never know how you'll be treated as a solo diner, but they gave me a great table -- I wasn't hustled to a corner so as not to make the couples/groups feel uncomfortable. I wasn't hurried through my meal and the waiter did a wonderful job. 

Each course was culinary perfection and my wine was top-notch. I am making it a point to take my boyfriend to the San Francisco location this winter.
One of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time. Our waiter was extremely pleasant. My girlfriend and I also enjoyed how the servers were educated on the dishes and would explain them to us upon bringing them to our table. It was that little something extra. Chef Keller was also there for our dining experience and gave us a sample of a dish and a plate of petite fours to cap off our meal. Both were delightful. The food (we both ordered the tasting menu at $90/pp) was incredible. Chef Keller is a culinary genius. The truffled onion soup was perfect, the chorizo wrapped sea bass was such a great blend of flavors and the Filet Mignon was cooked to perfection. This restaurant is a must if you are visiting Las Vegas.
wifey and i don't get spoiled too often...it was her birthday...we were in vegas...so what the heck...why not go all out?  chef hubert keller won our hearts from the moment we walked into the restaurant.  the place is absolute beautiful...small, quiet, romantic...and i really liked the wine cases on the 2nd floor...super elegant.

the service was the best i have ever had.  after every course, we got different utensils...the servers were on top of bussing our plates and filling our water glasses.  everything was personal...many items were put together at our table.  and the food was just MAGNIFICENT.

ok, first of all, if you want to eat here but are worried about the price, go get a $50 gift certificate from restaurant.com.  the certificate itself was only 2 bucks...well worth it for a fancy shmancy restaurant like this one.  and the servers don't mind at all...in fact, they're more than happy to take it.  it significantly lowered our bill...but don't forget to tip on the original amount!

ok...the food...we both ordered off the prix fixe menu.  a guy came around with a big ole basket of 4 different types of bread.  the pretzel roll was amazing.  we couldn't help but to have a couple of them!  

first course: 
1. truffled onion soup (the server poured the soup into our bowl at the side of our table)
2. tuna tartare (delish)

second course:
3. chorizo wrapped suzuki sea bass (probably my least favorite dish of the night...but was still extremely tasty!  i still licked the plate afterwards)
4. braised veal and yukon gold potato ravioli (ABSOLUTELY THE BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT!!!)

third course:
5. stout braised beef short ribs (the short ribs were so tender...it just melted in my mouth!)
6. prime filet mignon (cooked perfectly...no juices leaking on the plate...the steak rested enough to ensure that the steak wasn't dry...i've never had a steak as perfect as this one!)
   
fourth course/dessert:
7.  upgraded to a chocolate souffle (the server pokes a hole in the middle and pours chocolate into the inside...served with mocha ice cream)
8. carrot cake with cream cheese ice cream filling with a scoop of mango carrot ice cream (YUM)

as a bonus, wifey got an extra dessert for her birthday.  it was some sort of pistachio cake served with fresh fruit...also delish.  and they were cute enough to bring it out with a lit candle...awww....

i can't believe i waited all this time to eat at chef hubert keller's restaurant...there is one in san francisco but never really thought about eating at fleur de lys...until now...if only i were rich...haha.

THE BEST RESTAURANT DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
When I realized that the Chef was from Alsace, I was expecting to taste it in the dishes, but this was mostly contemporary cooking. The Ahi Tuna tartare was really good and went surprisingly well with fennel. The beef was delicious too. I wasn't thrilled by the selection of cheeses and would have loved to find a good Munster on the plate. The dessert was unfortunately disappointing and very plain.

All in all, there is room for improvement. Hubert Keller is very nice and certainly talented. I just wished he would be more influenced by his origins: his region and his parents' pastries.
Everyone we've recommended Fleur De Lys to has loved it! We've been there 3 times in the last year and have not been disappointed. We always get the vegetarian tasting menu (which restaurant of this caliber has a standard vegetarian tasting menu? how inclusive of hubert keller)

The food, service and ambiance is exquisite here. Everything tastes fresh and the wine pairings are also divine. 

We've also seen Hubert Keller here every time we dine. It's refreshing to know that he actually oversees the kitchen on a regular basis. 

This is a GREAT place for a romantic dinner. The lighting is dark and perfect (makes everyone look amazing), the decor is so chic and the service is impeccable. It's definitely not a cheap restaurant but worth it's price.


I would have given Fleur De Lys 5 stars albeit the following:

1. They used to serve their amazing bread selection warm. They've stopped warming the breads. Cold bread just does not cut it

2. We went to Fleur De Lys in November 2009 and then again in May 2010. The vegetarian tasting menu was exactly the same except for the risotto (in Nov it was pumpkin and in May it was mushroom). I would have hoped to see some more variety.
LOVE this place! I've been wanting to try this place for so long and it definitely lived up to the hype. Beautiful and classy decor. Very attentive wait staff. And the food? Amazing!

Appetizers: We ordered the foie gras trio which came in three forms: seared, terrean (?) and cappuccino. That's right. Cappuccino. Wth right?? Surprisingly, pretty damn good! We also ordered the Truffled Onion Soup. OH MY GOSH. Delicious! Rich, smooth, flavorful, yummy! We also got some Sea Bass appetizer and that was just okay. It wasn't very memorable because frankly, I don't remember how to describe it.

Entrees: We ordered the Filet Mignon and Lobster. The Filet Mignon was hands down, the most tender and juicy steak I've EVER had. I was so blown away. I'm serious! The lobster was just as delicious but I was too busy focusing on my filet mignon to really eat the lobster.

Dessert: We ordered the chocolate souffle which was pretty delicious as well!

Overall, the service was so attentive, food was amazing, this place definitely lived up to the hype and I recommend this to anyone!
Delicious and delightful, even playful. The cuisine was superb. We had the tasting menu. Here's my meal: Ahi Tuna Tartare, Skate Salad with Pineapple, Short Ribs with Guinness Foam, and a Carrot Cake Ice Cream Sandwich. The short ribs dish with the Guinness was a perfect flavor combination.

The wait staff was also fun. I often feel intimidated at big-league restaurants, especially when I ask questions about the food, but they were patient, and they let me take pictures of the food to send to my mother, who is a Hubert Keller fan. Then they went above and beyond and let us take a peek at the kitchen. I was impressed, especially by the sous-vide bath. I always wondered what the fuss was over sous-vide cooking, but believe the hype. Sous-vide results in tender meat. 

Yes, it's pricey, but it's the kind of meal you won't forget. If you want fine dining in Vegas, go here. I need to talk my mom into braving the Vegas heat and debauchery so she can enjoy Fleur de Lys in person.
Fancy smancy dinner here on a Saturday night.
We started off with the amuse bouche. It was a piece of fried cod over potato salad. YUM. A great start to our meal. Appetizer was the Ahi Tuna Tartare. Again, YUM! The fish was fresh and the fennel crisp on top was a nice flavor combo. I had the Butter-Poached Maine Lobster. It had good flavor BUT it was chewy :( Was that because it was overcooked? Not sure. I didn't send it back. Charlie got the steak. It came with creamed spinach and marble potatoes. The steak had an incredible crust on it. Really really tasty. Creamed spinach was so good! Even he who doesn't like creamed spinach loved it. No room for dessert....so stuffed. 

Overall, the food was really good except that my lobster was chewy. The service was ok. Not super attentive and our waitress spent a lot of her time on the other tables. (Probably because they ordered a heck of a lot more food and wine.) I would have to rate this at a 4 for now. Room for improvement. I would love to try this place again except in SF!!
YUM.  We had what we thought were too-early 6:45 pm reservations for dinner.  Luckily we started that early, since we didn't get out until 10:30 pm.  In addition to the listed menu items, they also a lot of freebie courses which was a nice surprise.  Although we ate for almost 4 hours, each course came out with a nice separation, we didn't really notice it was taking so long.  We enjoyed the food and the company.  Definitely can't eat like this all the time, but worth the $$$$ for a special meal, the food does not disappoint!
Another big league high end Top Chef celebrity restaurant...  Fleur de Lys is an excellent choice for fine dining while visiting Vegas....
Started off with an amuse bouche which was a piece of fried cod over a potato salad.. It was quite pleasant and was an excellent prelude to Chef Hubert Keller's tasting menu....Next I had the truffled onion soup followed by sea bass wrapped in a pan seared chorizo covering.... Both were absolutely amazing and made me wish I could have "MUCH" more... The next dish was the filet mignon and finally a small platter of chocolates 
and ice-cream with a caramel drizzle..... Both items were also very pleasing to the palate and will
not be forgotten soon... As for my girlfriends dishes, all I can remember is the short ribs with Guinness foam and tuna tartare... They 
were equally impressive.... Bedsides the unforgettable food I have to say that the service was great.. Most tasting menu types of experiences I've had in the past have came accompanied with somewhat unapproachable waiters that can't even crack a smile.. The 
staff at Fleur de Lys are both friendly and professional... My only slight complaint is that the pacing of the tasting menu is quite fast..The pace has always been a little more relaxed during my other tasting menu 
experiences at other fine establishments, but I guess this is how they ensure that the masses of Vegas tourists can eat here without having to spend too much time sitting around... 
Overall my experience at Fleur de Lys was an excellent one that I highly recommend to others if you have the extra money to spend 
as it will cost a pretty penny, but is totally worth the experience..

Fun Fact- Ladies, there is a HUGE  artistic mural on the wall that is completely made of fresh roses.. At the end of your dinner you're waiter will bring one to the table as a bit of a souvenir...Nice Classy Touch!!!
Amazing from start to finish. I recommend the wine pairing option. One of the most enjoyable meals ever. Attentive, knowledgeable waitstaff and great ambience. Be prepared to spend $100+ pp for the full experience but it is worth every penny.
This is simply just one of the most wonderful French restaurants in Las Vegas.  The service was excellent as the waiters were very knowledgeable, helpful, and prompt.  The ambience has a low key atmosphere which is perfect for a date and probably what you'd expect from a upscale French restaurant.

So let's go on to the food.  My girlfriend and I both ordered the prix fixe menu where we both ordered different items since we wanted to taste as much as we could from Chef Hubert Keller's menu.  We were started off with some small scallop dish that wasn't on the menu complimentary of the chef. So what we had each were:

- Truffle Onion Soup / Ahi Tuna Tartare (Appetizers)
- Chorizo Wrapped Seabass / Braised Short Ribs with guiness foam (Entree)
- Filet Mignon / Ravioli with Parmesan foam
- Chocolate Fondant / Carrot Cake Ice Cream with peanut butter shake/ Pistachio Cake (This one was for our early anniversary)

The food was all excellent.  The short ribs are delicious, but the taste of braised shortribs have never impressed me much.  They were tasty nonetheless.  The paremesan foam was an excellent touch to the ravioli, and the filet mignon was perfectly cooked.  Also, please get the truffled onion soup.  It really wasn't what I was expecting at all, and I'm glad I tried it even though I don't care for onion soup.  

Overall, this was such an enjoyable meal and experience.  Prepare to spend some money though, and the only downside was not being able to meet Chef Hubert Keller!
This pertains to their Top Chef Masters Menu

The Skinny: great execution of classic French cuisine with occasional missteps (4) Service - excellent, prompt, unpretentious (4.5), value - for the Top Chef Masters tasting menu is actually pretty good for what it's worth (only available until 7pm).

When people ask me about where they can find great, fancy French food for a reasonable price, I would have to recommend this place (I've eaten here before but I forgot to write a review!). I am sad to see that Fleur will be closing its doors in August because it is a great restaurant on the Strip.

My hubby and I tried their Top Chef tasting menu for $65/person.

The amuse bouche was a lightly fried cod with a warm potato salad. The cod was light and crisp while the acidity from the salad accentuated the flavours of the fish. A well thought out dish.

I had the mixed greens with polenta croutons while my husband had the salmon and radish salad. The mixed green salad was phenomenal because of the crouton. Now here's the thing. I don't like croutons. I don't like polenta. But I swear to God the chef must've used some sort of magic to make those babies - such lovely texture and aroma. I could have eaten an entire plate of those. The salmon dish and the radish salad was well prepared but overall, was a little unexcitiing.

Second course was lobster mac n' cheese and the braised beef cheek with filet mignon. To be honest, the lobster mac n' cheese a miss for me. For one thing, not enough lobster flavour and the macaroni was a little more than al dente for my taste. However, it tasted wonderful regardless.

The braised beef cheek however - wow! the meat braised in five spices... one of the best beef dishes I've had in a while. I almost wished there was no filet mignon there (not because it wasn't good) because the beef cheek totally outshone it. The accompanying sides were delicious. 

Finally dessert - a quartet of desserts actually. The Earl Grey creme brulee, chocolate mice mousse and the fruit marscarpone parfait were home runs. The unfortunate piece was the lemon/chocolate tart. I love lemon tarts. I love chocolate. But the two together do not work. Lemons really bring out the bitterness and grainy texture of chocolate.

We were also given a lovely plate of petit fours which were not that great. Again, weird flavour combinations - lemon with five spice cake (the lemon doesn't go with it at all). The other sweets were...well... too sweet.

Like I said, I will be sad to see Fleur de Lys close its doors next month.
This review of Fleur D Lys is of the lounge and the expanded Tapas menu available there, a great experience in all aspects. The menu is not listed on the website but is listed out front with the other menus, so do look for it. My wife and I ate there on 7-22-10.

 To begin the atmosphere of the Lounge is very relaxing as well as  inviting, with low as best I can describe Mid East style seating, with small tables and low set couches. The couches are very comfortable BTW so you may want to stay for awhile. This is a small intimate area which seats probably around 25 people at most so it can fill up on the weekends. Our hostess was charming, very engaging and an absolute sweetheart of a girl as were all employees we dealt with that evening, as you would expect from Fleur de Lys.

 We began our meal with a couple of drinks, a Doghead IPA for me, not bad but stout for an IPA, my wife had what is called a Fleur Fizz, a signature drink from the Lounge there. I am not much on cocktails as such, but this was a very well made and refreshing cocktail, made similiar to a New Orleans Fizz but made with Champagne instead of club soda. A great replacement IMO.

 We ordered the Charcutrie Tray for two and the Rock Shrimp with Glass Noodles, for what we thought was a beginner to the Tapas meal. Not the whole meal for two as it ended up being to our surprise. The Rock Shrimp and Glass noddles was a slightly spicy little dish, not so much my wife did not love it mind you, but with a taste of the world it was from as it should be. The sauce was a mix of Thai and Viet tastes blended very well, with very fresh, small Rock Shrimp, which were not skrimped on as some Tapas menus will do. The Charcutrie was a very nice mix of smoked meats with a very fresh bread, olives, cornichons, pickled fennel and a wonderful stone ground mustard. The highlight of this for me was the mix of the Pork/Goose pate and the Fennel, a wonderful combination with the sweet, smoothness of the pate and the sharpness of the fennel blending wonderfully to form a new tatse sensation I will try in the future for a recipe of my own.

  Unable to decide what we wanted to do for dessert, which all sounded good I asked about the 'flights" I saw listed on the menu. Why not finish with a drink instead of more food, always can eat again if need be :) . The flights are signature martinis in a 3 drink serving, and are available as a Tropical or Decadent choice of flights. We decided upon the Decadent flight and were not wrong in our choice as this filled the needs of both libation and dessert in one nice package, The flight consisted of a Dark Chocolate, Mocha Espresso and White Chocolate, the drinks were accompanied by Chocolate Meddalions and fresh Blackberries. The White Chocolate was my personal favorite, like drinking a wonderful White Chocolate bar, with a hint of a Martini behind it. The Espresso was my wifes favorite, she best described as very good Mocha Espresso but with a hint of Gin. This was a great finish to a great meal to say the least. The meddalions and rasberries were wonderful, fresh as out the back door rasberries and excellent chocolate.

 Whether looking for a quick and casual, but classy, meal or just a great way to start the evening with a drink in a relaxed, semi-casual setting, the lounge as Fleur de Lys is a choice you cannot go wrong with. The Tapas menu is extensive and priced very well, with something for everyone, the price is upscale as you would expect for Fleur de Lys but worth every penny. They have available a choice for evrything on the Tapas, 99 for just food or 115 for foods and desserts, and a party of 8-10 could have a great time for this amount. 5 Stars all the way across the board.
I know this restaurant has gotten great Yelp reviews, but we just weren't that impressed.  :(  We had the foie gras trio as an appetizer, and then the Elegance Tasting Menu (truffled onion soup/ahi tartare, ravioli/chorizo-wrapped sea bass, filet mignon, and the chocolate fondant cake/carrot cake ice cream sandwich).

The atmosphere was ok -- didn't think it was too special.  The service was excellent.  The food was average.  The foie gras wasn't that impressive compared to what we've had at other places, the soup was good, the tartare and the sea bass were completely over-seasoned, and the filet was tender but nothing out-of-this-world.  The desserts were probably the best part of the meal.
Get their gift certificate from restaurant.com.  Amazing deal.

I had the truffle onion soup and filet mignon with pureed potato.  The steak was amazing, probably one of the best ever (and I do go to the range of steakhouses).  The truffle onion soup was good but not amazing.

My fiance had the mac'n'cheese.  By far, one of the best "dressed-up" comfort food I have ever had.  The texture of the cheese (crispy and a little gritty at the top) was so unique and with the truffle oil, it was exquisite.  He also got the salmon, which was good, but no match for my steak.

I also had some other stuff that was forgettable, but the place gets 5 starts for the steak and mac'n'cheese.  Also a special bonus, the waiter brought out complementary little tasters that the chef had cooked up.  We also go dessert with the pre-fixed menu, but we were both so full!
This review pertains to the tapas/lounge area.

The Skinny: great tapas menu with excellent desserts (4.25), service: excellent, nice ambience (4) value: if you get the entire tapas menu (including dessert) for $115, it's a great deal for the quality and perfect to share amongst 3-4 people (4.5)

We went to Fleur de Lys tonight to share their tapas menu with 3 other friends. We got the entire tapas menu for a price of $115 - which would cost a lot more if you ordered a la carte.

The tapas menu was excellent. From the truffled onion soup to  the chacuterie plate for two, the dishes were delightful well-balanced and well-executed. The wonderful manchego mixed green salad had the right amount of tartness. First time for yellowtail fish sticks with tartar sauce but I have to say I'm sold! Moist on the inside, wonderfully crispy on the outside. Mmm.... The chacuterie plate was fantastic with the decadent pate, cured meats and artisan bread. 

There were only few missteps - the truffle buttered popcorn, rock shrimp noodle salad and the ahi tuna tartare. The rock shrimp noodle glass noodle salad was supposed to have some sort of Asian/Vietnamese influence but fell short due to the noodles being too thick and gummy. The ahi tuna tartare was only okay and didn't really add anything new. The truffle buttered popcorn was a little bit bitter and I'm not sure why. Still the truffle really came through on that dish.

The dessert portion was awesome: 3 dishes of ice cream/sorbets, 1 ice cream float, 1 lemon ice cream with angel food cake. All amazing presentations and large portion sizes - good enough to share amongst all of us.

Ideally, it might have been a little bit better to share the entire tapas menu amongst four but it did well enough with five of us. So if you think about it, $115/5... that's less than $25 per person. It's actually more affordable if you got the entire tapas menu and split it two ways than going for their early bird prixe fixe menu (at $65/person). 

Actually, in many ways, I felt the tapas menu tasted better than the $65 set menu. So I would recommend going here to split the tapas tasting menu (including dessert) with four people.
I'm not sure if I got an errant chef there , but my meal tonight was sub par. The Truffle Onion Soup that everyone raves about was good, but that was about the only thing that was really GOOD for a restaurant of this kind. I expected to be wowed.. but came out dissatisfied. We had the four course pre fixe and my second course was the divers scallops and they turned out to be salty. I told the waitress that they were salty and she said that it was a new dish and she would tell the chef. (nothing against the waitress.. our service was good). 
My main course was the halibut and it was nice and crunchy on the outside, but nowhere close to being moist or soft on the inside. I hate overcooked fish and this was close to overcooked for me. Also, again the corn base.. forget what it was called was salty! 
Dessert - my friend got the chocolate cake and that was good.. gentle flavors and not too sweet. I got the panna cotta desert with a couple of sorbets on top. The panna cotta itself was good, but one of the berry sorbets was overpowering and too tart and didnt mix well with the peach juice base. 
Also, for some reason they advertize a $59 early evening prefixe on their website, but we went in at 6:15 and asked the waitress, she knew nothing about it. Instead we got the Elegance pre fixe for $89.

I live near SF and have eaten at several restaurants that are better. Michael Mina for one.. Cortez before it shutdown..
This place is upscale so be prepared to pay high prices.  They have concierge outside the doors to greet you and forewarn anyone that is not ready for the prices.

I dined with 3 people and the tab came out to $700.  

If you can afford it and enjoy French food; then this place is okay.
This review pertains to their a la carte dining (please see below for tapas/Top Chef Menu reviews)

The Skinny: had the best chicken dish in a long time - it was slightly ridiculous how good it was! but trust me... don't order the duck (4), Service - I think our server was not as good as some of the others (3), Value - pretty good - gave us 2 free dishes (3).

Okay, I know this is my 2nd review update in the space of a month but I gotta get it while it's good and still open. Plus, both my hubby's and my birthdays fall within a month of each other so it's okay to be a little on the splurging side.

Normally, we either go for a nice prix fixe menu - more affordable and more complete experience. However, everytime we see something on the a la carte menu that piques our interests. So this time, we came armed with a $50 restaurant.com coupon and bit the bullet.

We ordered the organic beet salad, the foie gras tasting 3 ways, the organic chicken, the peking duck and finally, an almond panna cotta.

Again, an amuse bouche of fried cod and potato salad which was very good (like our previous visit).

The foie gras was served in three preparations with brioche - a foie gras cappucino, a foie gras seared with a fruit compote and a foie gras terrine. The cappucino was very smooth, lusciously foamy and really accented the true flavour of the foie. The seared preparation with fruite compote was a classic and well prepared. The terrine was wonderful as well. My only complaint about the dish was it could have used more warm brioche to go with the foie gras.

The organic beet salad with poached quail egg and ham was okay. For 6-7 small cubes of beets, each topped with a fleck of microgreen, with 4 quail eggs with a sliver of ham - $19 seemed overpriced. Although the presentation was astounding, I prefer their mixed green salad with polenta. Disappointingly, it was the only salad option on the a la carte appetizer menu.

We both received a free 1/2 sized portion of the halibut entree. The halibut was seared perfectly - wonderful crust - but unfortunately was a little bland in the middle portion of the fish. The accompanying sweet corn/fava bean succotash was delightful.

The peking duck was a rather large disappointment. When you tell an Asian that you're making Peking duck - that skin better be crispy. And crispy it ain't. Although the duck breast was well-cooked, the skin was nothing like Peking duck. The cloyingly saccharine sauce on top really overpowered that dish. Paired with a tough, overcooked foie gras on the bottom, you have a culinary mess on your hands.

That being said, the roast chicken dish was the best chicken dish I have had in a long time. The roasted chicken skin was so wonderfully crisp and seasoned and I savoured each bite (I normally remove the skin entirely). The moisture and texture of the meat was amazing.

I have to admit - I was a little skeptical about when I saw foam covering the chicken breast. With so many restaurants using foam, it's become a bit of a cliche. But I understand why this technique was used in this case - the foam added that wonderful umami flavour of truffle without compromising the wonderful texture of the crisp chicken skin. The accompanying morel mushroom and cabbage completed this wonderfully well envisioned and balanced package of a dish.

The almond panna cotta was good but not astounding. The flavour combinations were wonderful if only the panna cotta had a better texture. To quote Nigella Lawson: [panna cotta should have] "the quiver of a 17th century courtesan's inner thigh". It was a little too solid for our tastes and not quite as silky smooth as other preparations we've enjoyed in the past. 

Of note, we were not offered petit fours at the end of our meal this evening unlike our previous prix fixe menu experience.

Overall, a great meal with some highs and lows and the bill came to around $125 tip and tax (discounting the cost of the $50 coupon).
Oh.....my......gosh.....is all I can say about here. Hubby and I dined here in the lounge tapas style for one of our honeymoon dinners, and boy oh boy, were we gluttonous! We ordered the tapas menu (including dessert) for $115, and it was amazing. The lounge is very comfy and inviting, with low lighting and pillows all over. I was nervous that hubby wouldn't eat anything here (he's very "meat and potatoes"), but I asked him to trust me, and he was glad he did!
The truffled onion soup and the chacuterie plate for two were simply out of this world, and I am not one to eat these kinds of foods. The manchego mixed green salad was the best salad I've ever tasted, hands down. The truffle buttered popcorn was good, but was a little bit soggy. The rock shrimp noodle salad was very tasty, albeit a tad spicy, and the ahi tuna tartare, eh. I'm not a big tartare eater, so it didn't do much for me. The sliders were slightly too greasy. The mini ham and cheese was sinfully good, and to me, the highlight of the night. My husband loved the chimichuri steak, and the waitress was kind enough to give us two since they were out of the fish sticks.  The weinerschnitzel was ok, too greasy for my taste. I can't remember the other tapas, so forgive me.
The desserts were OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!! We had a mix of five fresh fruit sorbets, a lemon angelfood cake with blackberry sorbet, banana cake served over fresh coconut tapioca pudding, a carribean float, and fresh ice cream (avoid the lavender lemongrass one like the plague. It tasted like someone froze a bath and body works lotion and served it up on a plate), and a cheese platter. Simply divine dessert.
The highlight of the night was realizing that Hubert Keller was hanging out in the lounge at the table next to us, discussing design ideas for the renovations. He was super nice, and talked to us for a little bit after he finished his meeting. 
The best dining experience I've ever had!
OMG!  SO fun.  Best staff ever.  My husband and I went to the FDL for our anniversary dinner last night.  They have a tapas special where you can get one of every tapas on the menu for $99.  You can also add one of every dessert for an additional $15.  I assumed that these would be amuse bouche size bites, but they were the full tapas serving (which was actually bigger than a tapas).  First, we were seated and told the waitress what we wanted.  She said that normally, they only serve Tapas on the "patio," but that she would check with the manager.  They were very accommodating and left us where we were.  They then stopped us from ordering two tapas tasting menus because it would be too much food.  WHAT?  They saved us $115.  Mu husband doesn't eat pork, so they offered substitutions on the two pork items for him.  The food was delicious, but VERY RICH (as you might expect from French-influenced cuisine. Truffle popcorn was amazing, huge portion, but drenched in butter, so even though it was only the second dish they brought out, we couldn't finish it.  The onion soup was literally fantastic.  Four little tasting cups come per serving.  Ahi tuna tartare was good, but heavy on dressing, so fish flavor was a little lost.  The rock shrimp and noodles were very spicy. My husband felt the shrimp were overcooked--I thought it was OK.  Chimichurri flank steak was amazing-the silky chimichurri on marinated grass fed flank served medium rare was outstanding.  The charcuterie plate was Delicious and portion was huge!  My husband got the short ribs, and he loved them.  Delicate and wonderful hearts of palm salad.  The tossed green salad was also yummy. My husband had two glasses of wine, I had the cocktail flight (three fruity mini martinis).  They were sweet and string, presented beautifully.   They brought us 7 desserts (an extra for our anniversary), of which we ate about one bit each because we were stuffed. Best of all, service was unbelievably good.  Our main waitress packed food for us without asking (at a high end restaurant, where I would have been embarrassed to ask for that). We had a great time, and would go back in a flash.  Total bill $227 (alcohol was about $50, and the extra entree was $42).   To think that for $115 you could get all of that food, at that quality, with that service, is unbelievable.
Once again, I couldn't resist spending hard earned money on a $250 meal, especially after buying a coupon from restaurants.com.  I'm a sucker.  

The first table we were sat at was sandwiched between a server terminal and a table that was cackling about challah bread.  I asked to be moved.  We were upgraded to a really cozy corner table that was surrounded by curtains.

I had a glass of rose champagne which was yummy.  The BF opted for the Brancot Sauvignon blanc (a good one).

We both chose to get the 4 course menu.  Most of it was good, definitely some dishes more interesting than others.  We both enjoyed the limitless bread assortment.

My BF started with the truffled onion soup and I ordered the tartare.  We had higher expectations for the soup.  My tartare had nice flavor.
The 2nd course was unmemorable, but the meat courses were very palatable.  And the dessert was ok.

By the next day, there was a good part of me that wished we had gone to Whole foods for a couple salads -- and I could spend the rest of the money on a new party dress. :) Definitely a better experience than Bartolotta though.
This should be a five star review but I allowed my friend and fellow Yelper Seth(the food snob) to talk me down to 4 stars. The service here is stellar and they really pay attention to detail. The huge gripe I have with the service is that they neglected to tell us each soda would be charged as such. This would've been ok if each one had more than 3 sips in it and didn't get refilled when it was halfway done.

Other than my small gripe and my friends slightly overcooked Sea Bass the meal was fantastic. I must admit the meal started off great when we were greeted by the deceptively cute hostess and brought to a very private table. I'll excuse the fact that she called my friend my other half but that's a story for another day.

We ordered the 4 course elegance menu which started with tuna tartare on top of a fennel slaw which was refreshing and a great starter. Next up was a chorizzo wrapped Chilean Sea Bass with risotto with a tomato sauce that was amazing. My bass was cooked perfectly and basically melted in my mouth. The presentation was colorful and made the dish pop. Next out was the filet mignon and potato gratin. The filet was buttery and the perfect portion.

And then there was dessert.....wow was there dessert. I ordered the chocolate fondant cake with peanut butter milkshake and peanut butter ice cream. My friend ordered the carrot cake with carrot/pineapple ice cream. I am not a fan of carrot cake but the ice cream was intense. My fondant cake was exactly like you'd hope a gooey, warm, angel would be. Wait....no, that's it. A great way to end an elegant meal even if my company was a snobby Yelper. I will definitely be coming back. Thanks Hubert!
Firstly, I'd like to give a big slap on the ass to fellow Yelper Jonathan S., my company for this meal at Fleur de Lys.

I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars here, but went 4 stars for the exceptional service and delectable dessert.

I got the chef's elegance menu; it was a 4 course taster. I started with the ahi tuna, served over fennel with a garlic ponzu. Tasty!

The next course was seabass wrapped in chorizo, served with a spicy tomato broth. This would have been incredible, but my seabass was overcooked. Had it been prepared properly, I probably would have been in food heaven. The taste combination was there, but it just didn't come out well.

The third course was filet. It was cooked a perfect medium rare, but I think they went a little bit too heavy on the sauce for it. Overall, though, great.

The last dish - dessert - total food boner. It was carrot cake, cream cheese frosting, and carrot/pineapple ice cream. PINEAPPLE AND CARROT ICE CREAM. As soon as I ate this, I could feel a gentle tapping on the underside of the table, my food boner. I could also feel an ominous rumbling in the pits of my stomach; a festering storm.

But I digress. The food was above average but not five star. The service was excellent from start to finish. The cute blonde hostess made me think dirty thoughts, preparing me to devour my meat courses.

But I digress. Ok. 4 stars. Worth trying once, wavering on whether or not I go back with all of the other fine dining options in this town.
I love a good meal, and boy did Fleur de Lys deliver! While working in Vegas this week, a friend and I decided to pop into Fleur de Lys for a quick dinner.

My first impression was "DAMN! $20 FOR SOUP!?" 

So of course, I had to try to the soup. And boy, it was the best truffle onion soup I've ever had. Delicate, yet loaded with flavor, rich and creamy... OMG. I will dream of this soup! Now THAT was worth $20.

I also tried the lobster salad... yummy but not as stand out as the soup. The lobster was butter poached, served with mango slices and a frisee salad. 

For my entree, I went with the Roast Chicken. Generally, I don't really like chicken because it's hard to do right. This chicken... this chicken... THIS CHICKEN was incredibly delicious. Seared skin, succulent, moist meat, flavorful... wholy crap, I ate the entire thing in about 5 minutes. Ha, there's $40 bucks down my throat hole!!

Oh yeah, and order the Chocolate Souffle for dessert. It was light, and airy but huge! It can easily be shared between 2-4 people!

All in all, wonderful service and delicious food. Good job Fleur de Lys!
I ate here New Years Day (yeah, that was a while ago and I totally forgot to write a review!) with my best friend and (now ex) significant other to kick the new year off right. And wow, we made the right choice. We decided to go with their prix fixe menu and order different plates, that way we could all get a little taste of every dish. There were a couple dishes that absolutely wowed me. First, they started us off with a delectable amuse-bouche. It was the right way to start off the meal because from that very first bite, I can tell that this will be one of the best meals I'll ever have. To start off, I ordered their onion soup, which was amazing. Best soup I've ever had. It was creamy and yet light enough so that it won't weigh you down for the rest of your meal. Their filet mignon was so tender that they didn't bother giving me an actual steak knife to cut through it. Hahaha, they gave me an un-serrated butter knife. At first I was like "WTF, how do they expect me to cut into my meat with this thing?" Well, let me tell you, I was able to slice through that chunk of meat with minimal effort. =P Oh, and yes, it was just as deliciously flavorful as it was tender. I opted to pay the extra money to get the creme brulee for dessert. I remember it cracking ever so nicely when I first dug my spoon into the creamy goodness. After remembering that great meal I had at the Las Vegas location, I'm thinking about making a stop over at the San Francisco location. Thank goodness I'm in the bay area! =P
definitely one of my favorite meals in vegas...a must try. 

i ATE: chef keller's signature tasting menu. 
the FOOD: was delicious; everything was prepared & seasoned to absolute perfection 
the PRESENTATION: was beautiful; soft, delicate & whimsical. 
the SERVICE: outstanding; attentive & friendly, not a bit pretentious, which i LOVE 
the PRICE: i feel, extremely reasonable for the courses, taste, service & ambiance. 

ADDED NOTE! I would recommend Fleur de Lys over Guy Savoy any day. In my opinion, you get more (taste, food, presentation) for your money, but, that's cause I can do without the wine bible w/ podium & massive selection of bread to fill me up & distract me from the meal at hand. You be the judge :o)
We came here to try the Tapas Menu that has recently been offered. There is a tall poster type thing in front of Fleur De Lys that advertises this menu. It's extremely well-priced. Example $6 for 4 shot glasses of their amazing truffle onion soup, $12 for 2 sliders with fries, $6-8 for truffle popcorn. To eat at such prices at a Hubert Keller restaurant...quite a steal I would say. If you choose to partake in the Tapas menu, there is separate seating outside the restaurant as well as in the bar/cocktail area which are both very nice. 

Let me start with the good:

Loved the people watching while waiting for our food. I hardly venture out onto the strip and when I do my primary enjoyment stems from watching fashion disasters, unknowing tourists and stereotyped "Vegas types." I know...it's awful but I can't help myself. 

The service was great...the bartender served us for most of our meal and she was great. The manager even came to clear our plates. 

The food: Hearts of palm salad with a pistachio cream was divine, the manchego cheese mixed green salad was the perfect mix of shaved smooth cheese, tart dressing, crisp greens and a sweet garlicky and raisin topping, the truffle onion soup (as always) was rich, creamy and had a delicacy that was perfect. We ordered the mushroom risotto to share from the dinner menu which was also very tasty with a generous helping of woody wild mushrooms. The desert of passion fruit sorbet with coconut tapioca (boba) soup was also a hit. Refreshing would best describe it

Tapas Pricing was very very reasonable. The passion fruit sorbet in the coconut soup was $5 for an order that easily fed 2 people, 4 shotglasses of truffle onion soup was $6, $8 for the mixed green and manchego cheese salad and for people who eat meat, the meat based tapas were also just as reasonable. 

Now the bad:

False Advertising: The Tapas menu outside the restaurant mentions that the Hearts of Palm Salad is on the Tapas menu. It was not. When inside, the waitress tells us the menu has been changed and that the Palm Salad had been taken off. We had to order it from the a la carte menu for $16. Not fun. A lot of why we even went for the Tapas Menu was based on the Hearts of Palm Salad which is a favorite of ours

I genuinely dislike businesses that lure people in with an advert and then do a turnaround when they've got you all seated and your drinks ordered. It was fairly easy to correct the menu outside or honor that menu when we asked about it. Fleur De Lys did neither. 

We ended up spending $120 for Tapas (2 cocktails) including tip. That was a bit more than I thought we were in for. Partly because we ordered 2 orders of the Palm salad from the a la carte menu and because there were so few vegetarian options that we had to order a dish off the main menu again (risotto). I was not a happy camper (especially when I thought I was embarking on an austerity drive). 

I'll give it to these guys, they make a mean meal....amazing food but they really need to work on sprucing up their Tapas menu and consistency in advertising especially since they're trying to move to an all-Tapas type restaurant in the near future (per the manager). A bump down to 3 stars for our multiple shocks tonight. 

PS. Another shout-out for the service here. The bartender serving us (forgot to get her name) was very personable.
Obviously it's Fleur de Lys so I understand it's expensive but I still think a few of the items were a bit overpriced so I'm giving the place four stars.  yes, the truffle onion soup was amazing but I've never paid $20 for soup before.  The food was overall delicious.  The tasting dessert was awesome!
I always wanted to try Fleur de Lys in San Francisco. Maybe that location is better than this one. I was a little disappointed with the food. The sea bass was overcooked and the scallops were undercooked. Everything else was good, but not blow your socks off good. For the price, I had higher expectations.

My husband did enjoy the wine pairing with his meal. And the service was good.
I was here for Restaurant week during Labor Day weekend and I didn't regret a single cent I spent here.

I got the $50.10 menu.  It came with the  truffle onion soup.  When it first came out I was like... I only see a red onion streak with some rolled duck thing and then they poured on the truffle onion soup.  It was excellent!! So light with and creamy mixed with black truffle oil.  Skirt steak with chimchurri sauce with heirloom tomatoes and mini baked potatoes with creme fraiche was next.  I loved the cute mini baked potatoes.  They were sooo cuute and reminded me of sour cream and chive potatoes.  The steak was cooked to my liking of medium well.

My jaw dropped when it came to the chocolate souffle.  Sooo poofy and looked so good covered in powdered sugar.  Then they said the magic words, "now we're gonna put some chocolate ganache in the middle.." I felt like I had died and gone to heaven especially since my friend had decided to give me his partial moscato wine pairing to me since it was too sweet for him.  OMG, so fluffy and oozing with chocolatey goodness.  The ganache was the right consistency as well.  And... it came with a side of mocha ice cream!!

I gave them a 5 star also for their attention to detail.  I was wondering why one of my friends had gotten a black napkin and we had gotten the white ones.  It turns out the waitress noticed that my black napkin friend was wearing a black outfit so to avoid having white napkin lint on her black dress, they gave her a black napkin.  Who'da thunk?

Overall good choice and I wish I had gotten the $10 wine pairings with the whole meal.  Definitely a must for Restaurant week.
Some of the food items were outstanding, but others were not very good.  The sea bass was extremely salty and the ravioli were so thin, you could not taste what it was stuffed with.  The potatoes that came with the filet were dry and not very flavorful.  The truffle onion soup and filet mignon were excellent.  The service was just mediocre.  The servers were excellent and energetic, but the waitress did not match their energy.
Sensual. orgasmic. tantalizing. delightful. phenomenal. exquisite.

There are restaurants meant for eating food and then there are places like Fleur de Lys that are meant for celebrating food. the class and detail to which they prepared and presented their dishes is few and far between. A toast to Chef Keller for demanding nothing but the best, and for our amazing garcon who introduced the meal with as much flourish and passion as i had devouring it. The truffle onion soup, decadent. The halibut, total and absolute perfection. The only qualm I have is the fact that they will be tearing down this fine restaurant to create a tapas version of Fleur de Lys, I wish I could have come here sooner, and come multiple times more.
Being from the Bay Area I regret not visiting its sister restaurant in SF. So, I finally decided it was the perfect time to check Fleur de Lys out once and for all.. this was a few months ago.

Overall me and my date both agreed that everything was fine but simply lacked that "umph" that I'd expect from a chef of Keller's caliber to do and take us over the edge. Sorry but I gotta chalk it up as (what was) another overpriced spot along the strip. The execution was fine, but maybe its the fact that Vegas can't quite grow the best of ingredients/produce that money can buy. If thats the case my money will go elsewhere.

With the current state of the economy, more and more chefs are having to tweak their formulas and re-tool their restaurants. Seems like Mr. Keller agreed that Fleur de Lys was one of them as it's recently shut down temporarily until later in the year and will reopen as a tapas restaurant. Good luck Mr. Keller!
I am being harsh but Fleur de Lys seriously disappointed our party. On a recent trip to Las Vegas to celebrate my brother in law's birthday, we booked his birthday dinner at Fleur de Lys. I have always liked Hubert Keller and wanted to try out his restaurant since it's always have had good reviews. We are big fans of his burger joint so we figured that Fleur de Lys would be sensational. Pretty much to sum it up, service was horrendous. We had a reservation for 5 at 9pm and didn't get our table until 10pm. We waited very patiently and had some drinks. When we were seated, the waitress seemed nice enough. 4 out of 5 of us ordered the "Elegance Menu" with fois gras that came out to over $114 per person but we wanted the best. Anyhow, by 11pm we still didn't have our main course, by midnight dessert wasn't even served. Half way through, at 11pm we find out that our waitress went home and didn't even tell us. The restaurant didn't notify us of the wait staff change so we had no one waiting on the table for almost an hour. The general manager seemed to visit the table behind us frequently and NEVER came to check on us. We missed our evening engagement since we were so late at dinner. All of us were so tired that we couldn't even eat dessert. My brother in law was so upset that he sent back his birthday dessert. I am appalled at how we were treated. Finally my husband had to tell some poor waiter who happened to walk by, which then he responded that he couldn't do anything and went to get a manager. I believe the manager, named Danny? He did not even look like he cared. He offered to comp two of the meals but seriously, with all the money we were spending, we should have walked away without even giving them a cent. A birthday evening was ruined and pretty much we left Vegas feeling pretty disappointed. I find out from a waiter that the restaurant is closing in a few weeks anyway. Wow, what a way to end. Poor, poor service. 

By the way, the quality of the patrons has also truly gone down. Since when do you wear shorts to fine dining? Ugh. Disgusted.
Wow.

Had the 4 course tasting menu.  

got a piece of cod, on potato salad to start...so tasty.  For some reason we were brought this twice...  bonus.

Bread selections were awesome. Recommend the pretzel bread.

1st course.  Truffled onion soup.  OMG, poured right at your table, I knew we were in for a great night!

2nd course. Seabass wrapped in chorizo.  Tasty.

3rd course.  Braqised ribs.  mmmmm.  Good sauce, great meat.  Tender

4th course.  Chocolate dessert, with the Peanut butter shot - a good end to the meal.

With fuji water and a couple drinks, dinner was around $300 - very reasonable for this level of restaruant.

There is one table up top in the wine cellar - looks pimp - but you have to order the 6 course tasting menu with wine...  

bon apetit.
I loved the food here. I tried out the 4 course tasting menu with a group of friends a while back. The only thing i didn't like was the service. We had to wait at the bar area for more than 20 minutes although we had reservations and even after we were seated, had to wait some more for our waitress. Everything was extremely slow that night and the 4 courses felt like it took forever. 

My first course of the night was the truffled onion soup with duck. It was simply delicious and extremely savory.

Second came the chorizo wrapped sea bass. The flavors worked well together for another tasty dish. 

Third was the filet mignon. I opted to add the black truffle and foie gras with the filet for the additional fee but felt that it was totally worth it. The only thing is that the dish starts to become too overwhelming and heavy especially seeing as everything i've had before this has been heavy as well. Butttttttt it was almost THE BEST filet i've had. It completely melted in my mouth and was cooked to perfection.

By the time dessert came around with the chocolate souffle, i was stuffed beyond imagination but still had room for a couple bites. ;) 

all in all a great experience, i would have given them 4 stars if not for the service. :)
fleur de lys was delicious! i had the 4 course tasting menu and everything was good, from the little amuse bouche (a tiny piece of fried cod with a tiny taste of potato salad) to the dessert, which was my favorite part. (the tiny peanut butter shake was more peanutty than peanut butter itself, and so cute!) the truffled onion soup was also fantastic. i can't actually remember what i had for the second course... i'm sure it was tasty, if, apparently, rather forgettable. third course was the filet mignon; very good as well. the service was excellent and the restaurant itself was a super cool space with big, tall ceilings and a warm, comfortable feel.

i would suggest that you allot plenty of time when dining here; the pace is relaxed, which isn't a bad thing and gives you lots of time to savor your meal; i just wish i hadn't been so stressed about making it to the tour we had reservations for after our meal.
I went to the Fleur de Lys for my birthday. I had the four-course tasting menu. The Truffled Onion soup was creamy, rich, and decadent. The Veal and Yukon Gold Potato Ravioli was earthy, but probably my least favorite thing of the night. The main entrée was Stout Braised Short Ribs, which I could barely touch because everything was so rich. I craved something acidic. Dessert was a trio that included caramel popcorn ice cream, a peanut butter shake, and something else. I also got a berry cake for my birthday, and there were some petit fours that came before the check. I also had a Guava Bellini, which was refreshing and pretty (it had edible flowers as a garnish). 

The service was excellent, probably because it was a slow night. The décor, on the other hand, was a little lacking- dim and blah in neutral tones. As the waiter walked by, our table shook a little because I guess the flooring was not very sturdy. Overall, it was a great experience, but perhaps I should have chosen different things off of the menu to have a more balanced meal.
i went here for restaurant week and they had a pre fixe menu.the restaurant was pretty amazing inside. i really liked the look and the ambience. it seemes pretty small but there were long flowing white curtains all over that seperated the tables. it was dimly lit and felt very romantic and relaxing.

the onion soup was very delightful. i did enjoy the amuse bouche before that. i had the braised short ribs for my entree and omg it was amazing. it was like velvet in your mouth. the meat just melts in your mouth. and every course had a wine pairing wc was awesome. the chocolate dessert was alright. nothing crazy but was still good. 

the service was fantastic. our server was really accomodating and personable. she explained everything and even wrote down the names of the wines for me to check out.

i will definitely be back here. its a really good date place as well.
I can't believe my favorite restaurant closed. =(

Some of the best dining experiences ever were at Fleur de Lys. Loved Hubert Keller's intagrated Spanish-French-American fusion.

RIP, braised short ribs on a bed on polenta.
THE RESTAURANT IS NOT CLOSED!!! They were remodeling [ppl, get your facts straight]

BTW, I love this place...the onion truffle soup is amazing and they have this prime rib-eye that just melts in your mouth. Love it
Now called "Fleur" and a casual tapas menu.  It is absolutely delicious.  My recommendations would be: ahi tuna tacos, skirt steak, mac n cheese and the mussels were my favorite.  You can also order anything off the dessert menu, they are all incredible.  Keller was very nice and came to our table to say hello and take a photo.
One of the BEST (if not the BEST) dining experiences EVER. From the hostess to the servers, busboys, runners, manager, the kitchen, and to the MAN, himself, Hubert Keller - i have one word - AMAZEBALLS! Amazing staff - so competent, knowledgeable, attentive, and super friendly. You can tell they all love working for Hubert!  Without an extraordinary team, it would have not have done the food any justice.

The remodeled restaurant is now simply, FLEUR. Recently re-opened just 3 weeks ago.The menu has been revamped to be more of a tastings menu, small dishes. MY OH MY.....just mouthwatering and I just savored every bite.  Each plate came out more impressive than the previous - so delicate, so purposeful. Between us 3 ladies, we sampled 12 dishes! Don't get me wrong, we were full after 8 dishes, but it was so good, we wanted to try more. The kitchen must have thought we were food critics or something!
(Must try's - chocolate souffle, melon martini dessert, cuttlefish ball with remoulade, sweet spicy wings, beef carpaccio, mini tacos, mac and cheese, everything!)

To add to our wonderful dining experience, Chef Keller was at the restaurant. He was on the floor mingling with other guests. I was so excited, I almost jumped out of my heels! We asked our server if it was possible to take a photo with him, and she said it would not be a problem. "He is one of the nicest people, and it would be his pleasure."  Before our food arrived, Chef Keller made his way back to the floor, and he made a bee line for our table. We were 3 grown women swooning over him like we were teenagers. Ohmygoodness, he was incredibly sweet and such a gentleman. Shook our hands and leaned down to make sure we had eye contact and thanked us for coming. So funny, but as soon as he came out to talk to us, a group of ladies walking by ( we sat on the patio) recognized him from the Top Chef, and shrieked with delight and bear hugged him over the rail. Hahahah. He was so gracious, took photos with them, and then turned back to us to apologized for the interruption. No big deal for us, it was just so nice to see him make sure he acknowledge everyone.

After such an unforgettable dining experience, we were told the kitchen would like to send out some more desserts. WHAT? oh heck yah!  So incredibly nice.....we were treated to a pineapple carpaccio, delicately sliced with sorbet, a mixed berry with honey roasted nuts and cream.

Simply - THANK YOU! I can't wait to come back again and again and again.
The customer service was impeccable. I was so forgetful that I forgot to print the gift certificate given to me. The restaurant manager was kind enough to print it out for us so that we can use it for our dinner. The food was unforgettable. My favorites were the onion soup and the Grand Marnier souffle. The steak was so perfectly cooked that it just melts in your mouth. We will definitely go back to Fleur de Lys again.
A full review will eventually develop for the blog, but for the time being all I will say is that this should be on your Las Vegas "short list" for moderately priced dinner or an expensive lunch.

French Tapas is the concept, the room layout is divine, the staff is will trained and educated, and the food is wonderful.  From a Foie Gras parfait to elegant and delicate gnocchi with basil and tomatoes, from souffle to flaming tableside absinthe......and please don't miss on the best Croque Monsieur in Vegas.

The four of us went three days after opening and Chef Keller was in house - he signed autographs and posed for pictures with my mother and aunt.....seems a humble man despite his recent fame due to Top Chef.
Fleur is Keller's new incarnation of the old Fleur De Lys.  We were considering Robuchon, Le CIrque, Guy Savoy (you know, the REALLY fancy places, like Fleur De Lys was) for my birthday dinner, and I eventually though that we had such a wonderful time here last time, why not do it again.  Well, a little research and we realized that the old restaurant no longer existed, however, in its same space is a Keller small plates place with a few of the old standards (onion soup, fleurburger) and food that's still wonderful, but in small portions with MUCH smaller prices.  That kind of made the decision for me, because where else whee I could get phenomenal food in several courses for $120-$200, here I could do the same while picking and choosing from the entire menu for even less money.

We went a little crazy with the ordering.  My passionfruit cocktail was delicious, and my girl's cocktail sampler was great, the cherry one being both of our favorite.  Follow our

AMAZING:
Gnocci - these puppies were absolutely light and pillowy.  Amazing, but not lacking in flavor, as the tomato and pesto sauce underneath was strong and pungent and reduced-tasting.  Perfect.

Onion soup:  These little cups on heaven are much the same as the dish from the old Fleur De Lys, sans duck.  Only $4 on the menu, you MUST have these.  They taste of sweet carmelized onion and butter in a way that can only be described as what god would make if god were trying to capture the essence of the two ingredients for some kind of sick heaven-ambrosia nectar that only heaven-creatures get to sip.  Unbelievably delicious.

Italian style meatballs:  These things are mildly spicy, meaty-but-not-chewy, balls of gorgeousness only fortified by the salty minestrone-like garnish of red sauce beneath them.  They come three to an order, but I could've eaten like 9 before dropping dead of happy.

Yukon gold potato and veal ravioli :  Great veal reduction underneath.  The cardoons added a nice, kind of artichoke-y depth, and the micro greens on top give the dish a grassy, not-too-heavy layer.

Pork Schnitzel:  Expertly pounded breaded (my girl has a German grandmother and has lived in Germany) and fried, this schnitzel is great because it's a fried dish that doesn't feel like it's going to weigh you don.  The potato salad it comes with is great (if possibly only lacking a little more vinegar), and the lingonberry dollop on the plate makes you feel like you're finally eating something way better than the stuff you get at Ikea without having to fly to Scandinavia.

Braised Hamachi:  These pillows of fish also remind you of the gnocci in that they're cooked perfectly, which is just enough for your teeth to sink into flesh that is neither raw nor fully cooked.  Th soy-ginger foam is the perfect salty-earthy compliment to the umami of the pickles shitakes.

Nampol Meesa Wings:  Chef de Cuisine Steven Wolf told us these were invented by one of Fleur's chefs at the old Fleur de Lys to feed the 
kitchen staff when the rest of the birds was used and the wings were left behind.  To me, they taste like LA's Koreatown, or like they've been soaked/braised in soy, in a very good way.  The salt is balanced with a little bit of sweet, and the meat falls right off the bone into your mouth, while the chicken skin maintains just a hint of crispiness on the outside (thank god).  With a little more crispiness in the skin, these things are perfect.  These are a fun, delicious, if not highly gourmet answer to wings. Plus, it's great to see what chefs do with a part of the bird no one really wants to eat as anything but a wing.

GOOD:
Skirt Steak:  Steak was well-cooked, although chimmichurri isn't my favorite things in the world (parsley is a waste of an herb, if you ask me).  My indifference may have something to do with the fact that the dish was (appropriately) served near the end of the meal and by this point we were getting VERY full.

Brick Dough-wrapped prawns:  These were served compliments of the chef, which was lovely. Actually the most expensive small plate on the menu, the prawns were sweet, delicate, and delicious, and the tropical fruit salad on the bottom was so wonderful I ate it separately.  Together, however, the dish was a little less harmonious, and by that I only mean it didn't blow me away, but it was still great. I like my shrimp rather savory, but for people who dig a sweeter twist with your protein, go for it.

Maple Glazed Pork Ribs: These were presented under a glass dome, which holds in a bunch of smoke that eclipses the riblets until removed at the table, when the smoke dissipates away in a cloud of elusive backyard-ness. The ribs themselves are cut into little bites, are are kind of a mix between traditional Southern bbq and sweet, hoisiny, Chinese ribs, leaning towards the Chinese side and leaving your fingers, should you be plebian enough to use them, sticky.

Desserts were all phenomenal, but but the panna cotta and coconut soup RULE.  DON'T MISS 'EM!
Okay, deep breath.  Let me just say, the last time I was in Vegas, I treated myself to the tasting menu at Fleur dy Lys, and LOVED it.  At that time, I wrote a rave review here on Yelp.  I was looking forward to another fabulous meal when I made reservations to dine at Fleur last week.  I was disappointed.  The dining room was noisy from the opening to the casino and the loud music from the speakers.  There were only a handful of tables with diners when I arrived.  I was there on the fifth day of Fleur's new reformatting.  Perhaps the memory of my previous meal at Fleur dy Lys (which was one of my all time favorites) tarnished my view of the new Fleur, but even the dishes I ordered did not stand up to the quality that I experienced from Hubert Keller previously.  I started with a Ceaser salad that was so oily I only ate a few bites.  The presentation of the onion soup was fun, but the soup itself wasn't especially memorable.  The proportion of the pickled shitake to the braised hamachi was off.  It might've worked better with half the amount of mushrooms.  I enjoyed the mac & cheese served in a cast iron pot, which was inspired by the Top Chef Master's episode where Chef Keller strained the pasta in a dorm shower.  I loved the chocolate souffle that was served with chocolate ganache.  Yum!  My review actually moved from two to three stars, because my meal ended so well.  The souffle was perfect, and I got to meet Chef Keller himself!  woo hoo!
We ordered The Feast - Eat the Menu which means we had the chance to taste each menu item. That's right, everything. It was overwhelming and awesome. Plus it made it easy...no need to order. 

Link to their menu: 
http://www.mandalaybay.com/images/Dining/fleur_by_hk_menu.pdf

So you know, there were 4 of us, so this was quite the undertaking. For reference, our waiter told us the table behind us had ordered The Feast as well...there were 7 of them.

Highlights:
parmesan paprika popcorn - salty, buttery and light, yummy, the only thing we kept on our table the entire time 
P.E.I. mussels - hadn't had them before, these were seasoned very well in a pesto-y sauce
maple glazed pork ribs - tasted good but were worth getting for the spectacular presentation...delivered in a glass dome full of smoke since they are smoked to order
cheese platter - nice selection of cow and sheep cheese, honeycomb went well with the softer cheeses
croque monsieur - was looking forward to this and was not disappointed, authentically French
filo wrapped shrimp - large shrimp wrapped in phyllo with a sweet salsa
pork schnitzel - well prepared with nice accompaniments, German potato salad, lingonberry jam, cucumber salad
burrata - this young mozzarella was soft and delicious, bread was lightly toasted 
onion soup - this is one dish from Fleur de Lys that made it onto Keller's new menu, smooth, creamy and very savory with a hint of truffle - my favorite thing on the menu...sadly, you only get 4 shots of it per order :(
scallion, lemon, basil risotto - perfect texture and a slightly lemony flavor, served very hot, as it should be
chocolate souffle and tabasco ice cream  - souffle was baked to perfect and our waiter added hot ganache tableside, the tabasco ice cream was interesting and tasted good with the souffle (much sweeter and creamier than I anticipated)
coconut soup - the coconut milk based broth was sweet and slightly thickened, tapioca pearls added substance and the sorbet was very flavorful
tiramisu - their version is classic and delicious, one of the desserts we actually finished, as we were obviously very full by the end (we were very full when we were 1/2 way through)

Less Yummy Items - since everything was pretty damn good:
Kushi oysters - those who tried them did not like but the presentation was great, they came on a block of ice with liquid nitrogen, the margarita sorbet that came with them was pleasant and could have gone well with other items
"in the shower" lobster mac and cheese - macaroni was very similar to boxed Kraft or something like that, lobster chunks were there but everything else was off
pan con tomate - I don't like raw tomatoes and these were not done enough, others enjoyed the dish

The 30 or so dishes I have neglected to mention were all enjoyable. I also had a few nice glasses of pinot noir...they have a very extensive wine list and they still have the wine room from Fleur de Lys. To top off the meal we decided to inhale and drink absinthe. They have quite a selection and our server was knowledgable. He lit the 75 proof absinthe and inverted the cup into another full of some fruit nectars. We then used straws to inhale the alcohol vapor that accumulated in the original cup. It was interesting. I didn't actually drink the absinthe, which was called Mansinthe (Marilyn Manson's brand - really,) because it tasted like rubbing alcohol. I don't know how anyone drinks it. One sip really warmed me up, though.
2011 has started beautifully and this meal was just one of the highlights of its' first week. 

Fleur De Lys shut its doors (and broke my heart) and then opened up as Fleur by Hubert Keller (and soothed my aching heart). We were walking around Mandalay and saw that the place was open. We also caught eye of Hubert Keller going around the restaurant to the tables to catch up with diners. We made reservations for a late dinner.

Service was impeccable, the ambiance was great especially for a place that is priced so well and is a "small plate/Tapas" restaurant. The only complaint I have is that the Sushi Bar across becomes a nightclub of sorts 11pm onwards. If you are willing to listen to a Santana cover band while savoring delicate food, plan for a late meal. If you are like me, I will be trying to avoid this assault on my ears and dine a little earlier.

Our order:

1. Ceci Frito ($5)- Fried Chickpeas (a little coating of cornflour) and preserved lemons. Best chickpea preparation I've ever had. We ordered 3 plates since we loved it so

2. Hummus & Baba Ganoush ($6) - The highlight here was the flat bread (free refills). The bread was smooth, thin and had a sparse sprinking of paprika/red chili powder that gave it a slight kick

3. Onion Soup ($6) - This was one dish from Fleur De Lys that they've brought here. Served in cute shot glasses, one order is 4 glasses and tastes sweet, smooth and tasty with a dollop of truffle oil on it

4. Risotto ($8) - With scallion, lemon and basil, this creamy risotto with generous parmesan shavings was a hearty bowl and very satisfying

5. Wild Mushroom Ragout ($9) - Various mushrooms (oyster etc) in a medley and reduced in a creamy concoction. Star of the meal!

6. Gnocchi ($9) - Velvety soft homemade pasta with a thick tomato sauce and pesto. Perfection in a bite

7. Coconut Soup ($7) - Another import from the old Fleur De Lys. Passion fruit sorbet settles on top of a soup of coconut and sago pearls and sprinkled with freeze dried fruit. 2 servings per order. The freshest desert I have ever had. 

I'm brimming with joy that Hubert Keller is back with a vengeance. I love it and Fleur by Hubert Keller is once again one of my favorite restaurants in the world!
I went their for the first time for Lunch it was amazing global small plates is what they offer and hands down thats what they should be called not tappas . I had alot of great food crab avocado sphers a must have . The wings named after their chef in the kitchen also very unique But the most life changing cuban pinni i have ever had . i am goig back tommarow to get another one and try a few more items.
(4.5 stars) I was a little skeptical of the high reviews, but I can now say they are spot on. In fact, I had such an exceptional meal that I ended up eating at the bar the next night. Thus, I got to end up trying 20+ items. I knew I would like this place right off the bat when they had Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA along with great bar snacks. As others mention, you cant miss the tuns tacos, onion soup, ravioli, skirt steak, etc. One dish not mentioned yet that I loved was the scallops (never had a better cooked scallop). For such an ambitious menu, I was surprised how well executed everything was. Sure, some dishes were simple and straightforward, but others went way beyond what you would typically find in the small plate/tapas concept. Service was great with the exception of the pacing of the food, but between the extensive menu, two major conventions in town and the restaurant being a few weeks old, it is understandable. I would certainly put this on the short list of places in Las Vegas.
WOW.

A vegas joint that delivers a non-vegas experience.

Hubert Keller is a gifted lad. and I am pleased that his gift has not been polluted like so many of the other named chefs.

I have always been a fan of the small plates concept, Spain nailed it years ago and appetizers are just about the right size to take a risk on something.

This take is refreshing in so many ways. It is one of those places that you spend a lot of time looking at the other tables to see what creation they have.

We had :
The salt cod fritters
Smoked ribs
Oysters on dry ice
Skirt steak
Merguez sausage
Hamachi
Souffle
Cheesecake Popsicle

It was all perfect. (wouldn't bother with the cheesecake again or the sausage not bad just so many other things to try) 

Best bit about eating here (in vegas) was that the service was actually up to par with the food.
I was hugely disappointed in this place.

But let me explain.  I was very hyped up to eat here having heard how great it was.  We got a little worried when we learned later that this was no longer Fleur de Lys but became just "Fleur" and started serving tapas.  No matter though!

The decor and atmosphere were pretty nice though.  It was very pretty and you were able to see the wine storage room from the bottom floor.  I guess there's ONE dining table in the wine storage area (it's a really cool looking area).  But uh, ladies... don't get a table there and wear a skirt.  Everyone on the bottom floor can almost see up your skirt.

The service was good.  Waiters were friendly and attentive.  So far... this place is doing well.  Ok, now on to the more important stuff. 

We each ordered drinks.  Now mixed drinks started at $15, which is pretty pricey and they went up to $35.  I'm talking mixed drinks, not wines and the like (which obviously can go much higher).  I ordered the Absinthe Frappe, which wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing.  My dining partners all thought their drinks were decent but not great (as in wasn't worth $15).  We would have no problems with the drinks at $10, but for $15 or more we would've expected it to make us nod and say "wow, this is pretty good."

Now on to the food:

Paprika Popcorn.  It wasn't bad, but it tasted seriously like popcorn with some salt and paprika.  It WAS the cheapest thing on the menu so ok, sure.  We got it because we figured it would be something to munch on while we waited for the other things to come.   But it was really quite small and we easily finished it way too quickly.

Oysters.  I'm not a fan of oysters so I can't talk about the taste.  On the other hand the presentation?  Incredibly cool.  Dry ice and mist rising from a really cool looking contraption.  The oysters themselves were small and you only get 3.  Friends said it tasted pretty good but not great and it they were small oysters.

Chicken Croquette w/ Water Cress salad.  This was actually pretty tasty.  but you got 4 fish stick sized croquettes with some water cress salad on it.  Pretty tasty though.

Risotto.  I thought it was pretty good myself.  Not amazing but pretty good.  My friend who likes risotto though says she has had much better, though it was decent.

Mushroom Ragout.  I actually liked this quite a bit.  The mushrooms were tasty and well seasoned.  Of course I the problem is probably could've eaten the whole thing in 2 or 3 mouthfuls though (but then again you normally don't shove that much food in your mouth at once when you're fine dining).

Hamachi.  This was quite tasty.  The fish was good and the shittake mushrooms underneath were flavorful and tasty.  Definitely not a lot though.

Mac & Cheese.  Mac and Cheese and lobster seems to be a really  popular combination.  I liked it.  I've had mac & cheese + lobster in multiple places though and it wasn't any better than the other places.  My friends also agreed other places had better Mac & Cheese + Lobster.  But personally I thought it was pretty tasty.  Small portions though (see a trend?) .  I'd say you got about as much as two and a half tea cups (the ones you use in a Chinese restaurant).

Onion Soup.  It was pretty tasty.  It comes with 4 shot glasses filled with soup.  Well they're probably the size of 2 shots, but pretty much you get the equivalent of 8 shots of soup.  Fairly tasty.

Sliders.  The sliders themselves were quite tasty.  The meat was tender, juicy and flavorful.  The fries... well you got like 10 fries.  And they're not like steak fries.  Imagine getting 10 McDonalds fries. And they were just ok.

Personally the rating break down goes something like this:

Ambience: Great
Service: Good
Drinks: Meh
Food Taste: Decent to Good
Food Portions: Laughably small
Food Bang for Buck: Meh
If Fleur wasn't so disorganized it would deserve five stars. I've been to 20+ tapas-style places and I've never had a place forget what I ordered or take 15+ minutes between tapas.

Besides that, they couldn't squeeze us in for a 6pm reservation but when we got there for our 6:45 reservation, the place was half empty. I get the "fake it til you make it" model, but we had a show to get to, so it was irritating.

Thank god the food was worth it. The Yukon Gold & Veal raviolis were fantastic as were the Onion Soup shots and the BBQ smoked ribs. Thanks Yelper for the recommendations on those!

Chicken wings were good but not great and the sliders were practically raw that even my very carnivorous boyfriend ate around the edges.

Good news, if you're a fan of the Sazerac, they serve it with legit Absinthe. Boyfriend thought it was a little weak, but supposedly it's the bartenders favorite drink to make.

I'd definitely come back, just with a few different selections and more time to eat.

By the way, that wagyu steak served on lava rock that everyone mentions is $75, so unless you're looking to spend, don't come here specifically for that. Otherwise the prices were between $5-$15 which was reasonable for Vegas and the quality of the food.
Nitrogen chilled drinks... I will say no more.
Oh, I guess I will say some more, excellent selection of Absinthe.
Menu has no trouble to keep up as well!
No, it didn't smell like a flower.  Nor did the food taste like a flower... but yes, this is a shortened name from Fleur de Lys.  Keller is a genius, so don't miss out next time you visit Vegas (he has a few other restaurants if you're interested in those)

A late dinner, so the restaurant was fairly quiet... and the server was slow and disinterested.  About halfway through the meal, a bar across the way started playing 80s/90s covers which could be heard loudly in the bar.  I'd avoid late night dinners at Fleur due to the fact that the music kills the mood!  [But I won't let it bring this yelp review down, as dinner was still delicious.]  The atmosphere there is pleasant and the décor is nice.  A nice place for a quiet meal in Mandalay Bay that was priced high but not too much so that it broke the bank.

We ordered the following:  1) Chicken croquettes, which had a nice flavor, were soft and delicious, with a clean presentation as it was served with a few greens.  If I returned, I'd pass on this dish - for what you got, it wasn't worth it.  2) Sliders, two of these came with a few French fries in a shot glass 25% full of ketchup.  French fries were an easy pass - the sliders were perfect.  3) Croque monsieur.  This is one of my all time favorite sandwiches, and the one there hit the mark.  It was a mini sized sandwich with great presentation and delicious cheese.  Go there, order this, and enjoy.  4) Gnocci.  Very well balanced and fragile tasting.  Small in size.

The coffee with cream was served up at the table next to ours, and it was served in a spectacular way.  I'm not a coffee drinker, but next time I'd like to see what all the show was about.  I'll return, with a flower in my hair...
(3.5 stars)

Mandalay Bay's Fleur de Lys (an offshoot of the Michelin Star SF restaurant) has been re-imagined as Fleur By Hubert Keller (with a move from fine dining to tapas style).  I am not sure why they made the change.  Maybe it was due to the economy and they wanted to provide something less expensive and more approachable.

I never visited Fleur de Lys, but the decor seems similar.  Contemporary room with a warm feel.  High ceilings provide an open feel.  There is enough spacing between the tables to make conversation easy.  The wall still has the Fleur de Lys' wall decor (stones and rose decoration).  They have swapped out the white tablecloth for simple lacquered wood tables.

We tried several dishes, which were all well presented.  While most (if not all) of the dishes were probably cooked and tasted okay, they were not very memorable.  Also, the portions were dainty (even for tapas) so the food felt a little pricey.  Here is a rundown on what we tried.

(Cheese Platter - 4.5 stars) One of the best cheese dishes I've had.  They had a great assortment of cheeses that ranged in flavor and texture (including a pungent cheese that was presented in delicate ruffled layers like exotic mushroom petals).  Good toasts (including a sweet fruit and nut toast).  There were also good garnishes including honey, a fruit paste and a grape salad (that actually looked a lot better than it tasted).

(Tiramisu - 4 stars) The tiramisu was good--nice cream, good coffee flavor and good ladyfingers.  Simple but satisfying.  The dessert was served with biscotti, which was just okay.

(Tuna Tacos - 4 stars) These little crunchy tacos featured raw tuna, jalapeno, lime cilantro, and cabbage.  Good flavor, fresh and nice contrasting textures.  It was good but would not be among the best tuna dishes I've had.

(Peking Duck - 3.5 stars) The duck breast was served with sauteed greens, caramelized pearl onions and date puree.  The flavors were mostly sweet and good; the greens did provide a little bitterness.  The duck was pink and juicy though not the best quality; the skin could have been more crisp.

(Skirt Steak Topped With Chimchurri, Fingerling Baked Potato And Heirloom Tomato Salad - 3.5 stars) The heirloom tomato salad was fresh and was dressed in a vibrant vinaigrette.  The very tiny fingerling baked potato was topped with creme fraiche and chives.  It was okay, but when something is that small and cute, it needs to be great.  The skirt steak was juicy and tasty.

(Yukon Gold Potato & Veal Ravioli - 3.5 stars) The pasta was very thin (almost translucent) and looked like Asian dumplings.  The inside veal filling was okay but not great.  It tasted pretty good though.  It was served with Tallegio cheese, which had a great flavor.

(Panna Cotta With Berries Compote And Sorbet - 3 stars) The vanilla panna cotta was creamy and light, but it was overwhelmed by the heavy topping of strong and tart berries.  The sorbet was a little too icy.

(Foie Gras Mousse With Huckleberry Gelee - 3 stars) The cold foie gras mousse was served in a glass and was topped with a gelee of sweet huckleberry (and accompanied by brioche toasts).  Good mix of salty and sweet but nothing spectacular.

(Hummus And Baba Ganoush - 2.5 stars) One of the dips had a strong garlic flavor (can't remember which one).  Served with pita bread.  Okay but pretty standard stuff.

(Angus Sliders With Red Onion, Cheese And Pear - 2.5 stars) The sliders featured juicy meat and good housemade buns.  There was too much onion though; it was overpowering.  There was a little bit of thin matchstick fries, which were just okay.

(Chocolate Souffle With Chocolate Ganache And Mango Ice Cream - 2.5 stars) The chocolate souffle looked great.  Great rise and a nice design (fleur) on top.  The souffle was not right though--it was way too spongy.  Also, the chocolate ganache tasted burnt.  The ice cream was creamy and good.

(Cheesecake Lollipops - 2 stars) These firm cheesecake lollipops were decorated with graham crackers and chocolate.  They looked good, but they were just okay.

(Salt Cod Fritters - 2 stars) These lightly breaded hush puppies did not have a great fish center--mostly bread.  The outside was kind of soft.  While the fritters were not bland, they had a pretty boring flavor.  The romesco dipping sauce was thick and did not improve the dish.

Service was very good.  Great staff with many friendly, polite and attentive team members.

If Fleur was a little cheaper and the portions were bigger, I would have liked it more.  The food was decent, but if the food tasted as good as it looked, I would have walked away much more satisfied.  Still, Fleur was significantly better than the other Vegas tapas spot I tried--Julian Serrano at Aria.

Located in Mandalay Bay, parking is complimentary (valet or self-parking structure).
An absolutely wonderful dining experience. We tried almost everything on the menu and everything was fantastic. Each dish brings uniqueness that leaves you wanting more and more. Killer food, affordable price, great wine. Perfection.
Fleur is WONDERFUL.  My husband and I ate there this past weekend and loved it.  

We had the Onion Soup (my favorite), the tuna tacos, the sliders, the gnocci, the prawns, the cheesecake lolipops (hubby's favorite), and the chocolate souffle.  We also had a few cocktails, which were excellent and then added a Decadent Flight of the chocolate/coffee cocktails with our dessert.  We didn't know what to expect and were very pleasantly surprised by this place.

We sat at a table towards the back of the bar and were not sitting totally out in the open courtyard area that extends into the hotel walkway, which I preferred.

All in all this place was FANTASTIC and is a must visit on future trips.
Last year I took my wife to Fleur de Lys for her birthday and we had one of the best meals we've ever had. A year later, we're back. Although now it's just called Fleur and the concept has changed to a more casual eatery serving small plates (don't call it tapas... it's not a Spanish restaurant!). 

They've got a larger "patio" and a central bar, along with a new facade that looks like part of a huge wicker picnic basket (I'm not a fan). The inside of the dining area is lighter -- they stripped out all the curtains -- and more open and replaced the roses mounted on the stone wall with corks. They were going with a casual feel and they got it. The space also felt a lot smaller than I remember.

Every dish we tried ranged from good to excellent:

Oysters ($10) - margarita sorbet, orange purée. 3 per order. The presentation is cool with the use of dry ice in a rectangular box with stones and seaweed. The sweetness of the sorbet and purée dominated any trace of the brininess or meatiness of the oysters. It was good, but an overly sweet way to start off the meal.

Crab and avocado sphere ($14) - watermelon gazpacho. Another sweet dish thanks to the avocado and watermelon. It was good, but could have used something more savory in it.

Tuna tacos ($11) - jalapeños, lime cilantro. Amazing! The big, fat chunks of tuna were so fresh and silky smooth. It was the perfect blend of hot and cold and soft and crunchy. I want a dozen of these to go!

Peking duck ($15) - greens, pearl onions, date purée. This is one duck dish that will make me forget about all others. Tender, juicy, rich and savory. And, the skin was crispy too. One bite with the other ingredients (that date purée was damn good) and I was in heaven.

Skirt steak ($15) - chimmichurri, roasted fingerling potato, creme fraiche. The greens, tomato, and potato were all good but the steak was a bit tough and chewy. My least favorite dish of the night.

Tiramisu ($8) - coffee-marsala ladyfinger, mascarpone, chocolate. I'm no expert at tiramisu, but this was delicious. So good I wanted to lick every last drop out of the dish.

For beverages, we had two glasses of wine, a Chimay Grande Reserve, and the best porter I've ever had -- a Meantime London Porter. Sure, I don't know much about beer, but it was amazing! It had a sweet, smokey taste and a really smooth finish. 

The service was ok. Our waiter was working a few tables so we didn't see him very often. The pace of the meal wasn't bad, just a little on the slow side. We were celebrating my wife's birthday and they did write happy bday on the tiramisu plate, but I was expecting, at the very least, some petit fours or some other complimentary item to end the meal. Maybe I was expecting too much but even at a place like Applebee's don't they give you something for free on your birthday?

I would definitely come here again to try other items (and order more tuna tacos and another porter or two). But, I would hope that the service picks up. This place is still a little rough around the edges, but very close to being a 5 star dining experience. We ended up spending $165 (incl. tax and tip). In this city and for that kind of food, that's not bad. Too many times, at other restaurants, I've spent twice that for inferior food.
4.5 stars overall? I have to wonder if I was at the same establishment. My experience was a 2-3 star experience MAX. Food was just not up to par for me. We ordered:

Oysters - I didn't have any, but the table thought they were good overall. 
Tuna tacos - nothing spectacular. Tasted like something any sushi joint would have, except the sushi joint would probably taste better.
Wings - Go for these if you like soy sauce chicken. Nasty.
Cod fritters - Didn't taste the fish at all. Looked like crab, but just tasted like fried dough
Pork Ribs - TASTELESS although very tender
Mac and Cheese - INEDIBLE. Worst mac and cheese I've ever had in my life. I thought it was inedible. Maybe these were not my style, but I don't like my mac swimming in cheese soup. Not cheesy.
Prawns - Fruit was good, but nothing you can't get from a regular vietnamese restaurant for a fraction of the cost. $17 for two shrimp - rip! These were shrimp, not prawns.
Hummus and baba ganoush - most uninspired dish of the night, yet it was the best dish of the night.
Mushrooms - extremely salty! Paired well with the tasteless ribs.
Sliders - Good, but I've had better. 

The food was so blah that we skipped dessert. Left very disappointed.
This place was pretty good. When we first walked in my initial thought was this isn't going to be a good dining experience cause it was so packed, but we got seated the server was on top of it.

i had the tasting menu and nothing really stood out to me where I could tell you how my experience was, but because our server was so excellent, i felt that they deserved 3 stars.
By Elaine and Scott Harris

Chef Hubert Keller does it again in Las Vegas with his name sake Fleur by Hubert Keller located in the Mandalay Bay in the venue previously occupied by his renowned Fleur de Lys.  Chef Hubert Keller is known throughout the world not only as a classically trained French  Chef but an author and TV host has well. 



We had dined at Fleur de Lys in Las  Vegas several times over the years and were always impressed with the classic décor , unique chefs table, immaculate service and of course great French cuisine as only Chef Keller could create.  Fleur's concept of tapas had us wondering how this would work as we walked into Chef Keller's newest creation.  
Walking into Fleur you first notice its " open air " casual tables and a lively bar with plasma TVs. As we walked past the tables near the bar guided by our hostess to our table in the main dining room we gazed upward to the Chefs table overlooking the dining room surrounded by hundreds of bottles of wine which brought back fond memories of Fleur de Lys . The décor in the main dining room features earth tones of brown and beige with lighting in the shape of trees which gives guest a warm inviting feeling.
"Fleur is about globally inspired Tapas" stated GM Owen Deignan as he met us at our table and welcomed us to Fleur.  The word "global" inspired us so we put ourselves in the very capable hands of   Chef Keller and his Chef de Cuisine  Steven Wolf.
Our first stop as always,  was  perusing  through the very extensive wine list. The wine list features most of the "trophy" wines that you would expect from a venue such as Fleur but also offered a nice variety of wines from $ 60.00 and up. We chose a nice Cote du Rhone that we expected should pair well with whatever Chef Keller and Chef Wolf sent out. 


 tuna tacos jalapeño, lime cilantro
 
  When our very attentive server brought out the AHI  Tuna Tacos , the dish was so pleasing to the eye we just wanted to stare at before we went any further.  The expression " you eat with your eyes"   could not be more true of this dish. The pepper provided just the right heat and a nice avocado foam to cool things down made this a very balanced dish and one of our favorites of the night.

merguez sausage saffron couscous, harissa
 We waited with anticipation to see where the Chefs would take us for our next stop . A North African dish that is also popular in Northern Europe, The Merguez sausage  with saffron gave our palates at treat of some wonderful exotic flavors that Chef Keller creates better than none other.

angus sliders blue cheese, onion, bacon, pear
What would a Tapas restaurant be with out Sliders ?  Fleur does it as good as anyone with juicy Angus Sliders with creamy blue cheese , onion , crispy bacon and a nice contrast of pear.  We will come back  just to enjoy this dish once again.


crème brulée trio earl grey, orange, cookie dough  &
chocolate soufflé chocolate ganache and tobasco ice cream

After spending most of the night at Fluer dining our way around the world with Chef Keller could we have "room"for anything else ?  Of course  ! and it was now time for the finale and what a finale it was.  A Crème Brulee  trio featuring Earl Grey , Orange and Cookie was a exquisite introduction into one of the best Chocolate Souffle's we have had.  The lightness of the Earl Grey  was the perfect lead into the Souffle at the end. These dishes were decadant, delicious and should not be missed .


Fluer has a couple great specials to indulge in as well.  For those who enjoy Classic French wines and a one of a kind burger Chef Keller  offers his FleurBurger 5000 wagyu beef, foiruffle  gras, with A bottle of 1995 Château Petrus for $ 5000.00 . 

If the Fleur Burger is a little out of your range. Chef Kellers "in the shower" mac & cheese lobster, brunoise vegetable is a dish that he created for Master Chefs that really shows off his creativity in layering flavors.  

Chef Keller has captured what people are looking for in these days and times. His   culinary artistry is now available and approachable for families and many others than m
I feel silly for not realizing this was a "Tapas" style place when my boyfriend and I got excited at how inexpensive some of these delicious sounding items were. It was super late and we were hungry, but wanted something that would be unique, and me being a Top Chef fan, I really was excited about trying a Hubert Keller place!

When I saw the 5000 dollar burger on the menu, I knew something was up and asked our server, to which she shyly replied that they don't like to call it "tapas" here. My boyfriend was immediately weary but I was still pretty excited to try good food!

The best way to describe some of the food is "whimsical" - my boyfriend got chicken croquettes and the skirt steak, which said came with "fingerling potato." When it came out it was literally *one* fingerling potato made to look like a mini baked potato. I kind of laugh at this moment, but it was more of a sad laughter. I understand that the chef is trying to make his dishes a tad more affordable to the average person, but a single fingerling? I didn't know whether this was a joke to be admired or weirded out by.

Same with my dishes - I wish I had ordered a few more things, but I got some fried chickpeas, and the gnocchi. While they were *definitely* the best gnocchis I've had before, there were only four plated. Really brief dish that was hard to appreciate when theres so little there to remember!

However the desserts were definitely some of my favorite during the trip. I loved the cheesecake lollipops - they were beautiful, and tasted amazing - coated in white chocolate, gingerbread and a checkered short bread cookie, with fresh strawberry puree dipping sauce. We also got the creme brule sampler - Cookie dough, Lavender, and Earl Grey. These were so creamy, light and were meant to be eaten slowly. 

We were also given a complimentary lobster mac and cheese but neither of us eat fish so that was a bittersweet moment! We totally loved the gesture, though.

I am not against the idea of tapas but I think they should re-evaluate their plating to be a bit more giving due to the steep prices. I would have rather tried Bouchon than this, but serendipity left us at Fleur's door. Definitely a good light meal, however.
Went on the cheap and did the $55 prix fixe with $25 bottle of wine. Really great value. For course 1 had onion soup and mixed green salad. Its hard to wow on a basic salad but did they ever. It was the best dinner salad I've ever had, just so fresh and tender with heirloom tomatoes and great dressing and huge. Soup was good but smallish and rich. Had salmon and short rib, both very good. Simple but delicious. Trio of chocolate was incredible.
This is just like any other French Cafe joint--the portions are small, the prices are high. While the quality and presentation of the food was incredible, it's not a place for the everyday person to get full off from. If you want to get full off some heavy meat dish or something, don't come here. If you want to try some great food and drinks, then this is a good place to check out.

I remember getting Lobster Mac & Cheese. Pretty good--I'd recommend it. I'd also recommend the Skirt Steak.

The seating area is nice. It's a good place to grab a drink/bite and people watch or hang around in a small group. I wouldn't recommend coming here with a large group. There's also a lot of other great restaurants in the area so shop around before picking.
Overpriced, under-portioned, "global" tapas.

I was really underwhelmed with the food.  The best turned out to be the least expensive - the onion veloute shooters.  At $6, I should have ordered 6 of them and I would have been so much happier - creamy, tasty and fragrantly truffle-oiled.

Instead, here's what I ordered:

Crab and avocado sphere - not terribly different from a california roll, but a lot less filling.  Somewhat refreshing with the watermelon puree.

Tuna tacos - fresh, red tuna but completely boring.  Really, cilantro and a slice of jalapeno? Where's the creativity, people?  We didn't get any kind of foam on it.

Lobster mac n' cheese - mini-ramekin sized, but I enjoyed it.  Pasta was a bit overcooked, decent chunks of lobster.

Foie gras mousse with huckleberry gelee - this was not a mousse.  It wasn't even a pate, it was more of a hard cold butter consistency.  Together with the huckleberry gelee, it was reminiscent of a bad peanut butter jelly pairing.  

Also, it's a casual, noisy space - on the unfortunate night I was there, we could hear the wailings of bad karaoke going on in the casino floor.
Time to update.  If you read my original review, you will see that I was in love with Fleur de Lys.  Not only for the happy hour, my last visit involved the tasting menu with wine pairings in a private cabana which left me raving until they closed.  And then I cried.  Well not really but I was real sad.  You see, Fleur de Lys was like a sanctuary.  A quiet place with great food and bevs where we could escape.

So you can imagine how excited I was that they were reopening.  I knew they were reconcepting, but I wanted to give it a go anyway.  Last night was my first night in town so I made a reservation and went by asap.  

Well let me tell you.  I'm not that much of a fan.  The menu is a little bit of everything with small plates mostly in the $11 - $15 range but sprinkled with your token ridiculously expensive items.  Like the one for $5000.  Not joking.  There's a $5000 burger on the menu and, oh yeah, it comes with champagne.  I decided it should come with a hooker as well...or some fancy imported dijon hooker, or maybe two hookers.  Or maybe "burger" is code word for crack or something.  But we determined that it would have to be about 8 lbs of crack...plus the dijon hookers.

Anyhow, the decisions were difficult, as there was nothing all that interesting there.  Online it looked like they had a few prix fixe options but the only ones last night were "eat the menu" for like $485 and the couples Valentine menu.  I asked our server for recommendations and he said that the ravioli, skirt steak and the duck were the most interesting dishes.  Really?  Yeah.  I ordered the peking duck, the scallop goulash...and the veal ravioli when I was done with those because I was still starving.  The "peking" duck was really just a few small pieces of roast duck and the horseradish in the goulash was nonexistent.  The veal ravioli was pretty good, though.

I will say that Chef Keller was actually around last night and was very gracious, taking time to greet people and take photos with them.  Nice.

So anyway.  I'm sad again.  It seems like they've pretty much dumbed the place down to appeal to the masses.  The food is alright, but I felt like it was much better before and basically at the same price point.  They do have some cute presentations but a girl's gotta eat!  Three bites is not going to do it.
What a fantastic meal.  Amazing food and service, excellent prices, interesting and varied menu.  We are major carnivores, so if you're looking for insight into vegetarian items, this review will be of no interest to you.  

We decided not to go with the prix fixe because the dishes weren't as appealing to us as those on the regular menu and desserts are usually wasted on us--we really prefer savory items.  At $180/couple, it is a reasonable price, but we just wanted to sample other items.

The selections were fantastic--we chose 8 tapas (each selection is generally shareable between 2-3 people, with a couple of bites per person) and were completely full after the meal.  With a $45 bottle of wine, the meal came to around $175, which was a steal.

Our absolute favorite were the tuna tacos--the plate comes with three delicious petite crunchy tacos that combine perfectly with a raw piece of beautiful tuna, serrano, avocado cream, and cilantro.  One of the most well-balanced dishes I've had in awhile in terms of flavor and texture.  I could eat this every day.

Other recommendations include the steak tartar, cod fritters, sliders, mussels, and duck, all of which were mouth-wateringly delicious.  Would easily order again.  

The lobster mac and cheese and veal ravioli were both okay--would probably not order again.

Slight dings: We could hear the pounding bass music from one of the clubs at Mandalay Bay, but it's Vegas, so what do you expect.  Also, we had to wait about 15 minutes past our reservation time for the table, but quickly passed the time in the casino, so no big deal. 

Bottom line:  This is a perfect place for a delicious, fun, and interesting dinner in Vegas if you're not looking to break the bank but also want to stimulate your palate.
FOOD: 4
AMBIANCE: 3.5-4
SERVICE: 4
VALUE: 4

We tried a mixed bag of things... some I really liked, some I thought were meh... so, it evened out for me.
Here's some deats:

Skirt steak w/chimichurri sauce: The meat was delish but I found the chimichurri sauce just a little overpowering. I would still recommend it for meat loving peeps.

lobster mac n cheese: cheesy and delish...with a hint of lobster that is just right.

fried chick peas: my friend really liked them...I thought they were only ok.
kind of dry and really no reason to get these out at a place like this in my opinion.

tuna tacos- adorable presentation and SO yummy. I could eat about 3 orders myself! Yikes. Maybe that's not a good thing?

gnocchi- really delicious, light and yummy...

DESSERT: 
coconut tapioca with freeze dried fruit... as long as you are into tapioca, this is super yummy and different. I loved the texture of the freeze dried fruit and the passion fruit that was added.

pannecotta? Fresh, delicious, creamy, tart, sweet, amazing!

My pinot noir wine: delicious full bodied wine but it was pretty steep at $11. :(

AMBIANCE:
It's a cool little bar to meet people at and get a drink; they have a happy hour that I think went till 6:30pm, which is cool when you are there for a tradeshow.

SERVICE:
they were attentive, helpful with choices and everything was staged really well, seeing that it was tapas and often that sucks because everything comes out at the same time. They did a great job of keeping us happy. 

Definitely a great meal and I would come back...!!! Mmmm, just salivating over a tiny adorable baby taco right now.
I dined alone here today while taking a lunch break from the MAGIC tradeshow. I was so sick of eating that disgusting cafeteria food and I figured since my company's per diem was $80 a day, I might as well go to Fleur by Hubert Keller. I mean, why the hell not? 

I sat at the bar and the bartender recommended that I ordered 2-3 plates, since they are small European portions or tapas style. I settled for the beef sliders, hummus with pita bread, and the macaroni and cheese.

1. Beef Sliders-bacon and bleu cheese. The presentation was well done. Juicy and had good flavor. 

2. Hummus--The pita bread was seasoned well and baked perfectly. Hummus was better than the grocery store (but I would expect that from Hubert) but in the end, it was still hummus. Nothing out of this world

3. Macaroni and Cheese--I'm a mac and cheese girl, so this was so freaking delicious I wish I ordered 2 of these plates! Cheesy goodness with the right amount of crunch on top. Not too creamy/cheesy which was a huge plus. My favorite dish of the 3.

Total with tip: $44

Staff was nice, service was quick. Good experience, except for the anorexic chick who decided to point out that I was eating a lot for one person. She didn't say it directly to me, but to point to your much older boyfriend and say the word "a lot" right when you're sitting next to me--not cool. It's ok to eat a sandwich, honey!
this place was surprisingly great! the food and the service were both awesome, especially considering we had 13 people at dinner. i felt like we ate a lot and the bill wasn't too grand--$60 pp, alcohol and gratuity included. 

Some of my favs: 
scallop borscht (best dish of the night) 
steak tartare 
peking duck 
tuna tacos 
tomahawk ribeye 
coconut soup 
cheesecake lollipops 
skirt steak 

Things that were good, but not amazing: 
mac n' cheese (too fishy tasting) 
mussels 
hummus plate 
gnocchi 
mushroom ragout 
artichoke 
chicken croquettes 
sliders 
afforgatto 

Fleur is definitely a gem in Vegas.
If I were to base this review on Las Vegas restaurants, it would get 4 stars.  But since I live in the greatest city in the world, it gets 3.  

We had an 8:30 reservation on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was not full, which gave me a little bit of a nervous feeling.  This was "the restaurant" at Mandalay bay.  

The food was ok, nothing to brag about, but nothing disgusting either.  The service was bad until they gave us some free deserts (so averages out to "A-ok").  

I had a great time because of the company, but next time I am in Vegas, not going to come here.
One of the finest dining experiences in recent years.

Upon finding our way to Fleur inside the Mandalay bay, my first impression was that it was much more relaxed than I had anticipated.  We were greeted immediately and walked through the "patio" or "outside" seating area into the back of the restaurant.  Modern, simple, and unpretentious décor adorned the dimly lit restaurant.

The waiter explained the best way to experience Fleur was to order and share.  We complied and the food was phenomenal!

Oysters
Foie gras
tuna tacos
crab & avocado sphere
onion soup (BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT - MUST TRY)
prime tamahowk rib eye (40 oz)
creme brulee trio
coconut soup
chocolate souffle

Top Chef Master (Hubert was the winner in our minds) lived up to his reputation. 

will be returning for years to come...
We went on a Wednesday night, and it was fairly empty.  Dishes were delicious and presentation was excellent.  Each dish is small, so 4-5 items per person will be about right.  

I drop one star because there was a pretty big discrepancy between the actual menu and the menu posted on their website..  The tasting menu options (e.g. Vegetarian indulgence), are not actually available at the restaurant.
A-Not okay.

This room used to be really cool and intimate.  They opened up the 4th wall to the casino and installed a bunch of bigscreens to broadcast sportscenter.  Cheesey.

Enough with the mac and cheese and sliders and corndogs and popcorn and other garbage-y snacks.  We came for dinner.  The menu is full of stuff that jumped the shark 5 years ago, including the $5000 hamburger gimmick.

2 servers asked us what kind of bottled water we'd like and nobody came to take a drink order so we left after 15 minutes.  I know the economy is bad but Hubert should be ashamed of the joke this place has become.  Dumbed down and nonsensical menu.

Caesar salad, french onion soup, sliders, popcorn, fried chickpeas, gazpacho.  Enough.  Please stop.
That's a lot of money for a b urger. but the wine was ok.

time for sleep. 

night

and oh, it was for charity right?
I would have given this place a four star review, but when making the reservation we were led to believe that my friend would have more options as a vegan than what she was presented with when we arrived. I'm willing to be a little forgiving because of the fact that it was New Years and they'd changed the menu a bit, but I'd probably be reluctant to go if I had someone with dietary restrictions because of this experience.
As I have stated often on Yelp, I am an unabashed Top Chef Fan and I was Super excited to try Hubert Keller's new place.  Evidently, unlike some other Yelper's, I did some research and knew going in this was a "small plate" kind of place.  I am completely comfortable with this concept.  It allows people to try things without risking too much. 

I started with a fun Flight of three cocktails that  included The Sumo, made with Sake and Yuzu Juice.  The Fleurtini, a pomegranate based Martini and The Sparkling Peach Blossom, a mix of prosecco (I think) and Peach Nectar. Each glass came perched on a slice of Cucumber, which I ate after finishing each small drink to clear my palate.   Even though I am not a huge Mixed Drink Guy, this was a great way to experience a lot of different flavor combinations and was a lot of fun.

Next, I ordered the "In The Shower" Lobster Mac and Cheese.  I Loved it! I thought the portion was generous for the price and it was rich, creamy, cheesy and a delicious.  They may have tweaked the recipe and presentation recently because the dish didn't resemble the description by other Yelpers at all.  Mine came in a large artsy soup bowl (not a small Ramekin), had toasted breadcrumbs on top and was not runny at all.  At first, I didn't see much lobster, but soon discovered a ton of it at the bottom of the bowl. A quick stir and the excellently cooked, sweet lobster was evenly distributed throughout my dish.

For dessert, I debated the Coconut Soup or the Souffle, but decided on the Affogato a la LN2.  Trust me...This is a MUST for any Top Chef Fan or anyone interested in Avant Garde Cuisine. This version of the classic Coffee drink was made table side using Liquid Nitrogen to make a rich and amazingly smooth Bailey's Ice Cream.  Next, one of the best cups of espresso I've ever  had was poured over the Ice Cream.  The result was a wonderful combination of tastes, textures and temperatures.  I want to try the other desserts, but it will be difficult not to order this every time I am in Vegas!

My food at Fleur was Five Star quality.  I am deducting one star because my server seemed very distracted and disinterested in actually serving me.  I felt like the rest of the staff noticed this and went out of their way to check on me.  The space itself is very open and easy to navigate in a wheelchair.
Happy Birthday to ME!  5 of us went there on Friday night... GREAT service and GREAT food.  Started off with some drinks while they got our table together.  After we sat down, we ordered a cheese plate, a dried and cured meat platter, and Italian meatballs to start.  Ordered a second cheese plate ...YUM!  

After that, we were feeling very good and went all out... 
Lobster Mac and Cheese
Pork Schnitzel
Angus sliders x2
Tuna Tacos x2
Crab and Avocado Sphere
Hummus and Baba Ganoush
Wild Mushroom Ragout
Artichoke Barigoule

Those Tuna Tacos...wow...I am still craving them!  

OK....getting REALLY full (but there is always room for dessert)!

Creme brulee trio
Cheesecake lollipops
Tiramisu

...put a fork in me...I'm DONE!

I will (without question) be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
When this restaurant was Fleur de Lys... Bar none it was the best gastronomical experience in all of vegas.  The menu was high end, chic and delightfully flavorful.  The ambiance was like you were in a luxurious private tasting room, with service beyond compare. The only french restaurant i could get my husband to accompany me to, since he doesn't usually care for most french menus in town.
I have eaten here dozens of times over the last 6 years... never once did i not get blown away by all aspects of it.  My husband and i eat at all the best restaurants in town, and by far this has always been my #1 pick. Unfortunately now i must say i hate the Fleur menu.  If i want a tapas/hamburger cafe experience... something i never really go for... there are a million other places to be since Vegas is over saturated with them. This restaurant was unique, IMHO Aureole was a cheap knock-off blah experience food-wise. Now i'm sad to say  the menu looks cheap in comparison to how it was before... I'd gladly pay $150/pp without wine for the old Hubert Keller experience.  I hope he opens another Fleur de Lys in Vegas...
My birthday is ruined knowing my favorite place in Vegas is no longer here...
I had an opportunity to eat at Fleur tonight with my daughter. I read all the reviews before going and knew what I wanted to order before I got there.  We both recommend the following dishes:  onion soup, tuna tacos, gnocchi, flatbread, schnitzel, and the trio of creme brulees.  The service was very attentive and the food was what we expected and more. Portions were actually larger than we expected. 

Fleur will be on our list of restaurants to visit  each time we return to Vegas and will encourage others as well. Great experience!
Seriously the most upsetting dining experience of my life. If I could rate this place a zero...I would. 

My cousin and I decided to visit this restaurant because of Hubert Keller's reputation as a master chef and because he was a finalist on Top Chef Masters

We ordered
oysters $15
foie gras with gelee and bread $12
steak tartar $15
bizare (risotto with chorizo sauce) $29
(They also have a steak for $5000, don't do it)

The oysters had a nasty lemon sorbet that masked the flavor. the oysters were super cold from the liquid nitrogen and were small as hell. I've had better oysters at buffets in Minnesota.

The foi gras was like a nasty peanut butter and jelly sandwich...I thought it was duck liver?? 

the steak tartar was good, but not worth it

the bizare or whatever you call it was super salty and the risotto was undercooked and NOT creamy! 

Besides the disgusting food, the servers are friendly, attentive and the vibe is casual and dark.

Instead: go to wolfgang puck's restaurant at the MGM, the Gnocchi Bolognese is breathtaking and Don King is a regular.
Surprised at how great this was.  Menu has small plates to share.  My wife and I ordered the 1) humus and baba ganoush, 2) oysters, 3) skirt steak, 4) lobster lasagna, 5) Baileys Ice Cream with Espresso.

The food and presentation was fantastic.  The oysters had a citrus sorbet and the presentation was in a glass serving dish that had dry ice/water. The lobster lasagna was crazy good.  We finished with the Baileys ice cream which the server made at our table by pouring Baileys & Cream into dish then adding Liquid Nitrogen and whisking away.  Once ice cream was made he poured some espresso over it.  WOW.  It was great.  will eat here every time i stay at the Mandalay Bay.

Our server, Manfred, was great - he knew when to stay away and when to offer recommendations, refill our wine, etc.

I don't know about the music though.  I felt like i was in Logan's Run or something.
To paraphrase the late great Clara Peller: "Where's the lobster?!"
I am referring to the absence of edible lobster in the Lobster Mac & Cheese ($14) that I ordered as part of our $150+ meal for two. There were exactly 4 tiny pieces of cartilage from the claw-point of the lobster (I always discard this part when I eat lobster) and it seems that they throw that crap in there to trick customers into thinking there's actually lobster in the dish. Even more maddening is flipping through the channels in our room upstairs and stopping on 'MLife TV' to watch Hubert Keller himself describe the 'most comforting American food' being his signature Lobster Mac & Cheese - he then chops up an entire lobster tail and tosses it in his mac & cheese skillet.

The Onion Soup ($6) was oddly thick and tasted really bad-for-you like it was made with lots of butter. The Crab & Avocado Sphere ($9) was pretty good, but it would be pretty hard to mess that up (chilled jumbo lump crab and avocado slices.) 

The Branzino ($29) fish was about a 5-ounce portion and sat atop an inedible mound of salty and sour "risotto" barley with some random chorizo sauce that made it worse. The Kushi Oysters ($9) were much smaller than the awesome ones we got at Sensi a week earlier, and the shuckers at Fleur get an F for leaving bits of top shell shavings in with the oyster, ruining two of the oysters.

If you must go to Fleur, do NOT sit on the patio like we did. The dueling piano bar entertainment 50 yards away is really hard on the ears in more ways than one. We endured a 7-minute version of "Barbie World" and the electric pianos they use sound like 100 decibel cell phone ringtones. The water fountain around the corner only adds to the chaos.

Anyways, people seem to love this restaurant, but I don't get it. I would be totally down with $50-$70 per person at a tapas-style place if the food was good. Unfortunately it isn't. I can honestly say I wouldn't eat at Fleur again even if it were free.
Came here for a birthday dinner (mine!) and got a semi-private space (curtained off) for our group of 7.  Tapas style was perfect for us and most of the food was delicious.  
Standouts:  Parmesan paprika popcorn, "in the shower" mac and cheese, burrata, cheesecake lollipops, coconut soup, tiramisu, pineapple carpaccio, and the AFFOGATO, YUM!!! 
Good:  Sliders, skirt steak, rock shrimp (not much shrimp though), mushroom ragout, creme brulee, 
Ok but not great:  crab and avocado, hummus, panna cotta.
Huge fan of Fleur!

Had an appointment for Saturday evening and were seated very promptly. The place is not too big and feels really cozy. Was greeted by a number of staff upon arriving and thought it was neat how they all welcomed us and made us feel warm. 

This is sorta small tapas style plates allowing you to try a number of their dishes. 
We started off with their sangria and it was sweet. I like sweets so it fit the bill perfect. 

The food: (Best to not so Best)
The truffle onion soup! So delicious!!!! For $6 it is a must try. 
Foie gras was some sort of pate and spread over bread YUM. Highly recommended.
"In the shower" lobster mac and cheese- I thought it included a fair amount of lobster unlike a couple of the posts I've read. 
Pork Schnitzel was tasty but not spectacular. It tasted quite tender and looked to be breaded pork that had been pan fried. Tasted similar things but nothing exactly like this. 
Charcuterie platter- a platter with a number of different cured meats. Nothing too special to me anyway.  

Of all the foodie places we've tried in Vegas this tops the list for me. This and Bouchon both I found quite impressive.
Fleur was bustling at Happy Hour! Cocktails were two for one so indulging in a blood orange margarita- complete with salt & cayenne rim and a caramel macchiato seemed appropriate.

Food was savory- steak tartar was nicely presented and the Nampol mesa "wings" described on the menu as spicy, salty, sweet were exactly that.
Small plates seem to be the trend and Hubert Keller is making his effort to that trend in what used to be Fleur De Lys, the Vegas branch of his highly rated San Francisco dining establishment.  I've eaten many times at both the SF establishment and the FDL in Vegas.  I have now had two meals in the converted Vegas house now simply called "Fleur".

OK, it's a bit pricy for a small plates joint but really, the food is very good.  On my last visit the service may have been a bit too attentive but that's probably because they weren't all that busy for mid week lunch.  Food comes out quickly and is very tasty but, as mentioned in another review, isn't all that large.  I think the price/value perception would be better if they added a bit more food on the plate.  There were two of us at the table and one of the dishes order was the tuna tacos.  They're small, no doubt but what really bugs me is that 3 sub-mini tacos were served.  3 would be good for a single diner, what if there's 4 people at the table, someone looses and if there's 2 people, well try cutting a micro hard shell taco.  

Our bill was $120 bucks for two, including some drinks (sangria,  $35 for a carafe).  We had 4 different dishes.  It's amazing how small changes can change the perception of price/value.
This is one of Mandalay Bay's signature restaurants. It's not clear from the outside, what type or style of restaurant Fleur is. It's a beautiful restaurant with a high class feel, yet not stuffy.  My wife and I looked over the menu, and still weren't sure what type of eatery this was.  After asking our waiter, he said "Global foods on little plates". And sure enough, I got it.  Wide variety of foods from salads, appetizers, meats, and vegetarian.  He suggested that each person get 3-4 plates and then they share.

We had 7 different plates between us, and enjoyed all of them: Maple glazed pork ribs (yum); Tuna tacos (surprisingly tasty); Peking duck (OK); Crab and avocado sphere (our favorite;  should have ordered 2); Angus sliders (OK); Hummus and baba ganoush (tasty); Burrata (mozzarella cheese 1-step before it becomes mozzarella -  wonderfully creamy and fun to eat). 

Our only complaint was the price. With 3 cocktails, $135 for two of us.  Probably not unusual for Las Vegas, but still a bit steep. It was tasty enough, though, so we didn't complain about the dinner bill for long. 

If the price doesn't scare you, it's a fun dinner experience (small plates) with flavorful and creative dishes.
Loved the special margarita prepared tableside!  
If going with a group - definitely order "The Feast!". One of everything on the menu. The portions are small but the number of plates is incredible!
Will definitely go back next trip to Vegas!
Culinary perfection all the way around. The food is delicious and is very conducive to sharing with friends. We had the lobster macaroni and cheese, tuna tacos, and gnocchi. The service was impeccable. Fleur strives for and achieves perfection. Definitely worthy of a return visit!
What a fantastic dining experience -- and tapas to match!  This is such a delightful change from the old Fleur de Lis!  The new Fleur has great menu items that you MUST MUST order.  Believe me, you won't be disappointed: lobster mac & cheese, big eye tuna tartare tacos, Smoked short ribs.  The choreography and theater of the food delivery is only beat by the unbelievable food quality.  We ate until we were stuffed, and wished we had another stomach to turn to.  Spectacular!!  Book a reservation now!
This place should not be called FLEUR. Fleur de Lys was one of the best places in las vegas. This place is below average, pricey and tasteless dishes. Not because its says by Hubert Keller its a good place, actually its mediocre, not worth it by any means, i pay $130 just for me. This place its a scam based on Kellers fame. Fleur de lys used to have michellin star (that its gone). and was my favorite restaurant in Vegas, I will never come back here i was totally disappointed.
as a new resident to Las Vegas i am making the rounds at the better food establishments on the strip.. my parents had been to fluer di lys in SF and mentioned this place at Mandalay.  Thought i would give it a go, but did some research and knew i was going to a tapas style establishment.  friends and i started with the onion soup which was the best soup i have ever had - perhaps a but heavy handed with the truffle for some peoples taste but i loved the richness of the dish.  we also ordered the sliders, chicken wings and lobster mac and cheese.  the sliders were unreal - amazing seer on the burger with a fairly sharp blue cheese.  the lobster mac and cheese left something to be desired as the lobster wasnt all that prevalent.  the chicken wings were perfectly flavored with a sweet flavor that blended into a nice spice.

the wait staff was kind and enthusiastic, the cocktails were stiff and the bill was more then fair, in my opinion.

this will be a regular establishment for me.
The Fleur may come with an impressive name tag, ie Hubert Keller, yet the foods were good but not excellent, I must admit our standards are high, service is good though, and the martinis are well done, skip the classic French 75, very mediocre.
Beautifully presented food and great service.  A nice assortment of cocktails and wine.  This hungry girl, however, is not a small plates kind of gal especially at Fleur's prices.

Dining with a large group (approx. 10) always tests the limits of good service at a restaurant and Fleur gets high marks for meeting the needs of our group.  We were all curious about the "get everything on the menu" option for $415 but there were too many of us that were queasy about one menu item or another.

Plates ordered included a cheese plate, skirt steak, kobe sliders, hummus, meatballs and lobster mac n cheese.  While the dishes looked good, I have to say that my unsophisticated palate just found everything to be "ok."  Everything was soooooooo tiny.  The sliders I could eat in just one bite.  The skirt steak at $22 gave me about four bites.  $72 later I was still starving and felt compelled to buy Oreos in the hotel gift shop (ok, I admit, that probably would have happened anyway).

If you have a large appetite like me then don't come here when you're really hungry. There is nothing here that would compel me to return unless I happen to be staying at the Mandalay Bay and want to grab a drink and a "snack."
One line summary: Food, yay. Price, nay.

If anyone would like to doubt Hubert Keller's cooking abilities, you'd better be able to back that up with some evidence. All the plates that we had for dinner here had incredible flavor and presentation. The cool thing about tapas places is the variety that you get with every dish and since you're sharing and the large amount of dishes you can order. But that is where Fleur fails. The dishes are extraordinarily expensive per bite and they often serve tapas in servings of 3s. Now, I'm no expert in the field but I saw that most tables held 4 or some sort of even number so it seemed like a ploy to get you to order 2 plates in order to get enough for a table. Not a problem until you factor in the prices of each plate for just a few bites. At an average of $3-4 a bite, you're not talking chump change for anyone. I don't care how freaking rich you are and I'm not even averaging in that crazy $75 standalone Fleur burger (or add another $4.9k and get a '95 Petrus and bragging rights).

I'm not here to debate the pricing of restaurants, especially those in large-rent Las Vegas hotels, but Fleur seemed to be a bit over-the-top in that department and in that sense, I didn't find the food worth the money even though it was pretty darn spectacular. Ergo, I can't give you a five star rating Fleur, sorry babe.

However, if you do feel a bit spendy and would like to try some one-of-a-kind tapas, go and eat. Avocado, crab, and watermelon gazpacho? It was a refreshing taste explosion that I would eat every day if I could. Tuna Tacos? Probably the best little bite I've had in a while. There are a lot of really good sounding items on the menu so don't hesitate to order up. Every dish we got was top notch.
Went here once for lunch, once for dinner on my last venture to Sin City back in January.  Decor is serene and relaxing, food was presented beautifully.  Service was very good.  Food was good but nothing extremely memorable.  It's difficult for even very good places to shine in vegas because there's such a glut of excellent restaurants.
In Mandalay = We stopped here when Happy Hour was going on and we had a tasty & fun time.  Steak Tatare, Tuna Taco's and a few other apps were very tasty... though a bit pricey for the bit size plates.
Oh, Hubert!
How you disappoint me.
And, I adore you so on Top Chef.

Rundown:
Dropped in after visiting the Sharks at Mandalay.
Should have red flagged the restaurant when only 2 of the dozens of tables were filled.
Arrived with hubby and our two little ones.
Very friendly staff.
Wanted to order a quick bite for my three year old, asked for Mac n cheese, with no lobster. They wanted $10 so I passed.
I ordered the onion soup $7 and the manchego salad $10.
Hubby ordered burger w horseradish mayo. $18
Salad was tiny, overdressed. After a bite, I realized they forgot the manchego! Asked the waiter, he took it away and said he'd return w it. He came back and said manchego was micro shavings in salad dressing. What??!! Ridiculous. 
Soup was nicely served in a tiny silver pot with a shot glasses. It was inedibly rich and bla. My tummy still hurts. And the taste of truffle oil won't escape me. On the check it said "shooter" which I think had that been written on the menu itself under description, I wouldn't have ordered it. All cream n butter.
Hubby's burger was under seasoned, boring, near tasteless. The kids loved it, need I say more? I prefer a Fatburger for $4.


But the staff was very friendly. I gave an extra star for that.
Excellent food.  We came for lunch and weren't disappointed.  Although dinner can be pricey, lunch is not too bad and the food is worth it.  I wanted to upload a picture of the almond panna cotta, but it was so delicious, we ate it before I had a chance.
Fleur @ Mandalay Bay
LV: Strip
Saturday April 23, 2011
Four Stars

Another Bar. Another Great Drink.  When I asked for a frozen drink, the bartender made me feel like a putz.  She was like we don't even have a blender.  My friend Matt then ordered the Liquid Nitrogen Caipirinha, which was frozen and amazing for $25.  The Process: 1. Mix the Drink 2. Put into a Stainless Steel Bowl 3. Add Liquid Nitrogen 4. Scrap it out and whip it into a smoothie consistency.  The Cherry Limeade tasted like a Sonic Cherry Limeade with some vodka.
Buddy and I had drinks and ate at the bar.  It was a Friday night but a little early so it was fairly quiet.  My buddy had Meesa wings and Sliders which he said we just OK,  I had caesar salad and gnocchi, both were just average.  Not good considering the tiny portions and slightly high prices.  Not that it affected my rating, but to make things worse, both my friend and I had upset stomachs the rest of the night, while he actually had bad diarrhea through the next day - let's just leave it at that.  I will say the bartender was really friendly and made us some good drinks.
Everything was perfect!

The evening, decor, staff, drinks, food, friends. 

I had the 3-course dinner option, not a complaint.  With 3 other people we pretty well covered the menu, and everything was cooked, presented, and tasted great!  I cannot wait for my next visit to Las Vegas or perhaps San Francisco to go again.  Well worth the experience.
My husband and I went to Fleur a couple months ago to celebrate my birthday- and I was not that impressed with the food.  Maybe my expectations were too high for this Top Chef Master.  

The food presentation was pretty, the service was friendly and attentive, but the food was just OK.  None of them "wow'd" my tastebuds.  We ordered quite a number of these small dishes, including the foie gras mousse, lobster mac n cheese, tuna tacos, angus sliders, crab and avocado sphere, hummus and baba ganoush. With every dish, I was trying my best to find a reason to love it.  Sadly, my favorite part was the cheese platter (and that doesn't require any cooking because I am sure they didn't make the cheese themselves). 

After we finished our dessert (which I have since forgotten), the waiter brought out another Lobster Mac n Cheese.  When we told him we already received it- he said it was "compliments of the chef".  Well, we already ate a whole bowl of mac n cheese- why couldn't they bring it out earlier?!?!  So, they packed it for us so we can share it with our daughter at home. 

I'm really bummed that we missed Chef Keller's original Fleur de Lys (before they closed it and opted to open Fleur instead) because that sounded deeeee-licious!
NOTE: I would have given Fleur 4 stars, but the bar experience we had was simply horrible. (see below for details.)  With that being said,  I'm still dreaming about my meal here from January of this year, but let's just quickly mention the bad. 

Long story short, we had 8:15pm reservations, but did not get seated til 9:15. Were they busy? NO! How do I know? Because, as suggested by the hostess and after being told by her that our table would be available on-time, my husband and I decided to wait at the bar (7:45pm) which had a great view of the dining room. 8:15 came and went and after 
asking the oblivious hostess and supposed manager several times about our table, each time getting a, "Let me check on your table." or "We're Pgetting your table set-up at this moment," we were finally told our table was ready.  "Yay!" right? Not quite the time to celebrate just yet because there was the issue of the bar tab. According to the hostess, the bartender prefers not to transfer the bar tab to the dining tab so we immediately made sure our credit card was sticking out of the check presenter for the bartender to see. While the bartender successfully alluded us, the hostess came back several times asking us if we had paid the tab yet. You'd think that after coming by a second time, she would have called out to the bartender herself to cash us out, but she just walked away and said she'd check back in a couple of minutes- which she did a couple of more times.  Extremely disappointed that the bar staff, hostess and manager were sssssssooooooo poorly trained. So not what to be expected at a  Hubert Keller restaurant. Embarrassing.  
By this time my husband wanted to leave and it took quite a bit of convincing to make him  finally agree to stay. (guess that wasn't as short as I thought it would be.)

Carrying this horrible experience into the dining room with us, we soon realized that the nightmare part of the evening was OVER! The vibe in  
the dining room was relaxed, service was attentive but not overbearing, 
and the food was simply fantastic! (from what I can recall, we had the 
mussels, tuna tacos, Lobster Mac & cheese, chicken terrine, crab & avocado spheres, pork schnitzels, artichoke barigoule, and the almond 
panna cotta.)

 Loved everything we ordered and can't wait to go back!
Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys in San Francisco is 10 TIMES better. I've been to his Las Vegas restaurant a number of times in the past (I love my gambling), and everytime I hope that I'll have the same experience that I had in his SF restaurant. 

Alas, the quality is just not there..maybe it's 'cause it's in the middle of the desert?

I will give him this...the Fleur burger is orgasmic...I ate two and took one to-go...but it set me back a pretty penny...even for Vegas standards.

I would say stick to his Burger Bar at the Mandalay. It's cheaper.
We went to Fleur for lunch, as we had read several reviews that stated that it is a much cheaper option. I do not know if I would call it cheap, but it was delicious food. The portions were small, but I shared an appetizer and dessert with my date and had our own entrees and we were satisfied.
Fleur by Hubert Keller was one of the girlfriend and my first picks when deciding where to go to eat while we were in Vegas.  We decided to go for lunch figuring Fleur's small plates would be ideal for a satisfying, yet not overly filling, lunchtime meal.  We decided on having the tuna tacos ($13), the green gazpacho ($14), the Tarte Flambé ($11), and the "In the shower" mac & cheese ($18).  

The tuna tacos were a dish comprised of three small, just over bite-size, tacos with sushi grade tuna chunks accompanied by serrano chilies, cilantro, and avocado cream.  The tacos were flavorful, but the dish was a bit pricey given their size.  The green gazpacho was a wonderfully-balanced chilled soup of pureed tomatillos, green peppers and cilantro.  It was served with a small but tasty Jonah crab salad sandwich.  The star of this dish, however, was the soup.  Very refreshing and perfect for a warm Spring day!  The Tarte Flambé, a flatbread topped caramelized onions, bacon, truffle, asparagus, and crème fraiche.  It was a veritable tie between the gazpacho and the tarte for top honors for our meal.  Last, but sadly least, was the mac & cheese.  It was supposedly made with lobster, brunoise vegetables, and cheese, but what we received was woefully short on the lobster and veggies.  What was there was so finely diced, denying us the opportunity to get any sense of taste of lobster.  There was seemingly a reasonable amount of cheese, but it was surprisingly bland, excessively runny, and didn't really provide the gooey cheesiness that one would expect.  Of course, perhaps the "in the shower" part of its name referred to the fact that the cheese would be wet and runny by design.  Nevertheless, I've had much, much better lobster mac & cheese for much less money.  Service throughout the meal was satisfactory.

Fleur is a good restaurant, but a bit uneven in its lunch choices.  Perhaps the dinner service offers a greater, more even experience.  Still, don't get me wrong.  If you order the tarte and the gazpacho (both 4 star dishes), and perhaps the tacos (3 stars), you'll be pleased.  Just avoid the mac & cheese (a 1 star effort)!
Best place to dine in Vegas!  Exquisite food, friendly services and comforting ambiance equate to one perfect dinning experience.  It's a perfect place to sit back and explore great taste with friends.
This is the "bistro" version of Hubert Keller's restaurant (okay at least in my opinion). It was a must go to since come on - its Hubert? Right? 

I have to say, I'm a little disappointed. 

My BF and I decided to go here for lunch one day. Figured it would be a good place to get a small bite since we were planning on a big dinner. We got four appetizers and honestly it was the perfect amount of food. To start with we got the tuna tacos. They were actually very good, the taco itself was a crispy (rather than soft) style taco. The sushi grade tuna was accompanied by a bit of spice supplied by some Serrano. This was a good dish, if perhaps a bit overpriced, though perhaps since it was sushi grade I shouldn't complain? The second dish was the highlight of the lunch - gazpacho. This was a green gazpacho and it was made from tomatillos. It was delicious, refreshing and made me want more! Next came a nice little flat-bread; the caramelized onions, bacon and truffle gave it a sweet/savory bite - very satisfying. The big disappointment of the meal came from the lobster mac and cheese. Not only was it not that flavorful, but it was runny! Seriously? make it gooey, not runny; it was almost like the pasta wasn't drained prior to adding the cheese. Also - the lobster in it was not very plentiful. For the price, I would have expected a better quality dish. 

This was probably closer to a 3.5 star experience and though I might go back, its definitely not up there as a high priority (though if I do go back, I might have to get some more of that soup!)
Ate here for a snack & the food was tasty, but not sure if it's worth the price.  It was quite expensive for a snack tasting, but probably b/c we ordered too many tuna tacos.  

Tuna tacos ($13) - 4 stars for taste; tuna sashimi in a tiny taco...literally one bite each taco with 3 tacos total.  Tasty, but pricey for what it is & for it's size.  Not sure if it's worth it.  This will surely rack up the bill..we kept ordering more b/c it was so small.

Fig flambe ($11) - 3 stars; Good portion size. Nice warm, slightly crispy crust with blue cheese & figs spread on top. I like cheese in general, but I felt that the blue cheese flavor was too strong.  If they had spread less cheese on here, it would be 4 stars.  But if you love blue cheese, this might be a good dish for you to order.

burrata ($16) - 4 stars; Cheese was soft in texture and spread nicely on the crunchy toast.  Wish they gave more cherry tomatoes with the dish though.

Gnocchi ($16) -  3 stars; Good portion size .  Pasta was soft and sat in a nice tomato based sauce.  Tasty, but the sauce was a bit on the salty side

Almond panna cotta ($10) - 5 stars; MUST GET dessert.  My favorite of all the tastings & the best panna cotta i've had.  The tart raspberry sorbet compliments the cream well, and it has nice almond crunches with each bite throughout the dessert.  I would come here just to order this dessert.

Tiramisu ($10) - 4 stars; nice and creamy with a slight rum taste at the bottom..yum! Served with biscotti dipped in chocolate. Good, but not as good as the almond panna cotta.
** NOTE TO  YELP -- Change the name so people know to distinguish reviews for the old Fleur de Lys vs. the new Fleur.  Definitely NOT the same! **

What the F$#@?!  Why mess with a good thing?!?!  

Fleur de Lys was one of my favorite Vegas restaurants.  A gf and I came to Fleur expecting a similar experience with similar quality. 

Where to start?  The decor is similar to Fleur de Lys except they removed the thick drapes which now means you're dining with a loud view of what's outside the restaurant. The wall of roses is gone. And they've put up a tacky painting of a big breasted blonde Barbie woman on the back wall.  Distracting.

Service was mediocre at best. There were only a few waiters (who never introduced themselves).  Service at Fleur de Lys was a hundred times better. 

And of course, the food.  We ordered 5 dishes, which included one entree. Lobster Mac and cheese (okay, but nothing like what amazing taste you'd expect with the combo). 
Manchego salad (really arugula but where's the manchego??).  
Chicken croquettes (tasteless, almost like fish sticks).  
Skirt steak with chimichurri (bland, my husband makes better chimichurri!).  
Branzino with a chorizo risotto (risotto was okay, but Wynn buffet's risotto was better).

HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT for $60/person.  Even worse, both of our stomachs were quite unhappy for the remainder of the evening (and you're talking about two Asian girls that usually indulge our stomachs eating any- and everything without difficulty!).
I'll admit, I only made reservations because of Patton Oswald's routine about 4 star chefs but that didn't stop this from being one of the best meals I've ever had.

My boyfriend and I went for dinner this last weekend and as vegetarians (me-no red meat or pork, him-no meat whatsoever) we were very excited to have the vegetarian tasting menu. Upon arriving though we were a little disappointed to discover that they didn't have it anymore. 

Instead I had the Peking duck, "in the shower" mac and cheese, and a trio of creme brulee. My boyfriend had the pan con tomate, risotto, and affogato a la LN2. We paired these with a trio of chamgagne cocktails and a trio of chocolate cocktails.

Everything we had was more delicious than the last. The duck was juicy and tender, the risotto was perfectly cooked and not gluey and undercooked like some places, the pan con tomate was so simple yet so flavorful, they drinks though tiny were very strong, and the mac and cheese may not have been the best I ever had but it was still very good. 

I am still dreaming about the food I had at Fluer. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas so I can go back!
Came here in April 2011 and it was a very disappointing experience! I made a reservation after my friends had raved about Fleur De Lys being the best dining experience they had in Las Vegas. After looking up the menu changes, I decided to give Fleur a try. I didn't think Hubert Keller could disappoint. 

I do have to disclose that I tried to cancel my reservation earlier that day. My group had decided we wanted to do something a lot more casual for dinner. Despite their 24 hour cancellation policy, I was told when I made the reservation that they're not strict about it and that as long as you call before your reservation, you won't be charged the ridiculous no-show fee. When I called, they gave me a lot of trouble, telling me that they had a ridiculously busy night and that cancelling the reservation would absolutely mean I'd be charged $50 per person. She even went as far to tell me that if I tried to pull a loophole on her by changing my reservation then canceling it 24 hours before my reservation, I would still be charged. Thank goodness my group of friends were troopers and decided to give the restaurant a try. 

When we got there, the restaurant wasn't busy at all. The lady on the phone emphasized how busy they were and were going out of their way to accommodate our large party of 9. There was plenty of room in the back in the 'real restaurant area' but we were put in the very front in the mall area. It felt like we were eating in a food court. 

The entire meal was a disappointment. The service was mediocre at best. We had a party of 9 so we were able to order a lot of plates off the menu. There were more than 3 dishes that the wait staff got wrong. We kept getting dishes we didn't order and we got repeats of dishes that were already served. When we pointed them out to the servers, they simply said "The kitchen hates it when we send food back so just eat it." 

The food was nothing spectacular. Not only did nothing taste particularly flavorful, nothing came out at the right temperature. Everything we ordered came luke warm. The server kept warning us that the lobster mac and cheese was extremely hot but it wasn't. We could've put our face to the baking dish without our skin turning red. The mussels were bland, the braised hamachi came highly recommended by the wait staff but it came swimming in so much sauce that you couldn't even tell you were eating fish. My friends ordered the Fleur burger but the waiter instructed them to pour the red wine reduction sauce all over the burger that it completely masked the taste of the wagyu, foie and truffle. The worst dish even though its a side dish must've been the Tarte Flambee. It was simply onions on flatbread, both underwhelming and tasteless. 

The only highlight to the meal was dessert. The chocolate souffle and the creme brulee trio were the only dishes that were satisfying.

After food, wine, tip and tax, the bill came out to $78 per person. It was an outrageous amount of money to have spent on a very lackluster meal.
I'm a sucker for all things tiny. So I love small plates.  I just like to share and try a whole bunch of little things.  So this place wins me over on concept alone. 

We tried the tuna tacos, skirt steak, nampol messa wings, and artichoke barigoule.  The tuna tacos were good, but a little to big to eat in one bite and a little too messy to not eat in one bite.  They need to be smaller or less crunchy.  

The skirt steak was good, but it came with one tiny fingerling potato that wasn't really shareable.  I don't think there is a potato crisis right now so pony up a few more.  It came with a ton of tomatoes.  

The nampol messa wings were extremely tasty.  Right amount of spice, meat came right off the bone, and the salad they came with was very tangy and crunchy.  A good contrast to the wings.

The artichoke barigoule had issues.  The carrots, artichoke hearts, asparagus, and tomatoes were ok but they just tasted like vegetables.  They hadn't soaked up any of the sauce.  The cheese was excellent but we needed more of it.  And we didn't realize that there were spoons on the table in a little box until after they took the dish away.  It may have been better with spoons to get more of the sauce.  I'm not getting the concept of having a box of spoons on the table anyway.  They give you a fork and knife... why are the spoons self-service?

One of the things I really liked is their flight of cocktails.  The tropical flight was delightful with a Sumo, sparkling peach, and cherry limeade.  The cocktails were large enough to get a good buzz on.  And you get to try three different cocktails!  Pretty good for 18 bucks.

They can make any cocktail with liquid nitrogen for $25.  We didn't go for this.  But we did go for the affogato a la LN2 served tableside for $15.  LN2 stands for liquid nitrogen, by the way.  They mix it right at your table and you get all the smoke and the ooos and ahhs from other tables.  It's a nice touch.  And the dessert is delicious.  I couldn't have much because it has espresso in it, but still very tasty.  Also, the PB&J macaroons with tiny rum shakes are to die for.  

The decor pretty much looks like Fleur de Lys did, at least when you get into the inside dining room.  Feels fancy but then you look at the 300-lb tourist spilling out of his shorts and t-shirt eating with a camera around his neck and think, maybe not. But I'm disappointed that they took out the roses on the wall and just put in tile or something.  I heard the roses were gone and I thought it was because of some major remodel.  But the frame is still there, they just took the roses away.  Don't know why because they were charming and everyone raved about them.

Service was very good, except for the spoon issue.  Could have let a sister know!  I definitely recommend coming here for the meat dishes or dessert.  The one vegetarian dish we tried needs some work but it might have just been a fluke... or our inability to find the spoons.
This place made us feel like we were eating on Top Chef or one of those shows. Everything was perfect, and delicious. Attention to detail was fantastic. We've been to a lot of places, and this place was something special. Best meal we had in Vegas.
The nitrogen cocktail was really phenomenal. I really love the tapas style and sharing food with everyone at the table. My favorite dishes were the steak tartare and the new York steak. The croquet monsieur was pretty yummy too. The fish dish was nothing special. The pork schnitzel was blah. The cocktail menu includes various kinds of Absinthe, very interesting.
Definitely the best place to enjoy lunch at Mandalay Bay!  The atmosphere is more relaxed and casual than it was before, the service was good and the food was excellent.  The portions were pretty small, but perfect for lunch.  I enjoyed the halibut and the others in my party enjoyed their lunch as well.
I don't get it. Fleur de Lys was one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. I've eaten at both the San Francisco one and the Las Vegas one several times. Out of my Top 10 Best Meals, EVER, Fleur de Lys held one of those. (Other meals there were good, but not top 10.)

So I had high expectations for Fleur. And I left, wondering if Hubert Keller is actually gone from any presence here.

Don't get me wrong, the food was very decent. But I expected so much more than "very decent", I expected great. And the only greatness in my dinner came out at dessert time.

I ate a ton of stuff because I'm greedy and it was my birthday. So, here goes:
tuna tacos - beautiful plating. Tasted fine, but nothing to go on about. Agree with another reviewer who said they either need to be smaller, one bite things or less crunchy.
mac and cheese - not a lot of flavor and what flavor it had was a little bit weird. Thumbs down.
foie gras mousse - this would have been the best of the small plates except it was served with burned toast that reminded me of diner food. But the mousse was really really good. The huckleberries were the perfect compliment.
crab and avocado sphere with watermelon gazpacho - I didn't notice any watermelon. I can't say I noticed any crab either. Beautifully presented but not much flavor other than avocado. Very mediocre.
braised hamachi - a bit overly salted. It was fine though. 
skirt steak with chimmichurri was fabulous. The chimmichurri was the best I've ever had. +1 (finally!)
angus sliders - very good sliders, but still sliders. know what I mean?
ceci frito - FABULOUS fried chick peas. Nom nom!!
burrato - nom!
oysters margarita sorbet, orange puré - beautiful presentation with smokey liquid nitrogen! But the concoction did nothing to enhance the oysters. I'd pass.
fig jam flambe - okay, seriously?? Keller, wth are you thinking? This dish doesn't work at all.

But the desserts? ZOMG, the desserts were to die for. Using basil, cilantro, etc, in dessert flavors rocked me hard. Get the sorbets. Skip the dinner!
It's delicious!
This continues to be one of our favorite places to eat in Vegas. The service is impeccable, the atmosphere is elegant but not over the top, and the food is fantastic. Also, unlike other trendy restaurants, it is quiet, something that seems to be lost on the restaurant community. The foie gras is brilliant, we have ordered i every time. It is spendy for sure, but in my opinion, well worth it.
Excellent food, great service, terrific wine list.  I love the new menu design.  The small plates let you try lots of different things and all of them are great!  The Mac & Cheese...yummy!!!!  Chef Keller was in house and was so nice and personable.  They made it a very special occasion for my son's birthday too!  Will definitely go back.
Delish! The small plates here are fantastic. We ordered some dishes to share:

-Ahi tuna tacos (really good, we ordered another round)
-field salad
-rock shrimp (comes with rice noodles, delicious)
-chicken wings
-sliders

All the food was delicious. The sangria is excellent as well. My only complaint is that their small plates really are not enough for a meal with multiple people. It's perfect for a snack and cocktails.
Was at Fleur this past weekend with a party of 9. Two sets of the FEAST tasting menu was ordered. No one was aware that it came with 43 dishes. So 43 X 2=86 was how many dishes we had. There was so much food that it was hard to enjoy all of it. The food was good, but 
nothing all too impressive. 
 
Dishes I enjoyed:
Parmesan paprika popcorn
p.e.i. mussels basil & parmesan emulsion
Skirt steak with chimichuri
Lobster Mac & Cheese
Garlic Fries
ceci frito fried chickpea, preserved lemon 
marinated olives 
Chicken Wings
Tiramisu
Creme brulee Trio
Pb& J chocolate macaroons with rum iced milk 

It was $160 per person...with a few alcoholic drinks

The service was excellent. The ambiance was classy and trendy.
Fleur uses the tapas concept (small plates to be shared) but elevates it to a fun event with artistic, almost whimsical presentations of absolutely mind blowing flavors.  It is Hubert Keller at his best.

The oyster shooters are a must try.  An oyster sitting on a bit of crème fresh in a green gazpacho with a touch of hot sauce.  Taken as a shot, the flavors go on and on.

The "flambees" are equally good.  Various toppings are served on a wafer thin flat bread.  The tarte flambee is a personal favorite with onions, bacon, truffle, asparagus, on a base of crème fraiche.  Seriously, who doesn't love bacon.

The dinner menu offers a much wider selection of dishes with even more standouts.  The short list includes the tuna tacos, oysters (with margarita sorbet and orange puree), braised hamachi (incredible soy ginger foam),  "in the shower" lobster mac and cheese, and the wagyu beef (served on a hot stone with wasabi and lime.)  If you can't decide, you can always eat the menu.  The options includes practically every dish on the dinner menu and is suggested for a party of 6 or more (It must e a joke.  I've never tried this).

Service is excellent in both the lounge and restaurant.  

Food prices are fair.

Wine pricing is high even by Vegas resort standards.  The wines by the glass list is short but well chosen.  

Special note, the restaurant offers an incredible absinthe cart.  Don't pass this up especially if its not yet legal in your state.
AMAZING.

If I could give ten stars, I would.  The food was excellent, the service was impeccable and I can't wait to go back!!

Our favorites?  Tuna tacos and the to-die-for onion soup.  If I had to pick two things to eat for the rest of my life, I can rest easy knowing that I've found them.  Everything we ate was delicious, but the tacos and the soup were just exceptional.
had brunch here a few weeks back, it's located inside MGM. We were on our way to an ice bar and came across Fleur. Looked casually classic so we gave it a try. Not bad, at all...

had a few appetizers and sangria (yumm). my favorite would have to be the GREEN oyster shooters. Huge oysters sunk in with cilantro and bits of jalapeno (which i spitted out). Very tangy and tasteful. Their mini tacos are so delightful, nestled in a silver holder (so cute). Asian fusion is really making its mark all over...

keep up the good food Fleur!!!
we have eaten here some many times I have lost track.
Food is Excellent
Service is Impeccable
Great Wine Selection
Great Alcohol Selection
They even have a Absinthe Cart!!!

This Place Just ROCKS!
"I'm soooooo hungry."

This, fellow yelpers, was not going through my mind when I arrived at Fleur.  Rather, it was going through my mind as I was leaving the restaurant.  I came here for lunch with my sister after an oh-so-tough morning of working on our tans at Mandalay Beach, so of course we were famished (tongue-in-cheek comment for those who missed it).  

We were in the mood for something light, but the food at Fleur was way lighter than we expected.  The tuna tacos with avocado cream were literally a bite each, so we're talking over $4 for one bite of food.  The tomato flambee caused food envy; a lady sitting at the table next to us actually asked us what we were eating and proceeded to order the same thing (refer to my posted pics to feel food envy for yourself).  The chicken croquette with garlic cream came with a flavorful, lightly dressed salad.  Every single bite of our lunch was so delicious it left us wanting more.  

To be fair, we did order starters, which are meant to whet the appetite, but I wish we didn't have to spend over $50 to leave hungrier than we came.
It's ok...that's it.  A bit pricey for a small portion and it's just "okay". 

- Taco...very petite, lookedd like it came off of a kids menu
- Oyster shooters...not bad!
- Sangria...delicious
We came to Fleur for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices at this high-end eatery. My review is really more of a 3.5-star, but I'm rounding up because it is still better than a 3-star. I would have given it a 4.5-star review if it were not for the less-than stellar service.

The food was very good. We started with the tuna tacos. They were little bites of heaven. The ahi tuna was very fresh and all of the flavors combined worked perfectly. The portion size on this appetizer was very small, but it was not very expensive, so I give it a pass.

I also had the chicken sandwich with fries. The chicken breast was moist and the pesto and ancho sauce used as spreads made this sandwich very interesting. The fries were nice and crispy. 

The hubs had the HK Burger. It had a good taste, but it was dry. He ordered his burger medium, but they gave it to him essentially well-done.

The server was inattentive and cold. Frankly, everyone at this restaurant was. He never introduced himself and the first words out of his mouth were, "so what do you want to order?" He did not offer refills and really only came back to drop off the check. We expected service of a higher caliber at a Keller joint.

So yeah, this review is mainly on the food, so approach with caution if service is a deal-breaker for you...
Nice, tapas style plates. Everything was delicious, and the waitstaff was knowledgable and friendly. The dining room was a little dark, but overall a great experience.
The service here was friendly and the staff was knowledgeable but slow. Overall the food was just okay. I was expecting much better. The "in the shower" mac & cheese was not all that impressive, I was expecting it to be great considering that he won a challenge on Top Chef with it, but it was pretty boring. Also had a steak that was a bit overcooked. Overall my experience was just so so.
I said medium, they gave me charred. Besides taking my order, attentiveness was no where to be found. I came because of the reviews, but was disappointed. I got the burger because it seemed like it was a specialty, but it seemed like they precook the meat, so they overcooked it and i had a dry burger. If you cant cook it right why bring it out. Overall I will give it another try, maybe they had an off day.
WE MOTHERF'IN' BALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL'  WE DON'T PAY FOR SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!T WHEN WE IN VEGAS!!!!  I PARK IN HANDICAP SPOTS BECAUSE OUR BANKROLL SO DEEP IT MAKE US LIMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

That's how crazy I was acting when I drank Fluer's sangaria.  It was the BEST I've ever had!!!!  After 2 rounds of it, I was playing slots with my forehead.  SMH...  The sangaria was made out of Merlot and Brandy.  Very delish!!!!

We were comped $250 at Fleur by our host in Vegas.  Holla!!!  

Here is what we order........
3 orders of Tuna Tacos
Best fish tacos EVER!!!  I like the small jalapeno they put on top.  It is quite small!

Oyster shooters
Excellent!!  Very refreshing.  Spicy!

Lobster Mac and Cheese
OMG OMG OMG.  Melt in yo mouth. 

Green gazpacho
Refreshing...  It is used in the oyster shooters as well. 

The Burrata
Fig Flambee
2 HK Burger
1 Cuban
At this point, I am quite out of it...  I dont remember much from here on...  I didnt eat my burger but my friends said it was awesome.  

Thank you MLIFE for hooking us up!!!!!!!!!  Best things in life are free!!!!!!
Amazing food with perfect portions
First off, Huber Kelly is adorable and I love his way on top chef masters.  I was torn on which one to go to while in Vegas staying at Mandalay.  I am happy we chose Fleur on a whim.  My man doesn't do tapas bc he is 6'7" and needs FOOD haha.  We got tons of dishes at this place and they were all rocking.  LIKE the gnocchi? Um only 5 came and we were like lets get 20 more. Each. My duck, my ribs, my salad, my cheese, my Chime mmmm Chime (sp?) like I said in my Mandalay Bay review; my man doesn't like tapas but he did at Fleur!!! also the interior is beautiful.
Alright...so I'm very aware that there are already way too many reviews for this place, but it was such a memorable meal for me, that I really have to pass along my two cents worth.

I went with two girlfriends for lunch to this glorious spot when we were out in Vegas for continuing education. (Have to give a shout out to my husband for the recommendation!) We waited a very short time for a table considering it was the busy lunch hour. When we were seated, our server came over promptly and began talking with us. I discussed Chef Keller with him and how excited I was to be eating there, to which he stated "Would you like a picture with him? He is sitting right behind you."

I said something to the effect of "Shut the f**k up!!!!" (not my proudest moment, but it shows you how excited I was that the word vomit just came pouring out). He smiled politely and said he would send him over in a little bit.

We began ordering, which was quite difficult since everything on the menu looked amazing!! I ordered the Cuban panini (might I add, so did Chef Keller...but I'm not a stalker or anything). This sandwich was PERFECT. The horseradish mustard gave it just the right kick, and I could feel it all through my sinuses. I also got the homemade gnocchi with pesto. Thank god for homemade gnocchi! These little balls of deliciousness were just the right texture and consistency. 

My friends ordered the Caesar salad, the Italian style meatballs with pasta fagioli soup underneath them. They also had the sliders and the tuna tacos. All of these items were delicious and perfectly seasoned. The tuna tacos were the standout item of what my friends ordered...they used very thin slices of tuna tartare, which gave just the right amount of flavor and texture against the crunchy taco shell. We also all shared the macaroni and cheese with lobster. I'm not a huge seafood fan, especially when it is mixed in to one of my favorite comfort foods, but the server recommended it and he was spot on. The only reason we didn't finish it is because we were too full from all our other items, plus...there was the matter of ordering dessert.

For those of you who know me, I am not a huge fan of dessert to begin with, but everything was so good I just had to have one more course. I ordered (are you ready for this???) my absolute hands down favorite dessert of all time! It was the coconut soup with passionfruit sorbet. Sounds weird, I know, but it was unbelievable! They had topped the runny coconut soup/tapioca mixture with cold passionfruit sorbet and crunchy dehydrated fruit. I can't say enough about it. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. My friends had the panna cotta, which was good, and fairly standard. We also got a couple cheesecake lollies sent over from the table next to us (apparently, their family of 8 had eaten too much too). Wonderful and a very playful take on classic cheesecake.

Finally, Chef Keller came over to talk with us. We snapped a few photos, told him how delighted we were over meeting him and how much we enjoyed his meal, and then were off to enjoy more of our CE. Thank you Chef Keller!!!
I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this eponymous restaurant from Hubert Keller. The staff could not have been more friendly, but they failed to manage their ambiance well, and the food lacked consistency.

The biggest problem with the restaurant, in my opinion, is that the main dining room is totally open to the casino, which allows the loud cacophony of casino sounds into the ambiance of the dining experience. The clang and whir of slot machines, different rock and roll songs from multiple other open venues, and the continuous mumble and rumble of the migrating hordes intrude on your dining experience continuously. Do not expect to "get away from it all" at this restaurant. You'll be smack dab in the middle of the action while you try to concentrate on your tuna tacos. Music played in the dining room just added to the ruckus and made me wish I had brought earplugs. Overall a very jarring experience.

The food was creative but uneven. Of the five "tapas" I ordered, only two really satisfied: tuna tacos and lobster macaroni and cheese. The tiny tuna tacos burst with bright flavors that popped in your mouth. My only criticism: teasingly small. The macaroni showed nice restraint -- too many lobster or truffle dishes nowadays coat the mouth with richness. This one comes off as balanced, with a gentle, soothing effect that lingers. Happy food.

The rest of the dishes were less than stellar. The oyster presentation was a bit ridiculous, served atop a martini glass filled with blue steaming liquid. The earthy brine of the oysters did not marry well with the melon balls that were served atop them. Creative but not great. They also comped me a deep fried chicken nugget on mayonnaise and nuts. Not my thing?

The wine list showed ambition, but lacked commitment. It covers lots of ground, but most of the producers it features are garden variety.

On the other hand the staff was lovely and attentive. Dishes were whisked on and off of the table with impressive efficiency. Every request was greeted with cheerful enthusiasm, which helped make my overall experience a mildly positive one. 

I cannot honestly say I had a great first experience at Fleur, but considering the creativity and friendly attitude, I will definitely try it again.
Here's the thing.  You're a "celebrity chef."  You're on TV and are brought in to judge cooking shows.  Maybe it's me but the food at your restaurant is YOUR FOOD.  Your name's on it.  Maybe you didn't cook it, but you sure as hell own it.  The food here is better than okay, to be sure, but maybe only as good as not bad.  Definitely not amazing, mind blowing or any of that good stuff.  We had the halibut, among other things that were much better, but that halibut was pretty bad.  That just shouldn't happen in a restaurant like this.  For the price and considering Keller's rep... it should just be better than it is.

LOVED the onion soup shots.  Those were definitely out of this world.
Excited to eat here at the Fleur.  The food on the menu looked absolutely amazing!  We sat down and slowly selected a bottle of wine to savor over a leisurely dinner.  The server was very attentive and came to take the order quickly.  The wine came, and was pronuounced good.
Followed quickly by the salad.  And then instantly by the tarte, ceviche, and steak all at once.  So much for small plates.
Two minutes later the polenta and finally the foie gras appetizer.
It was very rushed haphazard and out of order - which really ruined the dining experience for both of us.
The best snacks were the ceviche and polenta - but they were too rushed to enjoy.  
We begged the server to slow down and let us finish the wine before the dessert course arrived.  I was overall very disappinted in the timing of the dinner and expected more from Fleur and Mr.Keller.
I came here for lunch and ordered -

Appetizers: oyster shooter & "in the shower" lobster mac and cheese
Entrees: HK burger & Steak frites
Dessert: Pineapple carpaccio

Overall experience was not what I expected from the high-rated restaurant and award-winning dishes.  The steak was much too chewy and flavorless.  The pineapple carpaccio had cilantro-flavored ice (bad idea).  I expected more from the lobster mac and cheese but it was just okay, not worth the hype.
We had dinner there and it is a big must NO go. If you want bread it's $15 ,very average food coupled with service that you would expect at Denny's.  Yes he is Thomas Keller's brother but that's where it ends.
Stay far away there are way to many fine dining spots just right around the corner.
Almost everyone else has written an overly wordy review of this place, so like Kodak, you get the picture. 

I'll keep it short n sweet.

I definitely did NOT order the $5000.00 burger. I'd recommend trying the Lobster Mac n Cheese and the Peking Duck Breast, which was moist and flavorful. 

I also ordered Skirt Steak with Chimichurri, but to be honest, the steak was a LOT less flavorful than the typical skirt steak I'm accustomed to eating. I do love chimichurri, but I didn't think that it should account for ALL the flavor in the steak.
don't know why this resturant's got such a good review for being a french and pricy resturant.  i was here for the sample menu and it was disasterous.  the plating was awful and taste was too salty.

of all 7 plates i had, only the salad and mussels were okay.  the others were just plain bad.  how can a french resturant serve hummus and nan?  i mean, really?  hummus and supermarket nan?  shrimp stir-fir noodles w/ dragon sauce?  at a french resturant?  i pay 7 bucks at a chinese take out and it is 1000+ plus better.  this restuarant should really consider hiring someone who knows to cook asian food other than overloading it w/ salt.  

hum...did i see spare-ribs or is that some brownish meat sticks?  absolutely no plating aesthetic.   just tasted like long frozen bones piling up.  can't believe such a pretentious.resturant dares to serve food up this way.
"Don't Judge a Menu by It's Cover"

First off. Anyone who goes to the webite for this place, looks at the menu, and sees a bunch of things they can't relate to because they've never seen them before and decides from there not to go are making a HUGE mistake.

This place is all about the flavors. Everything and I mean everything has been crafter to provide a unique flavor experience. 

Looking back on this meal I feel as though I expereiced a mini tasting menu from a restaurant with a Michelin star but at a fraction of the price. It was that good!

Normally I like to point out a few dishes in particular that stood out but everything here was good enough to stand on its own its hard to do so, though the truffle soup and the mussels were good candidates.

As for value, my wife and I came away full and very happy and it only set us back $85 without wine. For what you get, that ain't bad at all.

Highly recommended.
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. I ate at this place two months ago and had a wonderful experience. Small plates (cheese platter, fig flambe) and three white wines by the glass. Wonderful quality and service. Went back there this weekend for Sunday lunch and had two great glasses of absinthe with terrific service from the bartender. Went back two hours later and it was like a different place. Different bartender with a can't-be-bothered attitude, they'd lost the remote so couldn't change channels on the TV (not bothered about that but he was not at all apologetic). Ordered three different bottles of white wines - all out of stock. Not sure if they're running down the stock to save money in a recession but it was a HUGE disappointment considering what I'd had before. Sort it out, Monsieur Keller!
I had exceptionally poor service during my visit. It took over 90 minutes to finish a three course meal because the food was prepared slowly and our waiter was not accessible. When I got my courses, the food was not hit, which makes me believe that the waiter did not check on my order. I expected so much more than this.
I went here a few weeks ago for lunch during restaurant week. I had not been here since they remodeled. I miss Fleur de Lys and have fond memories of the prior restaurant! The remodel made the restaurant more casual. Only the patio portion was available for seating for lunch; there was a football game playing in the bar area and sitting out in front of the restaurant provided a more sports bar feel and led to not so relaxing people watching, and a noise level I was not happy with in light of the busy weekend tourist crowd; the noise came from the surrounding people walking by the restaurant in itself was not busy. I think it would have done them well to open the main part of the restaurant for those patrons who would have preferred it. 

The only restaurant week offering was a short rib sandwich. The rib part was prepared well but the there was too much bread in the sandwich. The presentation was pleasant. Also, I had a Cesar salad, this was typical. Ice tea was brewed, but refills were few and far between. The most expensive ice tea I have found so far at $5. 

Food came out quick, which would have been great for a work lunch but when I wanted to enjoy a nice weekend lunch with my mother - not so much. I miss Fleur de Lys and will not be returning to Fleur anytime in the near future. Also, with so many great choices at restaurant week I wish I would have experienced a different restaurant but oh well, it is what it is.
Went here during our anniversary trip to Vegas and was extremely disappointed in both the food and the service. 

Service was miserable. Slow, unapologetic, and gruff. Waited for 10 minutes for drinks to arrive after each order. 

Food was mediocre at best. Tried about 6 different items and nothing special or memorable about any of them. 

We will not be returning to Fleur and are sad we wasted one of our meals at this restaurant.
Extremely disappointing.  My wife and I were so excited about experiencing Hubert Keller's food.  And small plates!  Love small plates.  We were that maybe this restaurant would be able to compete with Joel Rubuchon's L'Atelier...?

No.  Not even in the same league.

We ask to sit inside as we assumed it would be quieter than the patio area opposite the loud rock band that were murdering some old classics across the walkway.  Instead, we find that the room is dominated by a large crowd of obnoxiously loud guests, clearly much to the chagrin of all the other guests in the restaurant.  The hostess just laughs at the fact that we chose to come inside and it is louder there.

The wait staff were not much more impressive.  Our waitress was somewhat apathetic.  In between courses, the table did not get cleaned and the drops of sauce and various crumbs just continued to build up.  Our table was not bussed between courses, and it seemed that the staff expected us to eat our fish dishes using our fig jam covered silverware off dirty plates.  When we had complaints about the food (see below), there was no acknowledgement to the problem, let alone an apology.  We also ordered 7 dishes and only ever received 6 of them...

All of this could have been overlooked had the food been spectacular, but it was not.  I very much doubt that Hubert Keller would put out that kind of food had he himself been there; clearly there were problems with quality control.  

By dishes:
The fig flambee (which is a flatbread - who knew?  Just assumed flambee on a french menu meant that it had been flamed.  Would have been nice if that had been mentioned when we ordered it) was dominated by goat cheese; the fig was battling for attention and the pancetta was essentially non-existant.  
The tartar was bland (clearly had not seen a hint of seasoning), even with the addition of the accompanying sauces etc. and the meat appeared somewhat low quality in and of itself.
The seared shrimp was OK.  Nice heat, shrimp cooked well. 
The hamachi was, in my opinion, the best dish of the night: the foam was outstanding and the pickled shiitake were sumptuous.
The salt wings were fantastic, but I can get a whole bunch of those for the same price at our local Thai restaurant.
Then came the risotto: as soon as it arrived on the table I wanted to hold the plate upside down over my head as it was clearly way too stiff.  Tried it anyway, and it tasted like bland mush with leaves added.  Underseasoned, no creaminess at all, and just horribly overcooked.  Had to send the dish back.  Thankfully they took it off the tab.

All in all, I wouldn't bother going back unless I heard that the quality control problems had been addressed.  When you are paying $70 a head you deserve better, and there is much better out there on the strip.


P.S.  Just checked out the rating graph on Fleur - was getting great reviews until the beginning of September, at which time the ratings have plummeted.  Coincidence?  I think not.  What has changed, Hubert?  New head chef, new staff?  Something must have happened - fix it and maybe people will give it a second chance!
Enjoyed the food. Good Cuban panini. Service was lacking.  But food covered that. Order the menu and enjoy all. Didn't understand the can soda
Smaller portions than you would expect but the food is pretty rich and flavorful.  I think of this spot as more of a snack before your real dinner.  I did enjoy the Manchego Salad and the Tuna Tacos (beware, they are bite size).  If you're concerned about your budget on an empty stomach, I would skip.
TO GO Review only. 

My boyfriend had a little too much to drink during Sunday Afternoon Football at a sportbook and was done going out for the night. So, since we were staying at the Mandalay Bay, I thought I would find us some good food to go for dinner (We had room service for breakfast, and of course it was overpriced & mediocre). We've been wanting to try a Hubert Keller restaurant after seeing him on Top Chef, so this was our chance. 

I went to Fleur on a Sunday night. THEY ONLY DO FOOD TO GO AT THE BAR, and of course, you must be 21 and over to sit at the bar. So yes, I got carded. :) Service at the bar was good. I got... 

Angus sliders: Came with 2 sliders and they were just ehh. Fries were nice and light. 
braised short ribs served with warm potato salad: yummy!! Kind of a small portion, but just right for 1 person 
tiramisu: huge portion. great flavors. 

Food came out to $50, plus a few bucks for tip. Actually, if we ate at the restaurant we would have definitely spent more $$, which is probably why the restaurant prefers not to do to go orders. We also would have overeatten. So this worked out for us.
LAS VEGAS RESTAURANT WEEK!!!

$20.00 3 course lunch!!!

I wanted to hit a bunch of places for LVRW, but i could only make it to this one plus dinner at Del Friscos. I read some previous reviews that this place used to be alot more high end, and made some changes to make this more of a tapas place with a bar. It definitely looked more price friendly and $20 for 3 courses was a steal!

I started off with a nice caesar salad, complete with a tiny anchovie and yummy fontina and brioche croutons http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=i2U5iJLxkTWXSHQAdivVNA

The shortrib sandwich was next http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=LcQPsvafLFyw9GLqWZMl9Q.
It was almost like a bahn mi. Bread was yum and shortrib was tasty. I enjoyed it better when i put some of the coleslaw into the sammie. 

Lastly was some tasty sorbets for dessert http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=rWJOt4nICtNbUqEqtZaIIQ

We also added an order of the Cuban Panini. I wished we had ordered the tuna tacos instead. The panini i think would have tasted better with some bacon in it. hahaha. The bread was a little too heavy. HOWEVER the FRIES were amazing!!! I think they were twice fried in duck fat or something, cuz i seriously started to break out after i ate some. But it was yummy!
I have very fond memories of this restaurant from my summer road trip to Vegas. I wanted to eat somewhere nice and I was searching up yummy looking places on my phone, and Fleur is where I decided to go with. 

Partly it was because it was close, but the food really did impress. Reservations were made and I didn't even have to go out into the 110 degree weather to get there.

We were so happy with our meals that we decided to eat here again. Yum!

I ordered almost the same thing the second time around. I was delighted with the steak tartare, the prince edward island mussels with basil cream sauce, and their tuna tacos. O-M-G those tuna tacos are delicious. I wish they were full sized tacos, I would totally have made a meal out of them every day. 

The braised short ribs were delicious. We came back and had it again, and tried the skirt steak with chimichurri sauce as well. 

The service on the first day was better than the second day we came, but on our second visit, we got free dessert. I guess it all evens out. 

I'm kind of sad that the service was not spot-on for our second visit. The server was arguing with what they had on their menu, even though we had ordered it 2 days prior and was still on the menu. 

I was also sad to see that they had a coupon on restaurant.com so I could have saved money on my meal. I was very surprised to see how many great restaurants had coupons on restaurant.com for a great deal. Seriously, wtf. Next time I will utilize this to my advantage.
Huber Keller sighting!!!! I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him in person since I am such a huge fan of Top Chef!  Mr. Keller was very gracious and he really is as nice as he is protrayed on television. 

And the food was delicious! We had a few stand outs including the spicty tuna tacos, chacuterrie plate, and the ribs!  I could have done without the onion soup because it was too rich and onion-y.  We also had a restaurant.com so our meals was only half!  The food was tastier and more innovative than Joel Robuchon that we had the night before, although their decor and service was more in line with TGI Fridays than a fancy restaurant.  We did not get new silverware after each course unlike Robuchon whose services was second to none.  

I think with a few tweaks, this place would be worthy of a michelin star.
I was really excited to go to a Hubert Keller restaurant.  Was disappointed to find that he had changed this place into a tapas restaurant.  We came here kinda late and it was empty.

Foie gras mousse - I liked this, especially with the huckleberry gelee.  Reminded me of a PB&J.

Onion soup shooter - Okay, came out lukewarm though.

Maple glazed pork ribs - Pretty good.

Peking duck breast - I didn't like this too much.

Nampol meesa wings - Decent, but a bit too salty.

I think we also had the pork schnitzel too... must not have been that great.

I also had their sampler trio of cocktails, 1 was okay, 1 was bad, and 1 was good. 

Food was quite mediocre.  With the exception of the foie gras mousse, the food tasted like things we've had elsewhere.  And going into this, I was expecting a lot more.
Great food! Bad service.  Bad enough ton bring 5 star food down to two star overall rating.  Came for a great fine dining experience.  Did not get it.  Went to  Red White & Blue for desert.  Sad but we had a better experience there.  Good thing Herbert can cook cause the rest of the experience was not good.
I have been looking forward to eating at Fleur and the food was excellent. The duck was perfectly cooked.

Unfortunately the waiter was not interested in us and we had empty water glasses, waiter was no where to be found, wrong appetizer was delivered to us and the wait staff kept going by me with to attend a private party in a separate area behind us. 

The restaurant was only 40% occupied and they easily could have seated at another table where we were not constantly being brushed by wait staff.

Very disappointed in the service, not in the food but at this price point- I expect more.
i changed my mind.  After hearing my frinds experiance similar to ours and seeing Hubert on the Hotel TV saying how important the experiance is, i take away a star to one star.  Less TV and more time at your restraunt.
Had lunch at the bar while my husband attended a conference. The chicken sandwich was fantastic. The smoky chipotle taste really worked with the garlic pesto (I wasn't sure if it would). Not cheap so get a restaurant.com gift certificate. My sandwich, served with fries, was $18. My diet Pepsi was $5...lol and it was from a can so no refills! They need to work on the soda situation. The bartender was friendly.
Fleur has some good dishes but the overall quality of presentation, service, and food is average at best.
Food was probably 3.5 stars, onion soup and hamachi being the highlights.  Sliders came out well done and dry and halibut was under-seasoned.   Yummy brownlie lollie pops, but creme brule's were a little bland.  
Service was 2 stars, would bring dishes out in 2-5 minutes for a really quick dinner.  Felt like a chop shop. 
Atmosphere was 4 stars, only ruined by smokers loitering nearby.

Did I enjoy it?  Sure, especially the small plates so the 3 of us could try many things on the menu.

Will I be back?  Nope, there are plenty of fish in the las vegas sea...
I'm not sure if I had too high expectations for this Top Chef Master, but I was not impressed with the food at Fleur in Mandalay Bay.  
Food was 3.5/5, it was good but I didn't crave any of the foods enough to want to go back.  The croque monsieur was the highlight, a delightful grilled ham and cheese sandwich with a homemade spicy mustard...so simple yet so decadent.  The hamachi was also delicious, accompanied by mushrooms with an asian flare to it.  The Ceviche was nice, a balanced combination of seafood with an avocado mash (fancy word for guacamole) with homemade tortilla chips.  The chicken wings were on the saltier side.  The cheese and charcuterie platters both had a pleasurable assortment and breads that complimented the strong cheeses.  
Service was 4 stars. Our waitress was very attentive, food came out quickly, and when I got sick they packaged all our food for us.  
Atmosphere is very casual and has an asian vibe.  Overall, it was good, but I was expecting more.
Fleur @ The Mandalay Bay Casino Las Vegas. Supposed to be owned by a renowned Chef Hubert Keller. 

I've only eaten here once, and i would never eat here again even if my life depended on it.

Servings: Tiny Plates and Small Plates, I know they serve large plates but only the plate is, not the food in it. BS

Taste: Sucks, I'm so freaking disappointed in this place. My palate has been ruined, my appetite has been flushed into the toilet.

Presentation: Sure presentation is nice and all, doesn't really do shit if the food tastes like shit.

Service: Stupidly long, seriously, how can an appetizer be served 30 mins after the main dish? get your decisions right!

Price: Not worth a single dime. I don't even wanna freaking pay gratuity coz of their shitty service.

They have this shitty burger that cost $5000 because of the wine that comes with it, sure yeah, like 99% of us effin care.

To Hubert, chef, seriously, please check your food before you serve it. or don't even serve it at all if it taste like crap!
I really enjoyed a late lunch here with my husband.  We at on the comfy chairs by the bar, overlooking the hotel/casino.

My husband had the steak and fries.  He loved it and rated it a 10/10.

I had a cheese appetizer that was a soft mozzarella with olive oil and a splash of balsamic vinegar on the side.  It was perfect for a late lunch or snack.  It was $16 for the cheese and bread.  I asked for a bit more balsamic vinegar and was told that it costs $60 a bottle so could have extra regular balsamic vinegar.  
Well, it WAS really good.
I chose this restaurant on our trip to Vegas based on the great reviews on Trip Advisor--everyone there loves it.  We did not love it, however.  We are big foodies and found everything underwhelming.  We ordered several small plates and it was plenty of food to share, but nothing was very good.  There was nothing (including lobster mac & cheese) that I would have again.  It's food from all over the place, none of it done well.  

The service was terrible--we waited 15 minutes upon arrival to have our order taken. The French Onion shooter arrived scorching hot--I had thought about just tossing it back and if I had, a lawsuit would have surely ensued.  There was no warning from the waiter of any kind. As it was, I nearly burned the surface of my tongue completely off. 

Las Vegas is full of fantastic restaurants--Fleur, however, is not one of them.
I'm not sure if my expectations were higher then they should be based on the reputation of Hubert Keller and my impressions of him on Top Chef Masters. The food is good, but nothing special, nothing that would make me want to come back again. When you take into consideration the price you are spending on Tapas (small plates), the food is not worth the high cost.

I had to pull a menu up to remember the dishes we had. Even so, I have a blurry memory at best of what we ate. It's nothing memorable, nothing super, nothing great, just ordinary food. I feel like i could go to an ordinary diner and get food like this every day of the week.
Disappointing.,  Food was overpriced for the taste and amount..  Service lacked the professionalism of a restaurant such as this, example, I was still finishing my salad when our food arrived.  The waiter placed the food in the empty sit next to me and said :be careful, the plate is really hot"  Unprofessional and lack luster food.  Honestly, would not not go back.
My husband and I went to Fleur a few months ago.  As a result, I cannot remember all that we ordered but I mention the highlights below.  I have wanted to go to his restaurant in SF but not ready to commit to the price point yet. I thought, why go to SF when I can get a restaurant.com gc for his Vegas place?

First off, our server was amazing! He didn't give us any crap for having a restaurant.com which some nicer places tend to do.  Second, he was funny and checked in the right amount of time.  Food had good timing- we were able to enjoy a couple plates at a time with the next sets coming out right when we were ready for them.  Also, dished had great presentation. Some come out on dry ice which is always fun.

The food- we had the fleur burger 5000... Yeah right! While it would be funny to use a coupon for that, there is no way I would order it!  

Croque Monsieur- thought it was going to be croquettes (that's our fault).  It was okay but not what we expected.  The waiter asked if we liked it and we told him it was not what we thought it would be. He took it away and took it off the bill.  We replaced with the chicken croquettes which is what we originally thought we were getting.  They lacked a little bit of flavor- guess I just like the ones I make at home a little bit better.

Risotto- freaking awesome.  I love Parmesan in my risotto and this did not disappoint.  Very strong, bold favors.

Tuna tacos- these were pretty good.   Not disappointing, but nothing extra special about them.

Ceviche- really enjoyed this one.  It was nice and light and had great flavor.

Chocolate souffle- yummmmmmmmmy!

Overall, we really enjoyed the overall dining experience and ambiance.  The price point might be a little high without the restaurant.com, but it is typical Vegas prices.  Stop by the happy hour if you can and catch a good drink special!
Being fans of the Top Chef shows on Bravo, we were all (a party of 8) looking forward to dinner at Hubert Keller's Fleur.  Wow, what a huge disappointment.  The flavor of some of the dishes was "good", but not great; others were simply bland, ordinary and disappointing. Service was less than adequate; dirty dishes were never cleared away, even after 3 courses of small plates. In fact, when my final dish arrived, the waiter looked down at me as if to say "why aren't you moving that empty dirty plate out of the way so I can set this down and walk away"?

We ordered a few starters.  The marinated olives for $3 were the equivalent of what I can pick up at Safeway for a buck; nothing special at all, and I'm not sure sitting in a pool of plain olive oil really qualifies as "marinated".  For kicks, we also ordered the Parmesan Paprika Popcorn (also $3).  It was a tiny (yes, tiny) bowl of stale popcorn with powdered parm and paprika sprinkled on it. I'm not sure what why we expected anything else, but it was pretty much like low-quality AMC theater popcorn with Harkin's flavored sprinkles on top....at 10 times the price of movie theater popcorn.  The high point of the appetizers was the ceviche, but again....nothing better than you'd expect at any nice restaurant, and again very overpriced for the size of the portion.

For dinner, I had the Manchego Salad. Seriously, I make a better Manchego Salad at home...this was like spring greens mix from a bag with some grated Manchego on top; even the dressing was unexceptional.  My last plate was the meatballs, which were served in a hot pot with some broccoli rabe.  The flavor was nice, and the broccoli rabe steamed nicely...but 5 meatballs the size of ping-pong balls with 3oz. of broccoli rabe and a smattering of sauce that barely covered the bottom of the hot pot was not at all worth $14.   It should have been a $5 small plate.  

Others at the table had the Fleur Burger...again tiny and ordinary, at $35.  Seriously, a $35 burger should be a knock your socks off burger.  Not at all. Slow roasted Alaskan Halibut was the quality of the buffet food we had in our conference earlier in the day.  And two of us had the risotto, which was probably a 2oz. portion.  I mean, teeny-tiny.

If any of this food had been presented on Top Chef, the cook would have been eliminated.  What a huge bummer for us all.  And a final check in the hundreds of dollars was such a waste of hard-earned cash.   

Never again.
First visit after the changes made. The food still tastes great and the vibe is more lively now. I think it's more comfortable to eat here now.
TRULY DISAPPOINTING! You call this a remodel? It was a REDON'T!

Please Hubert, eat at your own restaurant and tell me if you enjoy the taste, portion, presentation, service, the quality of food that was served! I'm okay with the price as long as the food is excellent but it wasn't the case here.

No flavor, greasy, quality for the price was completely unsatisfactory! 

 After bringing the quality of the food to our waiter's attention and showing it to him, he never came back to our table...another waiter came back..wow, really?! So I shared with the manager, shocking that the Manager had a pompous attitude.
If you want a splurge meal in Vegas without the splurge price, I'm pretty sure Fleur is it.  Our party of 4 had an outstanding meal for about $50 a head.  The food is made and plated beautifully, with the menu bent towards small dishes that are easy to share.  A rundown of the things I remember:
Caesar salad - just watch out for the anchovies.  There were these 2 salty, cold bites of fish that kind of jolted me, since the lighting was dim & didn't expect it.  Otherwise, a nice starter
ceviche - served with tortilla chips.  The seafood is nicely seasoned with a lime flavor that is strong but not overpowering.  Don't forget the guacamole on the bottom
steak tartare - parmesan flatbread, tarragon mayonnaise and finely chopped meat.  I rarely eat this, but I thought this was quite tasty
skirt steak - the chimichurri sauce was kind of thick, like salad dressing and not exactly what I was expecting.  Usually I think of chimichurri as a little more oily and thin, but the steak was cooked very nicely
lobster mac & cheese - the classic kid food, all grown up!

I could go on and on, but I want to get to dessert, because there was something that I just had to get.  The pineapple carpaccio - thin slices of fresh pineapple, some that are torched or baked in an oven so that they are crispy, with lime sorbet and CILANTRO GRANITA.  You read that correctly.  And if it sounds kind of strange, just give it a try because it will blow your mind.  Probably the best dessert that I have had all year!  

The service is attentive, and the other thing that really stood out is how everything is served beautifully.  Dishes with a lot of sauce were served in canoes like the sauteed shrimp, or the steak tartare on a flat square, that looked like it was made out of stone with the Fleur logo.  You'd swear that you're the judge on a Food Network show, the way everything comes out of the kitchen.

A tremendous value in Vegas, because you can spend way more than $50 per person and not be this happy.  Get the pineapple dessert!!!!
I'm pretty sure Fleur was one of those places that Heaven sent down to us to counteract all the bad in the world.  It is absolutely delicious.  

It is fancy, exquisite, tasty, presentable and full of flavor.  Everything from the onion soup to the smoked ribs.  Amazing... Gourmet, fresh and delicious.
After hearing great reviews about the restaurant, I thought I would give it a try on this recent trip to Vegas. My boyfriend and I chose this for our anniversary dinner, and we were pleased. It wasn't mind blowing but it was a lot of fun.. the dishes were interesting and tasy. Our waiter was super attentive and took really good care of us. 

We ordered the tart flambéé (kinda like having a flatbread pizza, this one had onions, bacon, truffle, asparagus, creme fraiche, boyfriend liked this one a lot), onion soup shooters, and pork sliders(with that coleslaw.. so yummy), all of which were awesome, but especially the onion shooters. I would definitely order those again. They're little glasses of onion soup for you to drink. We also ordered the parmesan paprika popcorn. Sure you could probably make something like this at home or at the movies, but it was a nice way to start the meal and for $3, we were happy about it (I mean $3 is cheap compared to all the other appetizers here.) 

We're pretty light eaters so small portions don't bother us, but beware if you like a big meal, just order the big plates for your entree and you'll hopefully be satisfied! For dessert we had the PB&J macaroons (three adorable macaroons that tasted just like a PB&J) that came with tiny little glasses of rum milkshakes or "rum ice milk" to go with, and they were delicious and a great refreshing end to the meal. Overall a fun experience. Not sure if I'd come back again because I feel like I experienced enough, but I wasn't disappointed.
Fleur was the best meal of my life. I've eaten at many places, but the food here is incredible. We did the prefix menu and it was to die for. The onion soup was so ridiculous, I savored every bite. The short ribs were so flavorful and tender, I didn't even need a knife. Great wine list and the service was outstanding. You must go there for the meal of your life in Vegas of all places.
Stick with any buffet at the Wynn for MUCH better dining for your buck.  

For lunch, we ordered the onion soup shooters, mac & cheese, oyster shooters, tarte flambe, manchego salad, Alaskan halibut, steak frites and almond panna cotta.  

Great presentation, decent service, but every dish was terrifically mediocre - I would put it at Cheesecake Factory level dining.  No originality nor artistry, nothing was memorable - I had to go back to the online lunch menu to remember what we'd had.
It was on a trip back to Vegas after having lived there for three years that a friend and I finally had the opportunity to try Fleur before seeing one of the last performances of the Lion King at Mandalay Bay. I am a huge fan of Hubert Keller from his appearances on Top Chef and was excited to try his food! 

I purchased a $50 gift certificate from Restaurant.com that only cost me $3! The only stipulation was that we spent at least $100 (not including alcohol) and you must tip on the original bill. This worked out great because we wanted to try a little bit of everything! 

I started off with a trio of martinis for about $18. They had a very reasonable Happy Hour including $3 domestic beers,but I wanted to get something I wouldn't normally order. My favorite martini out of the three was the Flirtini.

The plates here are small, but there was definitely a lot of flavor. We ordered the Croque Monseuir which is pretty much a grilled ham and cheese sandwich. Simple but delicious! The tuna tacos were one of my favorites but didn't impress my fellow diner as much. The braised Hamachi with soy ginger foam was a little overdone and salty. Not to mention that when one of the servers dropped it off he failed to tell me that the plate was extremely hot. Ouch. 

The chicken croquettes were super yummy. Only problem was there just wasn't enough on the plate. Despite all the small plates we ordered we still had room to order a couple of large plates as well. The braised short ribs were delicious, flavorful and tender. They were slightly sweet but well balanced. The Peking duck breast was a little less impressive, the duck was cooked well but I'm not sure it was a $30 dish. Probably could have just ordered a few more small plates for less and have been just as satisfied.

For dessert we ordered the creme brulee trio. The vanilla was by far the best, followed by Pistachio and then raspberry, which was a little too sweet. We ordered coffee (which is pressed at the table) and our server went back and made us fresh whipped cream to go on top. Delish! 

Service was attentive and friendly. We ate earlier in the evening so there weren't many guests there which is why I think we were so well attended to. Atmosphere is great but it is a little dark inside, which can be a good thing I guess. 

Not sure if I would put this restaurant on the top of my to do list on my next trip to Vegas with all the great food that the city has to offer but it was definitely one of my better experiences at a celebrity chef restaurant.
On this event I had went with a friend and ordered a few things on the menu. Very small portions, but tasty.
I was super excited to finally get a chance to eat at one of Hubert Keller's restaurants...however, I was super disappointed.  I'm sure he is an amazing chef no doubt. Maybe the time we went was just an off day, not sure.  Everything we ordered wasn't tasty at all. 

Tuna tacos: very simple and not much to it. It was basically tuna topped with a dallop of gaucamole and sour cream.  I mean really...?

Lobster mac and cheese:  bland and Barely any lobster taste. 

Sliders: dry...

Chimichurri steak: only tasted oil from the chimichurri sauce, no garlic or herb taste. Meat was cold upon arrival.  

Foie gras: this was the only decent item we ordered.  Cute plating.

The other good thing was the $3 selected beer, maybe a happy hour deal? 

Server took awhile to get to our table upon being seated.  Also, he forgot to split the drinks and food on seperate checks..

Anyway, the reviews for this restaurant are really great.. which is why I'm so confused why this happened to us!  I so want to like te food!! I still would like to try fleur de lys.. One more shot!
It's hard to find a place on the strip with a decent happy hour, and in this case, Fleur delivers:  3-6pm half price cocktails.

The menu is kind of abbreviated for the first part of happy hour - dinner, and the availability of some more interesting dishes - starts at 5pm.  I really like the tiny tuna tacos.  The flambees are basically flatbread pizzas.  The shooters are nothing to really write home about - flavors are too muddled.

My favorite cocktail was surprisingly the "Sumo" - not necessarily because of the sweet, fruity taste - but because a cocktail that deep green looks really, really cool.

We came back a second time for one thing, and one thing only.  On the dinner menu is a dessert:  LN2 Affogato.  They make an airy ice cream with liquid nitrogen right there at your table ( in our case, the bar ), and dump espresso over it.  A pretty good show.

Though we can't say that the hostess was particularly welcoming or helpful on either visit, the bar tender was friendly and relatively attentive.  Seems like a nice place for a relatively casual early dinner - and the happy hour is a nice touch.
I am a huge fan of food along with Hubert Keller from Top Chef and was excited to try his restaurant as he was one of the tops chefs that stood out in my mind from the show.  I ordered almost everything on his menu from his osysters, to meatballs, duck, chicken wings, rock shrimp, forgot everything else, I felt a little embarrassed as I kept telling the waiter to bring on more food.  Sorry the portions were very small and we are in Vegas and have built up my appetite from Buffets  I came here on a mission and that was to judge all Hubert Kellers food... the oysters were amazing along with the presentation it came out on.  As I sat there pigging out, I too almost fell out of my chair and felt giddy with excitement when I saw Hubert Keller walk out the restaurant, my waiter was kind enuff to allow us to go back into the kitchen and take a picture with my top chef.  Probably the highlight of vegas trip.  I cant give Fluer 5 stars but would give it 4 1/2 stars, the food was well prepared, and it was an experience to try his style of cooking.
I came here with 3 other friends and we ordered a bunch of different plates and shared everything so we can try a bunch of stuff.  Service was great.  I would give this place a 3 star if it wasn't for the near damn perfect chocolate souffle.  That souffle bumped it up to a 4 star rating.  

What I ordered:
Croque Monsieur: YUM
Steak Tartar: good, but I've had better
Fig flambe and tarte Flambee:  I could've done without
Seared foie gras:  YUMMMMM
Tuna Tacos:  My friends liked this dish.  I thought the hard shell taco with raw tuna was a weird combo.
Rock Shrimp:  blahhh; if you ever had Korean spicy dduk, this uses the same sauce.
Braised Hamachi:  very good
Italian style Meatballs:  good
Braised Short Ribs:  very good, but i've had better
Side or Wild Mushroom:  good.
Warm Coconut Almond Cakes:  Very good.  Kiwi sorbet with a great combo with the almond cakes.
Chocolate Souffle:  AMAZING!  Perfect light airy texture, not overly sweet, nice super thin crispness to the top.
Our dinner at Fleur was very nice  - the decor was perfect, the presentations we're well thought out and the small plate portions were reasonable to split between two people. We ordered a bunch of tapas and ate what we pleased from the vast selection.  We tried the ceasar salad, korean style beef ribs, fried chickpeas, tarte flambée, chicken wings and the ceviche.  Everything was good minus the ceviche (but only because I'm not a fan of raw fish - wasnt aware of this before ordering). We paired our meal with Fleur's red sangria- which was nothing short of wonderful! We ended the night with tiramasu and the restaurant even put together a special little dessert on top of that for our anniversary.  All in all a great night to celebrate a special occassion in Vegas.
My husband and I dined at Fleur and I was really looking forward to it since I'm a fan of Hubert Keller's Burger Bar.  The food was amazing!  We got the tuna tacos, "In the shower" mac and cheese, and short ribs.  The tuna tacos were by far the best, great flavors!  The service however was Horrible.  I guess since we weren't drinking that night the waiter decided he could ignore us.  Unfortunately even though the food was good, we will not be back due to the bad service.
Just ate at Fleur last night after the MJ Immortal Tour show.  Saw a yelper mention that they're on Restaurant.com, so just ordered up a $50 certificate (for $4) on my phone right before we ate, and when we got there they said they could print it for us if we forwarded the manager the email.   How easy is that?

Tomato Flambe - Not what we were expecting at all - my wife said she thought it would be a stuffed tomato lit on fire but it turned out to be a flatbread with tomato and microbasil - a bit like a margherita pizza but lighter.  It's a classic blend of flavors and was prepared well.

"In the shower" Lobster Mac and Cheese - I assumed this was a shout out to Keller's dorm-room pasta from Top Chef Masters and as such, had to order it.  The macaroni is the small elbow type that is exactly like what you'd get out of a Kraft box, but it's made luxurious with the lobster meat and cheesy bread crumb topping.  For a "small plate" the portion for this was huge - it could be a full entree by itself.

Hambul "Wings" - A spicy Thai take on Buffalo-style chicken wings.  There were only six flats on the plate, so this is definitely a light appetizer.  The wings were well-cooked and the glaze was sweet and hot.  I think it was a successful dish.

Creamy Polenta - This was absolutely fantastic.  It had small pieces a charred corn and parmesan mixed throughout, giving it texture and little pops of flavor.  Delicious.

Fleur Burger - This is a burger that knows exactly what it's trying to do.  It's a thick, perfectly cooked and seasoned patty of tender Wagyu beef, possibly with cheese, on a bun.  Don't expect toppings to get in between you and the meat - this burger is simply about appreciating the flavor of the beef.  My only minor complaint was that the juices from the meat soaked into the brioche bun and the resulting texture was less than optimal.

Tableside Bailey's and Espresso Ice Cream - How do they do tableside ice cream, you ask?  With liquid nitrogen of course!  Our waiter brought over a tray with a metal bowl, a flask of Bailey's creme anglaise, a shot of espresso, and a carafe of liquid nitrogen.  The Bailey's creme anglaise gets turned into almost instant ice cream, then the espresso gets poured on top followed by another dose of LN2 to refreeze everything.  Novel idea with spectacular results.  I need to make some Bailey's ice cream now and pour espresso over it at home - what a brilliant after-dinner treat.

After the discount this wound up being $55 ($59 if you count the cost of the certificate).  I'm giving this 5 stars because of how easily they handled the promotion and how insanely good everything was for that price.  Consider this 4 stars if you are paying full menu price, as the food and service are still excellent but I wouldn't consider it to be as much of a value.
Im not sure there is much of a difference in the small and large plates. Maybe they just meant the size of the plate. 

The sea bass and the hamachi were both very tasty. Pork sliders - not good.  The bread tasted old and it wasnt even hot.  Risotto was made perfectly if you like it  rich and creamy.

If you want the autographed copy of Hubert's book, $25!
My review is going to be brief, I never made it to dinner. We stopped by the bar and had a few martini's. While I was sitting at the bar several friends from exiting from the Honda meeting decided to join me. 

So we ordered some appetizer's and they tasted GREAT.
Oyster shooters. tuna taco's,onion soup shooter,fig flam bee,my personal favorite a simple order of marinated olives,in the shower mac n cheese with lobster, and burratta. Everything tasted great, and it wasn't the four double martini's I had before and during. The bartender was really special, he transferred our party as it grew from 3 people to 11 with ease and friendliness.

Next time im in Vegas i'lltry dinner here.
We had dinner here on 12/15/2011...To sum it up in one word "Disappointing.".I know, I know... this is a famous chef with countless awards behind his name but believe me.. we were disappointed.
We have been to France , North and South, quite a few times and never had a bad meal..
The french are famous for "fabulousness".. fabulous foods, parfums, wines and champagne, style, fashion..ect...
Hubert Keller ,"Fleur"  being featured on the Travel Chanel "Forbes one of most extravagant meals" The only claim to fame on this menu is the $5000.00 for a Wagyu beef burger with foie gras which comes paired by a bottle of 1995 Chateu Petrus...other than that I was quite disappointed with this menu.. 
The Chef is french so we were expecting a french menu but instead there is a mixture of all kinds of cuisines, from central , south america, italian, greek, japanese... The only French dishes on the menu were a croc Monsieur, truffle onion soup shooters, a seared foie gras and a couple of flambees and souffles.
 We did not like the decor., again the french do everything rich and grand however ,this restaurant is decorated resembleling a cabin in the woods, a very "Plain and simple" cabin like, not your typical French glamour . The menu consists of  small plates and regular size dishes .. We ordered from the small plates the tuna tacos , ceviche, spicy shrimp casserole, smoked bacon flat bread, and truffle onion soup-shooter  and the seared foie gras. and the Fleur burger with all its fixings...minus the bottle of wine and save $4,935.00
The service was good, however all the dishes were lacking presentation.. The ceviche was fatty..they took it back and brought us the croc monsieur.
 The only stand out dishes were the Fleur Burger, the seared foie gras, the soup shooters and the flat bread... 
 Overall..We had high expectations but they were not met... I wouldn't come back or recommend this restaurant .. Instead for a memorable dinning experience go to the Bellagio and have dinner at any of their restaurants " Michael Mina" , "Le Cirque"  and "Picasso"  ..or right across from the Bellagio...."Alain Ducasses's"  at the Eiffle Tower..
We had been wanting to try Fleur forever! My husband and best friend accompanied me for my birthday. We were so excited to try Fleur and found the food to be hit and miss, but we had an awesome once in a lifetime experience with Hubert Keller. Here is the list of food that we tried:

Tarte flambée onion, bacon, truffle ,asparagus, crème fraiche - This was probably the highlight of the meal. So delicate and delicious we almost fought over the last piece.

Ceviche fresh daily selection, guacamole, tortilla chips - The ceviche was very good, not the best I have had (thank you Rick Bayless), but good. It was a little weird to eat since it was presented in a very deep dish and we had to ask for more chips, but overall the flavor was good. 

"In The Shower" mac & cheese lobster, brunoise vegetable - The lobster mac and cheese was OK, nothing special. The serving size for this dish was surprising large compared to other dishes. 

Nampol meesa"wings" spicy, salty, sweet - These are tiny little chicken wings! I found these to be very salty and lacking in the flavor department. They had a nice crispness to them, but hard to eat due to the saltiness.

Skirt steak* chimmichurri, roasted fingerling, crème fraiche - This was definitely a low point of the meal, the chimmichurri was a really weird and unappetizing paste, not a traditional chimmichurri at all. They seriously mean fingerling, you literally get 1 tiny potato, which we split 3 ways. It was delicious, but seriously?

We also tried braised beef sliders that were nothing special and some korean bbq ribs that had great flavor, but were so chewy I almost had to spit them out. Now, the meal up to this point was disappointing, but then it all changed. Hubert Keller came through the dining room and checked in with every table! He was so sweet and posed for pictures with people. When he stopped by our table my friend Lauren asked him if he could serve me a souffle. He agreed without skipping a beat. 

Now, a little history, I have never had a souffle because like the perfect man, I was waiting for the right one. Souffles are so delicate and can be done so poorly, so I wanted my first one from a real french master and I was not disappointed. Before the souffle was served, we got a complimentary birthday dessert with brownie bites and banana cupcakes. It was adorable, but nothing spectacular. 

My friend Lauren got the creme brulee and it was stunning! I thought for sure it was going to be too much custard and not enough crunchy delicious sugar topping, but the raspberry, pistachio, and vanilla were some of the best I have had. I was in love with the vanilla and there was definitely something special about this one. Then came the highlight of the meal, Hubert served me my souffle and even prepped it in front of me. He also bought it for me, which was incredibly thoughtful. The souffle was stunning and as he predicted I am now addicted to them! 

Overall, the food was disappointing but my personal theory is that a french chef will excel at french food, not tapas. This is not his niche and it was obvious. The desserts were stunning and I would go back for dessert anytime. Hubert Keller did not disappoint, he was so sweet, friendly, and accommodating. I couldn't wipe the smile off of my face for days! Thanks for a great experience Hubert!
Very overrated . Expected more from a Top Chef Master. We were greeted by a very rude hostess . This is not what I expected from a Luxury Hotel. The food was unimpressive and not very imaginative .To make matters worse it arrived cold. I had the beef short ribs and potato salad. The beef was dry  and cold and the potatoes has no seasoning or flavor . The " in the shower " lobster Mac and cheese was bland , watery and tasted like overlooked Kraft Mac and cheese . Ordered the tomato flambé but received an oily tomato flatbread. There also doesn't appear to be any real difference between the small and large plates except the cost .  The service was slow but not short on attitude. In summary if you want to spend a few hundred bucks there are many better restaurants to visit in Mandalay or the other luxury hotels on the strip .
The food was good, nothing was exceptional but they were all better than average. The prices are a little on the high side, but what isn't in Vegas? 

We ordered:
Steak tartare - very good. seasoned well.
Sauteed shrimp - not bad. Served with a rich creamy spicy sauce that is quite SEASian inspired.
Braised pork sliders - meh..
Skirt steak - cooked well but the chimmichurri was disappointing and bland
Peking duck breast - definitely not peking duck. The skin was not crispy n fat not rendered off. but not bad flavour wise
Braised short rib - very rich n deliciously tender. The potatoes were disappointing.
Chocolate souffle - very good
Creme Brulee trio - very good


Service was quite dismal. The hostess was nice and seated us promptly and food runners were great at describing every dish we ordered BUT our server was pretty absent and pompous. We saw her when we ordered and when she asked if we wanted to order more food and when we got the bill. That's it. No check back on the food and I even forgot I meant to order a glass of wine! With all the options in Vegas, it is hard to justify going back..
Very tasty!!
Did small plates
highly recommend onion tarte flambe, lobster mac, onion soup shooter
Horrible bloody mary - too much spice to drink (and I asked for it to be mild).  Lettuce wraps were bland with dry chicken and the chicken sandwich was dry and tasted microwaved.  Bar tender talked too much, was slow and obnoxious.  Wasn't crowded so they can't use that as an excuse ...

There was just nothing good to recommend about this spot.
Love love love the onion soup shooter! Burratta was delicious, tried the other foods as well. I also had icewine/sweet wine. let's see what else............ it would be even BETTER if they had non -chocolate souffle. I love souffle but NOT chocolate. I love the pistachio, grand souffle, raspberry, etc. For a great souffle, go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. They have a better selection of flavored cream for the souffle.
Very disappointing in its ordinariness. We ordered a bunch of small plates and none were in any way memorable. There are lots of better places to eat in Las Vegas.
Ordered several small plates to share... Good stuff here. Sliders and Italian meatballs were great. Dessert pot de creme with bourbon foam was fabulous.
On a day trip to Vegas we were all set for some French food. A short Google search later Fleur by Hubert Keller was agreed upon. The fault goes to us for not doing the research well enough, but it should be shared by whomever is promoting this restaurant and placing it under the French categories. The only thing French about it were the names of the dishes and the amount of Absinthe on the menu. 

For the sake of this review, let's forget that fact completely. 

We were recommended the Tuna Tacos - the Tuna "mini" Tacos. A complete throw away item on the menu. There was nothing special or delicate about it. Not even the tuna itself. As a matter of fact, the slice of jalapeno atop the taco completely killed my pallet. I am no stranger to spicy food, as a matter of fact I like it, but this miniature dish was extremely out of balance.

Other dishes included, the Ceviche, Mac and Cheese and the most French sounding item, Vegetable Bouillabaisse. The bouillabaisse turned out to be the best thing on the menu, Perfectly seasoned, very well balanced and satisfying. I would have been very happy with a giant bowl of this soup and nothing else. Who knew, right?

The Lobster Mac & Cheese had nothing new or even above average to offer. The lobster pieces were a bit chewy as well. The Ceviche has some guacamole on the bottom of the serving glass which you probably should mix in with the rest of the dish, but there was no instruction from the waiter. I know, I know. "Shouldn't you know how to eat ceviche by now?" You may ask. Well, I do and I should, but when there is an idea as to how to enjoy a specific item in the chef's eye, then it is the job of the waiter to convey that. That's my opinion and I'm sticking to it. 

Overall the meal was pretty mediocre. I expected a lot more Hubert Keller amd for the money spent.

We also had a Pot de Creme dessert, which was good, but nothing to write home about aside from a gold leaf a top the cream. 

I suggest saving your money for a different restaurant in Vegas - there are hundreds of them!
I had really high expectations for Fleur.  I'm a big fan of Hubert Keller and had recently eaten at Burger Bar and really enjoyed my experience there.  So, I was really looking forward to an excellent food experience at Fleur.  From the start, I was mildly disappointed.  The hostess wasn't very friendly, and the restaurant itself had an overly  casual bar feel to it.  It was also loud for a while because there was a live band playing just across the way.  The menu of small and large plates is huge with many exciting options, but  unfortunately many fell flat for me.  The lobster mac and cheese was way too mild and not very flavorful.  The duck was really tender but could have used more zing to the flavors.  The accompanying braised veggies ( rhubarb, celery, and chipolini onion) were not appetizing at all - they looked limp and were oily and flavorless.  My favorite was the garlic fries which were incredibly rich due to the truffle oil.  The service was inconsistent.  Drinks were not refilled after the first refill, and it took an unexpectedly long time for extra things that were requested (e.g., lime) to be brought to the table.  The serviced really dropped off toward the end of the meal when we felt a bit overlooked.  There also seemed to be problems with expediting the food in a reasonable time period.  Even though all the dishes don't need to come out at the same time, we had to wait so long for our last plate (the truffle fries) that we thought they had forgotten about them.   While this wasn't a horrible dining experience, it was a bit frustrating because I had such high hopes for Hubert Keller's food, and the flavors just weren't there.  But then again, I fear that Fleur may just be one of those trendy Vegas places where the chef puts his name on it but doesn't leave his mark anywhere else.
In short, there were too many flaws in the execution of our food preparation and service. We ordered the lettuce wrap app - plated well, seasoned well and a good variety textures w sauces. I ordered the Manchego salad for lunch, terrible. It was over dressed w vinegar or some kind of acid and lacking an oil to balance out the strong taste. The salad was unpalatable. The buns on my husband's burger were border-lined burned. The waiter left,  I didn't have the opportunity to send the salad back. LV has many excellent eateries w exceptional service - Fleur falls below the bar of excellence. Next time we're opting for the Mix or Aureole.
One of my favorite restaurants of all time... and I only sat at the bar. Couldn't even leave the bar because the bartenders were so awesome. I LOVE HUBERT and I love this restaurant. 

Tried a bunch of small plates: tuna tacos, mussels, guacamole, gazpacho... one dish better than the next. Great for sharing and big groups. Small dishes though, so you need to order a larger quantity, that can amp up your bill.
Eh.   that's all I can really say.  We drove in from LA to check this place out.  We wre not wowed.  Service was excellent.  Food was just OK.  Seemed a bit expensive for what you got.  I also didn't enjoy the feeling that you were still sitting in a Casino.
The food was fantastic. Highly recommend getting the foie gras and putting some on the sliders, if you don't want to spring for the $65 burger. Best idea of the entire trip.

Not only was the food great, but the three of us got out for only about $70/person *with* a bottle of wine. I'd say this is the cheapest meal of this quality I've ever had!
Visited mid-January on a Saturday night with my girlfriend. We had reservations for 5:30pm, and once we arrived, we were seated promptly. Initially, it was dead, but it being only 5:30pm, I understood. Once we left, it started to pick up. The restaurant itself was smaller than I imagined but it's not cramped by any means. 

Our waiter was very patient and nice. He got us drinks immediately and explained the menu. They don't have an extensive beer selection which kinda stunk but I worked with it. He recommended the tuna tacos but whenever a waiter/waitress recommends something, I have a tendency to stay far away from it. 

We started out with the Pan Con Tomate and "In the Shower" Mac and Cheese. Both were delicious. The pan con tomate was fresh and tasty, loved the cheese selection on it. I couldn't stop eating the mac and cheese either and I usually don't eat a lot of the stuff as I find it too heavy. 

Next, my girlfriend got the Chicken Breast and I got the Fleur Burger. The chicken was moist and cooked nicely. She loved the mushrooms and cabbage that accompanied it. The burger was great. When I first looked at it, it was really red. I ordered it medium. However, after the first bite, the wagyu beef was awesome. It comes with a black truffle sauce which was very tasty. I started to dip my fries in it and my girlfriend started to dip her chicken in it. 

For dessert, we got brownie lollipops and cheesecake. Both were "eh." It was definitely the weakest part of the meal. I wish we had gotten another plate to share instead of the desserts. 

I don't remember what the bill was. However, we had a $50 restaurant.com gift certificate which helped out. Even if we didn't have the gift certificate, I would have been satisfied paying full price for this meal. Service was great, food was great, and I'll definitely, definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
I ordered soooooooooooooo much food!

The meatball - delicious with the greens!
Popcorn - couldn't really taste the spice, but it was all eaten
Chicken - very tender, although some may say its a bit dry, not to me
Tarte flambee - i usually don't eat bread, but this is nicely cooked, crispy and delicious
Tuna taco - a bit disappointing as I thought it would have more sauce, more on the dry side..
Duck - was pretty fair, although not the best..it was fair


I had a restaurant.com so $50 off the bill was nice. It's great if you want to try out the place.

I think service could of been better, and maybe if they wouldn't blast the AC, would of been better. It's more of a tapas type of place, so be prepare to eat a lot or order a lot because of the portion size.
Let's start by saying this: Tapas style restaurant.  This is a small plates establishment, so order appropriately.

Do they have a bigger dinner menu? After 2 cancelled birthday dinner reservations we had to settle for a birthday lunch on Sunday before catching our flight back to LA.  We decided to try Fleur because A. had been to the other Fleur and said it was delicious and that we should go.  Of course I yelped it to see what it was TDF (to die for)

After perusing the menu nothing in particular really stood out to me.  And since a few reviews were talking about the kobe burger, we decided to just order some apps and then walk over to the Burger Bar, also a Hubert Keller establishment located at Mandalay Place.

We ordered the truffled onion soup SHOOTERS.  People seem to have forgotten mention that in their review.  It comes in a small carafe equaling 4 shooters.    I'm a HUGE onion soup fan and am always on the look out for a restaurant that blows my tastebuds.  This wasn't it.  It was heavily creamy and looked like cream of corn.  The truffle oil is probably the only thing that saved it.
The lobster mac and cheese which everyone also raved about.  They used small macaroni noodles and in my opinon didn't have enough cheese to my mac.  It was good but I probably wouldn't order it here again and opt to try something new.
Tarte flambe with bacon truffle and asparagus was the best out of the 3.  The flavors complemented each other perfectly 

The desserts are actually the only thing that sounded delicious, but since we were heading to Burger Bar I exercised a little self control and asked for the check.
On a recent trip to Vegas, based on my admiration for Hubert Keller and his style of cooking, we decided to have dinner at Fleur. Although the restaurant is physically attractive, the temperature was uncomfortably cold. The restaurant is hyped to be a "small plates" culinary experience; however, it seemed to be a collection of overpriced appetizers you could get anywhere. All the waitress kept pushing was ordering many plates to share. It almost became annoying. My husband had the cold meat platter that was very good, but my Angus beef sliders were burnt to a crisp (I had ordered them well-done, but they were so small any type of cooking would have charred them). A warning from the waitress when I ordered them would have been appreciated. I would have sent them back but the waitress never returned to check on how our meals were. The high point of the evening was the savvy busboy who unobtrusively kept our table clean and stocked with what we needed, even before asking. It was a very disappointing restaurant experience and I am surprised that Hubert Keller would put his name and reputation on it.
Oh Hubert Keller, I am so disappointed. The actual space - decor and ambiance - of Fleur is great. And the service is great. Beyond that, it was, ever so sadly, not good and a total waste of money and taste buds.

Thanks to Restaurant.com, I had a $25 gift certificate for here. So I figured that was my excuse to finally try Fleur, which had been on my list "want to eats" for awhile. We sat at the bar, shared a cocktail and two of the small plates.

The cocktail we ordered ($15) was a Georgia Moon. Tasty, but too sweet and thick. And it was definitely on the small side. Not worth $15. 3 stars.

For the two small plates, we ordered the french onion soup shooter ($7) and lobster mac 'n' cheese ($18). The amount of truffle oil in the shooter glass was overwhelming. And the soup tasted very little like french onion. While a cool concept, the actual taste was a let down. 1 star. The mac 'n' cheese was bleh. The actual lobster pieces were chunky and great - better than most every other lobster I've had in a lobster mac 'n' cheese. However, the mac and the cheese were so bland and undesirable. Despite being hungry, I opted to leave half the dish uneaten. 1.5 stars.

I so wanted to love this place. But alas, the food just didn't deliver. Many options sounded tasty. So maybe there are some good menu items here and we just chose poorly? But based on what we had, I'm not sure I'd be willing to risk the money to try anything else.
Dinner with the girls with Mandalay vouchers credit used was a fantastic way to use it for some French cuisine. 

Started with the fresh oysters topped with iced margarita  and braised mushroom hamachi. The oysters were small in size but the iced margarita complimented it well. The braised hamachi was a bite salty but fresh to the taste. 

Next for the entree Shared the braised short ribs and Wagyu burger with fries. The short ribs was soft and full flavor with a strong sauce to it. The Wagyu was tender and juicy and cooked perfectly medium rare. 

Desserts we shared a creams brûlée, blood orange sorbet with cookies and Creme ice cream and pistachios palovou. The sorbet was like any sorbet just house made with blood orange favors. The Creme brûlée was the best one. Instead of serving it in a typical cup size it was serves in a long rectangular shallow dish that gave you extra crispy Carmel with the Creme in every bite. 

Our waiter was nice he was great in helping us on deciding what's best to try and always attentive. Good experience but  feels its missing something to it. Maybe because it's Vegas my expectations may be higher than if it was store front restaurant.
I really enjoyed this restaurant. We went small plate style and ordered a variety of dishes which were perfect sharing for the two of us. There was nothing to complain about. Our server was attentive and friendly. His recommendations were terrific (though he was up-selling), but regardless, all of them were delicious.

Our favorites were "In the shower" mac n cheese, tuna tacos, and burrata. Each dish was well balanced, distinct and rich. We also enjoyed the sangria which was refreshing and surprisingly " loaded. We finished dinner with the Pineapple Carpaccio: shaved pineapple on top of lime sorbet with a side of cilantro granite. I would strongly recommend this dessert, especially during the summer.

We wanted to try this place just once, however, have decided to put this establishment on our "Where to eat in Vegas" rotation list.
Maybe the best frites I've had, even better than the ones in Belgium. Absolutely to die for. The sliders were awesome. The oysters were good, but had chunks of shell in them which very much disrupted the dish.. Maybe it's just me, but having to reach in your mouth to pull out chunks of shell in a nice restaurant seems awkward at best.

Other than that, it was very good though.. And the "Liquid Nitrogen Frozen Cocktails" are worth trying once just for the floor show, but the cocktail was excellent too.
Stopped by and sat at the bar for happy hour but also had a full meal. My wife and I shared the tomahawk steak. We expected it to be still attached to the bone but it came already sliced up and while there was a bone, it was just oddly sitting on the plate by itself next to the meat. 
The meat was excellent, and it came with a wine sauce that made it exquisite. The portion was large enough for the two of us so with an appetizer, steak and drinks this was the best meal of the trip.
I've tried a bunch of Hurbert Keller places and I am a fan!
Half the time the food is great, half the time it's not.
Had the burger with blue cheese. It was overcooked. There were a lot of people working but service was lacking and slow. It was ok. The burger was on the smaller side and a tad dry. I'd suggest going somewhere else.
The restaurant is now just "Fleur".... no longer Fleur de Lys, located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel.   Fleur means flower in French, but the decor seems to be reminiscent of rustic modern, something you can find in Colorado or Minnesota.  the only "flower" i see at the entire place is the cut orchids placed in a glass container.

Instead of indulging in a huge steak dinner, H and i decided to give this place a try for their sampling menu.  As crazy as it sounds, but they offer a tasting menu called the "feast" that's meant to serve min of 6 people for $450, but large parties of 10 people have proclaimed that they cannot finish this on their own.  

MINI BITES:
the AHI TACOS ($14) were amazing!  the jalapeno on top gives it a spicy kick and the ahi was seasoned perfectly.

SHORT RIBS ($26)
ah, the price tag was a bit steep considering the size, but well worth it.  braised for many hours, it was so soft and juicy and oozing with flavor.  my fav dish of the night.

NAMPOL'S WINGS ($9)
not too novel in taste or presentation, but tasty indeed.

CEVICHE ($14)
not your typical shrimp ceviche.  i tasted oysters sitting atop a bed of guacamole.  the chips were fried perfectly and had a crunchy crisp.

MIXED GREEN SALAD ($10)  of course you need to fulfill that recommended serving of veggies for the day.

ALMOND PANNA COTTA dessert ($10)
almond cake with blackberry kalamansi sorbet.  this dish was not too sweet for a dessert.  it actually was a bit tart, which was a perfect complement to my sweet cocktails.

LIBATIONS:
FLEUR RED SANGRIA (carafe is $35)
wow, really one of the best sangria H and I ever had.  made from Malbec and Brandy infused with fresh fruits and spice.   it really creeps up on you, too.

DECADENT FLIGHT ($18 for trio of 3 cocktails)
white chocolate, chocolate coconut, and expresso martini.  
Really tastes like a dessert, a little bit sweet, but the presentation was gorgeous.  my fav of the 3 was the white chocolate.  however, i would order this again just bc i love the diversity of flavors.  after all, this is a "tasting menu" type of establishment, isn't it?

SERVICE:
was questionable at first, but when we requested a new server, the night turned out ten times better!   

one of the best dining experiences of our entire trip.  highly recommend!
the only reason i'm yelping is to defend the mac and cheese.  i noticed a lot of reviewers hated on the mac and cheese for not being cheesy enough.  however, if you are, like me, a fan of kraft mac and cheese, you will like it.  i personally do not like restaurant mac and cheese that's always way too oily with the 25 different cheeses melted in the noodles with a super heavy bread crumb topping.  i honestly prefer the neon orange crap that costs $1 to make (70 cents on sale).  keller's mac and cheese has that sort of smooth and silky cheese sauce, and feels very light, except with lobster chunks thrown in.  loved it.

the rest of the meal was hit or miss - some really amazing things like the fried chickpeas and the tuna tacos and the manchego salad.  everything else was very decent, but not the best i'd ever had - like the steak tartare, the skirt steak and the moules.

overall a solid meal, and better than average.
Totally different menu and atmosphere since the last time I was here.  It seems to be geared towards groups now with a pretty great selection of small plates.  Glad we came here with a party of 4 and armed with a sweet $75 restaurant.com coupon which threw caution into the wind.  Look at us being all dangerous!  If we were on the fence on a dish, we just ordered it.

We tried a bunch of different dishes with the standouts including the steak tartar, ceviche, skirt steak and sliders.  My cousin got this ridiculous pineapple dessert which he deemed outstanding.  It certainly looked that way.  

I prefer Fleur de Lys more than this but nothing I can do about it.
3.5 Stars.

So its been a couple of weeks since we've come back from Vegas, and the experience resonated with us in both a negative and positive way.  It was a nice dinner but I can't help but still be miffed about one thing - the BRUSQUE hostess!  The young asian girl that manned the front barely made eye contact with us, was so cold, never smiled, and was really good at making you feel unimportant.  We checked in with her for our reservations, and stepped aside about 2 feet away from her to wait as she asked.  A short moment later she was cued that our table was ready she calls out our last name towards the other waiting parties.  I mean really - we're no Brangelina, but didn't she just talk to us a second ago?  With a meager acknowledgement she brisked us away towards our table as we hurriedly followed behind her, barely being able to keep up with her pace.  She just dumped us at our table and she walked away mumbling "Enjoy your meal."  I don't care if she's having a bad night - that's just unexcusable and she should not be doing this job!  Anyway, let's get to the food, which thank gawd, was much better than the welcome wagon.

The Onion Soup Shooter Veloute quickly caught my attention on the menu. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=C-pDKxqs7P9_XfL8FJLI7Q
Oh my, this was lovely to the senses as soon as it arrived to our table.  You pour the white creamy soup into these slender sipping glasses that help the wonderful mixed aroma of onion and truffle waft into your nose as you sip.  It was so good that I was worried that there might not be enough, but the huzbeau and I were able to have at least three shots each.

The tender Braised Hamachi rested on top of some very flavorful pickled shiitake mushrooms and the blanket of soy ginger foam on it rounded out each bite perfectly.  It was so light and delicate and I liked it almost as much as the soup. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=PcLlxY661ppzFROMrjho2w

We weren't too hungry, so we decided to share a Pepper Crusted Filet Mignon with a side of Fingerling Potato Puree. We ordered the meat medium rare and although it tasted fine, there were parts of the filet that were chewy.  The potatoes were just ok too.  Both were presented very nicely but they just weren't that notable as I'd hope they'd be. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=V7Ec-Y_rYuYJB_ECfzeVuw

Most reviewers seem to like the Sangria and I'm assuming that they had the red.  We ordered the white, and regrettably it really wasn't that great. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=nFbp8SFThRlQrDp7j2xkAw

At the front of the establishment, the brightly lit patio seating that surrounds the bar doesn't require reservations and is quite misleading as to how the restaurant really looks inside.   The dark interior had a very warm feel with its textured stone walls. The sculptural chandeliers and strategically placed recessed lighting played up the high ceilings very well.  Large parties are seated in well placed coves where they can have good conversation without disrupting those on a romantic date.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=qUxX1LvxE2kXPNVPhNXfPg

It was such a relief that our servers were not cut from the same cloth as the hostess and they were great.  I'd highly recommend a visit here just for the Truffled Onion Soup - but would hope that a friendlier and more professional hostess is working when you go!
We had 2 hours before meeting friends for a night of lounges and dancing.  Decided to have a light meal before our night began.  So glad we decided to try Fleur!

We ordered...
Iced tea - perfect!
Mini Sliders - BEST IN THE WORLD!  Fresh and tender. My mouth waters as I think about it.
Tomato Flambe' - Delicious!
Pistachio Pavlova - Incredible!!!
Coffee - delicious!

It's been a long time since I loved everything I had at a restaurant. Every bite was incredible.  We had an outside seat which was perfect.  The staff are super friendly and very attentive.  Our waitress, Victoria was amazing!

I love that they have small plates for those of us that just want a bite of this or that.  It works for us perfectly.

Next time I'm in Vegas, I am coming here for sure!
me and the gf went here for our anniversary dinner. i was a bit hesitant at first but i trust her judgment so we decided to splurge a little bit and dine here. we walked in and were seated in like 2 minutes, which was awesome, no reservations needed. 

great ambience, great lighting techniques and all in all a great, dark atmosphere, perfect for couples. we ordered 2 small plates, an appetizer and 1 large plate. we got the mussels and the sauteed shrimp, garlic frites and the red fish as our large one. the mussels with pesto sauce is heaven in your mouth. it tastes so good, along with the sauce, which makes you just adore the taste. the sauteed shrimp is ok, i've had better, but it is really relative. some would like it, others don't. the red fish was AMAZING!!! since we gave up meat for lent, we really succumbed to the taste and awesomeness of the fish. crispy on the outside and really soft and tender on the inside, the taste was UNBELIEVABLE!!! great job there, hubert keller! you nailed it!

i would love to come and visit here everytime i go to vegas. Mandalay Bay has everything, our fave hotel, and now my favorite restaurant, also located inside Mandalay Bay.  

Now this is what 5 stars is all about!!! I just love it!
Yay! I'm a fan. 

... a fan of their specialty drinks. Good wine selection, very good service. 
Shortrib, cerviche, burgers, etc.. all very well done except the below:

Seared Foie Gras was a bit on the oily side. 
Tarte flambee - flatbread was kind of cold.

Nice decor, wish the room was brighter. 
Would come again.
I don't take the time to write many reviews, and I've eaten at some really great restaurants since this but my mind keeps making me want to go back to Fleur.  We went in December of 2011 and it was extremely memorable.  It was my typically traditional Mom's first time eating tapas and she loved it as well.

She was surprised to see how small the tuna tacos were when they came out but we ordered plenty of dishes to keep us full.  The tuna tacos, basil mussels, steak with chimi churi sauce, and lobster mac and cheese were all amazing.  I didn't try anything I didn't like.

There were 4 of us and we all ordered 3-4 tapas a peice.  It was a great way for us to all catch up with each other after we hadn't seen each other for awhile while enjoying dinner. They timed the food perfectly so we never had too much on the table or were waiting for food. 

We used the restaurant.com gift certificate which was a great deal so we were all able to get a few cocktails and dessert as well as the tapas for $43 a person. Amazing deal. 

Save room for desert the creme brule came in original, rasberry, and pistachio, best creme brulee I've ever had. 

All in all best tapas and best place I've eaten at in a long long time!
Bummed. I came by with a friend and we weren't quite sure what to expect. The server was sooooooo sloooooooow. We had a $25 restaurant.com coupon as well so I'm wondering if this may have contributed to our server's indifference. My friend loved the wine selection but I think that's as far as our love here went. My sandwich was too greasy and my dessert was so sweet it hurt my teeth. The restaurant wasn't particularly packed either so we were fairly frustrated at the lack of attention from our server. Probably won't be back.
Braided Short Rib, Peking Duck Breast, Warm Almond Cakes, Tuna Tacos, Fig Flambe, Pork Schnitzel, Marinated Olives, and Ceci Frito were all very tasty.  Although the portions are small, they allow you to get a lot more variety.  Really enjoyed the experience here as the service was on the spot.  Can't wait to come back again.
I really wanted to use Restaurant Week as an opportunity to try out some of the pricier restaurants that I wouldn't normally visit. Perusing the $20 lunch options, most seemed like pretty standard stuff (read: lots of burgers). I happened on the menu for Fleur:
place I would normally never visit? check.
interesting menu I wouldn't normally order? check.
$20 lunch option? check.
Ok, sounds like a done deal.

We walk in and the hostess is a little cold about seating a party of 6 for lunch and suggests we could just "pull some tables together in the lounge." No thanks, can we please sit at a normal height table? Not to worry, though, we got our normal height table and our waiter was awesome. Tragedy averted. (Plus points for being totally cool with our six-month old).

Ambiance inside is pretty cool. The booths are separated by these flowy curtain things and the wine cellar is actually up on a second floor, looking down over the dining area. Nice.

They had a nice selection of specialty drinks which we did not sample, although I might be back for happy hour, since it's 2 for 1 from 3-6pm. We did get a carafe of sangria, which was tasty, but perhaps not worth the price tag.

Now for the food! The restaurant week special was seriously awesome. The first course was a field green salad with cheese croutons. Just a salad, I know, but very deliciously prepared. The main course was short rib lasagna, and I wasn't too excited about it, but it was sooo good. The beef was tender and flavorful, the noodles perfect, the cheese mild but added a great flavor to the dish. Plus, the baby carrots were delicious. I could have eaten like 4 of these things, no joke. Then dessert. I gave myself a 1-meal reprieve from my ban of sweets in honor of restaurant week, and it was definitely worth it. The dessert was a pot de creme with bourbon foam and cookie, which I found out means "fancy chocolate pudding." Great texture, the bourbon foam added the tiniest hint of tartness (or whatever the flavor of bourbon is), and the cookie was delicious, with a light not-too-sweet cream filling. It was served in a mini mason jar, so extra points for presentation.

If the review stopped there, I would grade Fleur five stars, but my husband was not in the mood for the lunch special, and instead got an Italian sandwich. Who would order such a thing at Fleur, you may ask? Well, I know of only one person. The sandwich was fine, but it was still just a regular sandwich. $18 was pretty steep, so I have to assume the rest of the menu is pretty pricey, too.
Stopping by to say that the pistachio pavlova with chai tea ice cream and orange raspberries is divine. Out of this world. Enlightening. Splendid. I love when a chef can put together a combination that I've never heard of and makes it delicious. The pavlova has a nice crunch but is light like a cloud. The chai tea ice cream is strong on its own but mellows out and adds a nice spice when eaten with the pavlova. The raspberries add a sweet and tart note. Wow! Big enough to share, but... one hungry person could conquer this thing :)

Portions are not huge, which I actually liked because I was able to try an appetizer, main course, and dessert. Usually I'm stuffed just from the entree! However, if you want to spend as little as possible and get full, this probably isn't the place for you.

Minus 1 star because (1) my lobster mac and cheese [as seen on Top Chef Masters!!!] and peking duck breast were good but not extraordinary and (2) service was lackluster. The guy was okay, but he never smiled and didn't act like he cared about us at all.

PS I came with a Restaurant.com certificate :)
Hubert would not be proud.  Spareribs tasted like stew meat and for 26 dollars you also got some cold potato salad.  Tuna tacos were flavorless as well and the  dining experience was just blah.  Nothing flash as you would expect from a top chef.
Fantastic! Ate there for a late dinner probably 9:45pm and the staff was still friendly and very attentive, even after a long day. Cocktails were yummy we had the cherry limeade and the blood orange with nitrogen. Loved the small plate style, ordered 6 as recommended for two people and was completely satisfied. My faves were the chimichurri skirt steak and they creamy polenta. I thought everything was perfect from the decor down to the silverware. Great Job!! I would recommend this restaurant over and over!
The mac and cheese was bland, flat, not cheesy and under seasoned. The Caesar was bland and had no taste of anchovy. The spicy shrimp were over cooked. The foie lacked sweetness and was balanced poorly. Meal was bad left more then 80% uneaten. Save your money and go to rick moonens in the Mandalay you'll get a fantastic meal. Service was ok and the assistant manager took most of the items off the check, but all in all don't waste your time it was awful.
We just happened to be in Mandalay Bay looking for a place to have lunch on the last day of restaurant week.  We were looking at the various menus an decided that Fluer had the best value. We ended up ordering only one special and then we picked from the menu. The special included a small salad (ok) short rib lasagne (great taste, but small) and a chocolate mousse desert (pretty good.  We also ordered the tuna tacos  which came with 3 tiny tacos (yummy) the lobster Mac and Cheese ( light and yummy, but did not taste at all cheesy) and some goat cheese toast (yummy and light). We also ordered a Cuban sandwich (good) and the fries that came with it (phenomenal). For 3 of us we end up spending about 85$ pre tip and we were all satisfied, not at all full, but satisfied.  Everything was well prepared and carefully crafted, our server was good an brought every thing out appropriately (not all at the same time or too long in between).  I would recommend this place if you were going on a date or want to do things a little fancy...however, if you want to pig out this is not the place!
In the competitive culinary world of Las Vegas, Fleur by Hubert Keller does not rate highly.  Mr Keller's Manchego salad is routine and boring.  The fleur burger is utter disappointment at its worst.  The chef had difficulty cooking the burger to medium rare.  The wine list is staid.  With all the other choices in the Mandalay Bay and Las Vegas, venture somewhere else.
Monkey D
Our group of 8 made a reservation for Thursday night and had a great meal here. We were seated at a round table, which was nice so we could all talk to each other. The restaurant was not very crowded, but possibly only because it was early (730... early for Vegas). All of the food that came out was delicious and not a single plate went uneaten. The plates were also fairly large in size so no one had room for dessert at the end of the meal. The service was also great, and when I walked up (late... after the rest of my group) Hubert Keller was standing at the front podium right next to the sign with his picture. I figured he just created the menu and didn't actually do anything at the actual restaurant, but he was there in his chef garb checking with the hostess.
being the big foodie i am i've been following keller's career since the eighties. had a bunch of the small plates and as usual, the simpler the better. the foie gras was exceptional in a shitake/ginger sauce. burratta with olive oil and salt and pepper with bread was heaven. tart flambé was delicious. the only miscues were the lobster mac and cheese(dry and needing more lobster) and the thai flavored wings(they were tiny). other than that it is a beautiful restaurant, service was spot on(plus our server was a hottie and he had a great eastern european accent. the best was talking to and shaking hubert kellers hand on the way out!
2nd stop on my birthday extravaganza lead us to Fleur.  My friend visited this place last year for her birthday and got to meet Hubert Keller in the flesh.  I wasn't so lucky LOL but no worries.  We were here to enjoy some dessert and drinks after a great meal at Mix.  

Along with our drinks, we also got the grand marnier souffle and vanilla creme brûlée.  I thought the creme brulee was on point!  It was served with a vanilla cream foam and fruit.  The creme brulee was served in a  rectangular dish which was suitable for 4 people to share off of.  The souffle was not as delightful in my opinion.  Although I've had souffle before, this one had a strong egg odor.  It was served with orange flavored cream and ice cream.  As long as you mixed all the components, it was tolerable. 

The best part of the evening came when our server brought a plate with 4 banana cream muffins, fruit, a lit candle and chocolate words reading, "Happy Birthday."  Such a great touch!  

Haven't had dinner there, and from our desserts only, it was ok.  I will come back to try their enticing menu.  Next time, I will raise my rating if Hubert comes out to greet us! LOL.
As a group of 15 women, out for dinner to celebrate our friend's Bachelorette party, I was a bit worried. Can this place please all of our different tastes and preferences?

Fleur did not disappoint. We ordered "the Feast". Which basically meant we served everything on the small plates menu except for the caviar, foie grae and the wagyu beef.   On top of that, everything on the dessert menu was also served on our table.  

We were iffy on how full and how satisfying small tastes of everything would get us but really we all felt like we were on an episode of Top Chef with everything that came around. I think we had at least 20-25 plates come to the table.

Some highlights were the escargot, the oysters topped with a tequila/lemon sorbet, Scallops served with cabbage and bacon, steak tartare and fried chick peas. I can't remember everything that came out and everything was delicious. There was one mediocre dish, but in comparison to everything else it still was good dish.

As for the desserts highlights were an almond panna cotta, pot de creme, and a lemon sorbet with cilantro ice.

Definitely try in my book. I think with the Feast you will not be disappointed.
Had an early dinner here with my family. We bridged the lunch and dinner menus because we wanted to try a few things from each. We started with the onion soup shooters, burrata, and Brie flambé. The burrata was a large portion of light, fluffy cheese, though a little firmer than I'm used to. Still, accompanied by a nice crostini and tomatoes with balsamic, it was lovely. The Brie was decent. My family enjoyed it more than I did, but I'm not a huge Brie fan. The onion soup shooters were the favorite of the table, with the four of us, from my five year old on up trying to get one more sip. 

At this point, the adults ordered drinks. I had the cherry limeade, which is made with cherry vodka, lime juice and black cherry purée. It was easily the best mixed drink I've had in my life. My husband had the Sumo, which was just okay, and kept sneaking sips of my drink. We ordered another cherry limeade to split. My ten year old ordered the steak frites, just under the wire before the switchover to the dinner menu. It was cooked to medium rare, very tender and juicy. The fries were good as well. 

Once it was time for the dinner menu, I had the salmon, which came with a nice dill sauce and some lightly cooked sliced cucumbers. It was delicious. My husband had the braised short ribs, which came in a larger than expected portion, soft, tender, sweet. He enjoyed it.

For dessert, we had the brownie lollipops, creme brûlée, and panna cotta. My husband loved the panna cotta. The brownie lollipops were pretty slim on the brownie. Like a cake pop, with chocolate mousse  and a thin sliver of brownie dipped in dark chocolate. The caramel sauce that accompanied it was a little skimpy, but tasty. My ten year old had the creme brûlée, which I tasted and thought was a pretty standard creme brûlée. 

The service was good, with a nicely attentive waiter and assistant refilling our waters frequently. I'll be back for another cherry limeade and onion soup shooters.
Came here for lunch and was pretty disappointed in the food.  Had the chicken salad and manchego salad and felt the sandwich especially was an overpriced fast food sandwich.  The chicken was slightly dry and there wasn't much flavor.  Basically, the lunch did not entice me to want to come back for dinner.  Especially after spending $73 for 2 ppl.  I did love Keller's Burger bar though!
YUM!

Met here for a business lunch & celebration!  First time for 2 out of 3 of us and were very excited to see what all was on the menu. 

We started off with the marinated olives. A nice assortment all with very distinct flavors. 
We then tried the onion soup shooter - DELICIOUS!  If you like cream soups, this is it! 
Light onion flavor cream with truffle oil. I could have eaten an entire bowl!

The shrimp lettuce wraps were good, however nothing stood out about them. 

We also had the fresh mozzarella cheese app, which was incredible!

The flatbreads were incredible! You could taste every fresh flavor item on the flatbread!

Service was good.. I thought sometimes a little to attentive, I am looking forward to going back!
Actually, 3.5 stars, but that's not possible. $50 restaurant.com coupon ($100 minimum spend) brought us her. I have been to Fleur de lys in SF and LOVED it - beautiful setting; beautiful experience. This place is drop-dead gorgeous. Aside: what's up with the painting of the partially be-headed Vegas bimbo? Was it ironic juxtaposition in such a "fancy" place? Not quite sure about that one... Anyway, space is pretty to look at, but the service is only so-so, and the food was a bit uneven in execution. Overall, this place was good, but not great. The food:

* Onion soup shooters - rich, creamy, sublime! No idea how they squeezed so much flavor out of something as simple and humble as an onion. Knock-out!
* Tuna taco - perfectly executed and delicious, but a bit of a let-down after the onion soup shooters. 
* Roasted duck - easily one of the best duck dishes I've ever had. The daikon accompanying it was expert and just under being "too" salty - perfection. Husband said it tasted like a teriyaki gummy bear, but that's another story...Loved it!
* Polenta w/ corn - rich, creamy, and the perfect foil for the duck.
* Wagyu burger - can we just call a time-out on the Kobe burgers? I'm officially over this over-priced, over-hyped menu item. Part of the problem was that it was on the wrong side of "medium" - overcooked and dry. Should have asked for medium rare, but shouldn't an attentive waiter gently corrected my husband when he asked for it medium? They have in the past. In any case, this was the main reason for the 3 instead of 4-star. Also, the "pomme frites" that seemed to be roasted fingerlings cut in half. Fine, but not pomme frites.
* Cheesecake - delicious and expertly plated. Nice way to end the evening.
Great food, but the service was a bit slow.  We asked for a second round of drinks and we didn't see our server for 15 mins.  He forgot to order our drinks.   Great ahi tacos, but the best is the Bailey's dessert...WOW, it made up for the slow service.
I was very saddened when I walked though the back of Mandalay Bay a while back, only to see the front of Fleur de Lys boarded up, fearing that I had missed my chance to experience one of the best restaurants in town. But never to fear, Fleur de Lys has been reborn simply as 'Fleur', and whatever they were doing behind those closed doors paid off in spades, because my experience at Fleur was one of the best I've had in Vegas. As a local who has a fairly impressive Vegas fine dining resume, I can assure you that when I say this is securely seated in my top 3 all time, it really means that Fleur is something exceptional.

As with any small plate restaurant, sharing is key and part of what makes this dining experience what it is. Our group of 5 split about a dozen small plates, plus 2 large plates and 4 desserts; ended up costing a little over $400 (incl. alcohol) before tip. This place can get expensive very quickly; however, it can be done on a budget if you have some self control.  Since I originally ate at Fleur, I have been back twice with significantly final bills (and once for lunch) and I can say that the quality of food has remained as high as it was the first time I visited back in 2011. 

The standout at Fleur has to be the tuna tacos, which go down as one of the single greatest pieces of food I've ever tasted. There is really no way to accurately convey how incredible these tacos are, you simply have to taste them for yourself. The desserts are also outstanding, highlighted by the pineapple carpaccio and it's sublime combination of lime sorbet and frozen cilantro puree.  There are or course some misses, noticeably the peking duck, but nothing here is bad, and the less than stellar are made up for by the truly great dishes. 

The service is always outstanding. Our waiter was rather quiet, but focused and efficient - he left us alone to enjoy our meal, but was always there when we needed to order another round of plates.  The second time I visited I mentioned that we had been there recently and how much we loved the food, and we were given a dessert on the house (this is the first and only time this has ever happened to me in Vegas). The food comes out rather quickly, but they are typically staggered to keep from overloading the table (a problem I've noticed at other tapas or small plate restaurants). Everything was hot and fresh, and perfectly prepared and plated. The garnished and sides were all completely functional, and added an incredible depth to just about every dish. I feel like I could drone on for pages about how great this place is, but I will stop myself and simply say that this place is one of the top restaurants in Vegas, and should not be missed by anyone who is a fan of great food (and keep a sharp eye while you are dining, because unlike most celebrity chefs, Chef Keller is commonly part of the staff at the Vegas location).
Tapas restaurant. At first glance I wanted to order like 20 things. 

Judging by the yelp pictures other patrons were offered an amuse bouche and the menu has definitely changed. Bummer for us. 

Croque Monsieur was my favorite.  

Gnocci and risotto were ok. Garlic fries was fabulous. 

Mussels were fresh but wasn't feeling the pesto they put in the broth. Was hoping for the fabulous garlic wine butter broth you get from Bouchon or Mon Ami but it was on the sweet side. 

Very disappointed with braised beef. Considered a 'large' plate and they charged something like $30. Had way too much fat and the potatoes were undercooked. Should have gotten the short ribs. 

If it wasn't for the Restaurant.com coupon it would have been way over priced and not worth it.
Great food!  We had a party of 8 and ordered "The Feast" which is literally one of everything on the menu (minus a few more expensive items).  It says it feeds 6+ so I figured whatever we really liked we could order more of.  The food was WAY more than enough for 8 people.  We ended up bringing a bunch of it home.  Also, it doesn't say anywhere, but The Feast actually included dessert too!  And by dessert I mean EVERY DESSERT ON THE MENU!

Some people in our group had the absinthe snuff/drink and I had the cocktail sampler which was also very good.  All in all, everyone in our party ate and drank to way excess, we had tons of left overs, and it was all for less than $100/person.  I was AMAZED at the quality and quantity of food.

I will definitely return!

Highlights include:

Steak tartar
Parmesan paprika popcorn
Onion soup shooter
Burrata
Tuna tacos
Oysters
Ceviche
Lobster mac n' cheese
Great dining experience.
The food was great. 
Great ambiance and presentations.
Could get a bit expensive with wine.
But definitely worth the try.
Enjoyed it very much.
Went here for dinner. They have not even ONE vegetarian entree!!   So we tried their small plates. The risotto was the BEST risotto ever, but it was hardly 4 spoons of it. hummus was just okay!! We ordered espresso martini, it was literally chilled baileys creme, or at least tasted like it. Their cheese cake was great. After spending $70, I and my husband left hungry and went to forum shops for actual dinner!!!
I was very disappointed as I had expected more from a Keller restaurant. We ordered two dirty martinis with olives - we asked for stuffed blue cheese olives which they didn't have (in Vegas???) and they weren't very dirty.

To the food: my wife had the Wagyu burger - she very much enjoyed this and also the fries. I ordered from the small plates the steak tatar and the herb crusted snails. The tatar was somewhat lacking in proper seasoning so I give that 3 stars. The snails were lacking in anything that could be called herbs and I would rate them 2 stars.

The wines list was unrealistically expensive - a $10 retail priced wine was listed for $50! The atmosphere reminded me of a sports bar - quite dark and uninviting.

The bottom-line: we do not recommend this one. Our 3 stars were based heavily on my wife's Wagyu burger.
Simply amazing. Hubert Keller is a gentleman and a scholar. Just go and try it all. The meatballs were my favorite as well as the picture that I got to take with the man, the myth, and the legend himself.
I like this place more than I should.  It's pretty darn expensive, and not everything on the menu is to die for, but some of it is.  Like the french onion soup- its heaven in my mouth watering mouth!  Love it.  The garbanzo beans are also good, as well as the salads.  Oh and they have flaming drinks.  Hooray!  I also like their drinking glasses.  I know it's a weird thing to like, but I look at them every time I'm there and think, gawd these are cute!  If you want to spend too much on dinner and think about how cool Hubert Keller was on Top Chef- come here-  They even have 'in the shower mac-n-cheese' from Top Chef Masters.  Hilarious!
Nice menu, excellent food!
This is not a romantic French restaurant.  Perhaps I didn't do my homework. I obviously didn't do my homework.  And this is a great restaurant but it's not what I was expecting and I was disappointed. I really thought it was going to be French and a bit more elegant.

Let me further preface my review by stating I am a sucker for a celebrity chef.  Especially a slightly lesser known celebrity chef than the Emerils, Pucks and Flays of the world.  But I really thought this was going to be a slightly more casual version of the romantic French original in San Francisco that I've read about.  My husband and  I were in town for a weekend getaway and were looking forward to a quiet respite away from all the noise of Vegas.  Since we were staying on the opposite side of the Strip, this was a special trip.  This restaurant is located just off the casino floor in Mandalay Bay.

It was not quiet.  As soon as I saw it, I knew it was not what I wanted but we were there so we stayed.  I asked the hostess to seat us away from the front bar and noise but we were seated just inside the restaurant even though other seats were available.  Shame on me for not insisting on the back of the restaurant.  The decor is very contemporary, urban and loft like with a two story ceiling.  The noise level is high from the bar and the club across the hallway in addition to the lounge music playing in the restaurant itself.

The food is contemporary American small plates.  We had ceviche, wings, sliders, tuna tacos and a few other things.  I really didn't see anything French on the menu.  Dare I say it, it's basically elevated bar food.  It's good and for $140 with three cocktails including two signature drinks, it was less than we were expecting to pay.  But this wasn't the dining experience we were hoping for.  The cocktails are very good and probably the highlight of the meal.  No, the souffle was the highlight.  Very yummy.

I just can't recomend getting in a cab to travel to the other side of the Strip for sliders and Buffalo wings.
Our group decided to go fancy for my bestie and my birthday dinner in Vegas, so we ended here after reading good reviews. The restaurant has a classy ambiance - dim lighting, modern furniture, and fancy table top elements. (I thought the water cups were candle holders! They had an intricate damask design on them.)

Because we had a party of 10, we decided to order "The Feast." Sounds daunting, right? Don't worry - there was a lot of food! The Feast includes almost everything from the menu. It's definitely enough food, but because most of them were small plates, not everyone got to try everything. Out of all the dishes (minus desserts), the Lobster Mac n Cheese really stood out. To be honest, not a lot of the dishes wow-ed me.

By the end of dinner, I was the only girl in the group, so obviously, I ate the majority of the desserts. It was quite a happy birthday to me! Their creme brulee was good, ice cream and sorbets were fresh, and oh my god, the cheesecake was AH-MAZING! 

Their service was great - they consistently brought out food, took away used plates, filled our water glasses, and made sure we had everything. They also brought out two birthday desserts to end our dinner, which was pretty sweet! For about $70 per person, it's definitely a nice celebratory-kind-of-restaurant to go to.
Casual fine dining in the form of fusion French.  Fleur is not the scary uptight high end restaurant you'd expect in the middle of Mandalay Bay; it's much more relax and fun for the night out with friends and family.  This is not to say that it's a cheapy place; it's definitely not that.

If you have a group of 6 or more, make a reservation for dinner and have "The Feast" where you basically eat the menu... the whole menu.  But for the foie gras and the caviar (which are super pricey), The Feast comes with everything on the dinner menu and is more than enough to generously feed 6-8 people and not leave room for you to seek out more afterward. 

Unlike some of French places, none of their dishes are overly heavy or saucy.  The mild light favors allow the different contrasting tastes of each dish to shine on its own.  Every dish is presented beautifully with lighter fares interjected between the more flavorful ones.  They usually serve 3 dishes at a time, grouping them to give you enough varieties to keep you guessing.  The fishes are light and delicate, the meats of tender and perfectly prepared.  And you definitely have to leave room for array of desserts that you can end the night with.  (The panna cotta and pineapple carpaccio were my favorites.)  

Be prepare to sit for 2-3 hours and enjoy your meal. The staff is super attentive and knowledgeable.  And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).  Definitely a recommend.
On a recent trip to Vegas, my husband and I ditched our Son and his friend and had a romantic dinner here.  We have eaten here before (when it was Fleur De Lys) and thoroughly enjoy any meal with Hubert Keller's name attached to it.  Although, we liked the meal choices better prior to the transformation to a less formal, small plate establishment, it was still wonderful food in an elegant atmosphere.  The highlight of our meal was the "in the shower mac and cheese."  OMG!!!  I can only imagine how many calories was in that dish but oh so worth it.  I am convinced too that all high-end Vegas restaurants know how to mix a great cocktail.  My martini was simply delectable and refreshing.  In my youth, I could have drank them all night long but opted for just one (even though my heart and my taste buds were begging for more).  This remains one of my favorite Las Vegas restaurants in spite of the changes that have been made.  This is a must for anyone who is looking for a great  place to dine "casually elegant."
The cocktail was outstanding and the Grilled shrimp Caesar with truffles had great flavor. That said, the lettuce was not crisp - something I would not have expected for this caliber of restaurant.
I so wanted to try the "in the shower" Mac and Cheese based on the Top Chef challenge....but wanted the Cheeseburger....over all solid flavors and tasty seasoned fries with great service and a great view to people watch in the casino.
It could just have been lunch, but I was really disappointed.  I had been here for dinner 4 times and every time I had dinner there, it was stellar.  This time around we went for lunch and it really was borderline.  Not very good at all.  

All of the hot food came out cold.  The service was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The flatbread was soggy and they call it a flambeé, but it's a flatbread.  
The tuna tacos was meh...  the shell was cold.  We serve our shells hot, which tastes so much better.  The  manchego salad with shrimp was the best item we had, but the salad was $20 and was no more than a 9" plate.  Not worth the price.  I am not an elcheapo for good food.  I will pay any amount, if the food is good, but this salad was not worth $20.  

The honey coriander sauce on the braised short rib was way too sweet and we had a salmon dish with cucumbers and dill sauce.  It was good, but cold.  

Overall - don't go for lunch.  There was only 3 tables in there at 11:30a-1p.  No wonder..... I should have taken that hint.  Don't go if the crowd at Mandalay is not going there.  BorderGrill was packed for lunch.  I wish we had went there.  

I may give dinner another try, as it was real good, but will certainly stay away from lunch.
I like the smaller portions, especially for lunch. The food was all very well done. Service was excellent. I actually ate here twice in a week, and was pretty happy both times.
***Mandalay Bay's Fleur is a good option for an upscale lunch in Las Vegas***

Fleur used to be Fleur de Lys, a more traditional fine dining restaurant (based on the original SF location), but Hubert Keller converted it into Fleur, a modern tapas spot (probably to better align with the diverse crowd that Vegas attracts).

I tried Fleur a few years ago and for the most part the food was good (with some just okay dishes here and there).  Despite the quality of the food, the portions were incredibly dainty making Fleur feel quite overpriced.

For lunch, Fleur works better though (at least in terms of value).  There is a mix of small plates so you can get a small taste of what Fleur cooks up at dinner.  There are also more substantial lunch plates--sandwiches and salads but also entrees like steak frites and salmon.

I started with the burrata salad--something I would expect to see on the dinner menu and it was actually a substantial starter.  There was a generous portion of burrata, which was very creamy.  The burrata sat on some good, juicy and sweet heirloom tomatoes.  The burrata was topped with tomato pearls.

There was also olive oil powder and basil powder.  The basil powder had a stronger flavor, but the olive oil powder had a more memorable texture as it turned to almost cream upon tasting it.

Everything was garnished with a really good balsamic--a very deep and rich flavor.  There was also a side of bread, which was just okay--they probably should have toasted it.

For my entree, I went with the steak frites, which included a very generous portion of hanger steak.  There were two pieces of steak.  One was cooked very nicely.  It was incredibly tender and also quite juicy.  The even cooking of the steak (maybe it was sous vide) was very impressive.  There was also a good outside sear.

The other piece of steak was not as good (maybe the unevenness of temperature had to with how the pieces were quite different in size).  The steak was okay, but it was not as tender and a little dry in parts.

The steak had a good flavor; I still would have preferred more seasoning because the sauce was too light in flavor to add much.  With steak frites, I like a richer bordelaise like the one at Lucques (Los Angeles).

The herb garlic frites were nice and crisp.  The frites were a little uneven in seasoning as some frites had more of a garlic flavor, which was nice.

They had several desserts, but I didn't think much sounded exciting.  I ended up opting for the almond panna cotta.  The panna cotta was topped with strawberry citrus soup and then garnished with blackberries, streusel, and kalamansi blackberry sorbet.  The panna cotta had a great consistency.  It was creamy, smooth and light.

There was not much of an almond flavor while there was an overabundance of strawberry citrus soup.  The strawberry soup kind of overpowered the panna cotta.

I liked the streusel, which was buttery and crisp.  The kalamansi blackberry sorbet was also good--not icy and very cool and refreshing.

Service was very good.  My server was personable and polite.  He was also very attentive and intuitive even though he had to service many tables.  The hostess was nice too (and attractive if that is important to you).

As mentioned, prices are not too bad.  Almost everything was priced under $20 and portions were more than generous on a few plates.

For lunch, only the cafe is open.  While the decor is nice and contemporary, it is close to the casino so you have to deal with casino noise; the cigarette smoke also wafts over a little bit, which is unfortunate.

For dinner, the main dining room is much nicer.  The room is very contemporary, but it is also very warm (great use of warm colors) and inviting.  It is also farther back in the restaurant, which makes it feel like a nice and relaxing retreat from Vegas.

The food at Fleur is good for both lunch and dinner, but lunch is much more affordable.  There are not many notable upscale places open for lunch in Vegas so it is nice to have an option like Fleur available.

Fleur is located in Mandalay Bay and like many casinos, Mandalay Bay has its own free parking structure.  The structure leads right to Fleur's entrance.
Underwhelmed - stopped by during a weekday lunch while at an event at Mandalay Bay. Restaurant was oddly deserted. Server raved about the burger like there was no comparison (shouldn't do this unless it carries serious weight..you're in Vegas), so unfortunately tried this on his recommendation. Was tasty, but not worth a return visit. Menu/setting is casual but prices are not. Restaurant oddly juts out into the public area, which makes it feel like you're dining among passerbys.
So excited to go here after seeing Hubert Keller on Top Chef. Ordered "in the shower" lobster Mac and cheese.... And was disappointed. It was watery, and rather tasteless! Tartine with Brie and honey was absolutely delicious. I also had a Caesar salad with shrimp.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Service was excellent.
Delish!!
I recently stopped in for a quick late lunch at the bar, and to be honest, there is not much to update here, because this place is still fantastic.  The tuna tacos are still my favorite single thing to eat in Vegas, and the cherry-limade cocktail I had was amazing.  And even though they weren't directly listed on the lunch menu, I finally had a side of the garlic herb fries, which were also top notch.  

Fleur has quickly become one of my favorite (albeit, pricey) lunch spots if I'm on the south end of the strip.
First off: I came in with HUGE expectations! Hubert was my fav on Top Chef Masters and could NOT wait to eat here while in Vegas!

We decided to go all out and get everything we wanted so we did the Liquid Nitrogen table-side cocktails. I recommend do this is once- it is an experience and fun to have a sorbet-ish cocktail. 

We had a delicious flatbread, snails, ceviche (Mmm ceviche was AMAZING!) and "shower" mac'n'cheese which was sadly disappointing.

We went for the Fleur Burger with truffles and foie gras. THIS is why I wanted to go here- we couldn't get the $5000 burger so this was just as extravagant...

AND I was disappointed. It was too much and meh at the same time. Sad day.

Moving on the desserts were phenomenal!!!! We tried the brownie pops AND cheesecake- the cheesecake was divine. Drool- so good.

Great date place- expensive but good. Avoid the burger and get all the delicious small plates and desserts!
Great service, very good food, fairly expensive for what you get. I liked the Margarita sorbet oysters but only four per order. The Ahi tacos had amazing flavor but were also very small. The lobster mac and cheese was not earth-shattering but tasty enough with good size lobster chunks. The steak tartar was larger than I expected and had great flavor, a little more of the pickle flavor than some, but I like and expect that. The best dish by far was the souffle. It was a little smaller than I am used to from other restaurants and a the egg/custard flavor was a little more pronounced than some I have had but it was really, really good. I will have to make a point to return just for the souffle if nothing else.
By far the best meal of my trip to Vegas. I went for lunch. Had olives, the short rib Lasagna, and a cherry lime cocktail. Everything was about as close to perfection as you can get. Can not WAIT to go back!!!
Came here for a nice lunch before leaving Las Vegas.  I would recommend the ahi tuna tacos, which were perfect little bites to whet one's appetite, the flatbread with brie, bacon, and morels (I think...it's not on the online menu, but was available when we were there), and the caesar salad which was bursting with truffle-y flavor!  Unfortunately, the grilled chicken sandwich was a little on the dry side.  

Fun fact: they serve absinthe here...yes, real european absinthe with wormwood content!  Would have loved to have tried it, though probably not a good idea prior taking a flight back home, lol.

The atmosphere is fun and boisterous as it's "outdoor" seating, meaning that it's open to the walkway within the hotel area and service was very friendly and accommodating.
All of the issues we had to deal with really left a bad taste in my mouth.  The food was excellent, but it couldn't outweigh the bad hosts/hostesses, bad waiting, and DOUBLE CHARGES on my card.  For full disclosure, we had a group of 25 dining, but had booked 2 months in advance, we were all on one check, and the restaurant only had three or four other tables of 2 people each dining at any one point in the night.  We arrived and had a few drinks while they were getting our table ready.  Some simple questions to the host and hostess about how they wanted to handle the large alcohol tab we were running up - did they want to just add it to the table total or not - were met with listless responses and flippant passing remarks.  We sat down and it took about 30 minutes to get half of the tables' drink orders from two waiters - all of which were non-alcoholic because we were confused by the host/hostess about the original drink orders up front.  The other half of the table did not get their drink orders taken at all, we had to get up and catch a waiter to let them know that they missed them.  We ordered the tapas style courses, and although I am fully aware of the concept, there should be enough single-bites for every person to at least get one bite.  Sorry, not the case.  Several people were left without food, and please keep in mind that they knew the size of our party 2 months ahead of time.  I had to tell them to please increase the quantities they were serving to at least feed everyone at the table.  Despite the lack of enough food, what we were able to try was really good.  I signed the $3000 check, filled out the survey letting them know my disappoint, and moved on.  Flash forward to three weeks later, with no calls from Fleur management about anything at all.  I get a call from my bank telling me that it seems Fleur has DOUBLE CHARGED ME with each charge three weeks apart and the bank froze my account for fear of fraud.  I've been calling and calling but no answer from any Fleur management.  Poor, poor, poor customer service.
This place was great.  The service was wonderful. 
We had the ahi tuna tacos and the tuna was so unbelievably fresh. 
We also had the goat cheese pesto flatbread which was awesome. 
Loved it!
Two stars for quality of food. Bf and I wanted a special dinner on our night in Vegas, but we didn't even get to the main course! We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, foie gras, and truffle onion soup which were all highly rated. I've never turned down mac and cheese, but this was something else! It was watery like they just boiled the noodles and rushed it out before draining the hot water. Truffle onion soup was tasty and well presented, so we thought the noodles were just a fluke. Foie Gras wasn't a taste we've acquired yet, so I want to be fair, it's probably good for those who like it. On to drinks: we ordered the trio sampler... let's just say it brought us back to the days when frat boys were passing out shots to the freshman girls. Poor quality booze, SLOW Service and just bad mac and cheese... how can you mess up mac and cheese?! So we left without ordering any further and looked for a different restaurant for dinner =(
One of the best dining experiences I have ever had. The server was very helpful and willing to suggest her favorites. This place is definitely not high on value and probably turning an enormous profit on some dishes (ahi tuna tacos come to mind, 3 two-square inch tacos for $12), but some of it is really worth it and not enough to make me knock it down from five stars. 

One thing that would have made me knock it from five stars is the fact that my reservation was not in the computer. Luckily there were literally two other tables in the whole place, but had I spent 10 minutes on the Mandalay Bay reservations line and not gotten a table, I would have been furious and not enjoyed my meal so much, if I would have bothered to stay. A caveat to keep your confirmation number when making a reservation. 

We ordered 9 small plates and a dessert, all for two. I had a restaurant.com coupon and wasn't sure if I would ever be back, so we decided to go all out. The server suggested that we get around 3 per person, but considering how small a few of the small plates were, 9 would have been necessary.

Starting off with the not so great, for myriad reasons:
-Manchego salad - a teeny little dusting of manchego on top of a salad. I was expecting, you know, a lot of manchego considering it is the namesake of the salad. It was good, but somewhat misleading.
-"In the Shower" Mac and Cheese - gourmet mac and cheese with lobster meat in it. I'm sure it's all fantastic quality ingredients, but $18 for a small plate seemed steep.
-Ahi tacos as mentioned

And on to the good:
-Duck Confit - little baby spring rolls with duck meat. Delicious.
-Fried chickpeas - the best value on the menu at $3
-Flatiron steak with chimichurri - deliciously prepared, though we had a lot of extra chimichurri
-Lemon basil risotto - excellent, though slightly overpriced for the amount
-Brie flambee - nice little flatbread with honey and bacon. The combination of the ingredients made it sort of breakfasty, but still delicious.

And finally, one of the best things I ever ate: the steak tartare. It was fantastic. I had only had tartare one other time, and after you get used to the whole, erm, concept, it was truly wonderful. The flavors melded really well together and the dish made our night. For dessert I had a pistachio meringue with chai ice cream. The meringue was extremely sweet but the ice cream was the right sweetness for such a meal.

Happy hour for $5 wells and $6 glasses of wine. But be careful, after the happy hour they jump to $12 and $14 respectively. 

One thing we noticed, though, is that it would be very hard to come here with 3-5 people. With 6 or more you could just do the "eat the menu" option, but with 2 we each got to have a couple bites of each thing. With more than two, you would be picking and choosing who got to have more bites, particularly for things like the ahi tacos and the duck confit. 

Picking up a restaurant.com certificate will definitely help you on price, too. All in all I will be back but with an edited menu and less of a go-all-out attitude so that I can really enjoy just a few things without putting such a large dent in the old pocketbook.

One thing that should be changed both here on Yelp and on the Mandalay Bay website: this place is not dressy. It is in a restaurant row with "patio" seating with people wearing jeans and with shopping bags. It's definitely not a place to come in your bathing suit cover up, but it's not "dressy" as advertised by both these outlets. I stressed out over what to wear for nothing!
Hubs and I wanted to try Fleur when it was Fleur de Lys, but we missed our chance. So, Restaurant.com certificate in hand, Hubs and I decided to try this new "tapas" version of Fleur in November 2011.

We sat out on the "patio" of the restaurant (patio meaning it was along the indoor avenue of Mandalay Bay). Great people watching.

We sprang for some sparkling wine with our tapas, which was pricey but complimented our snacks. We enjoyed the marinated olives (pretty much what you would expect) and the burrata, which was excellent. I didn't want it to end. Lovely texture and flavor.

The waitress was a little snobby and didn't seem to stoked on our restaurant.com certificate but I don't really understand the attitude since the certificate stipulates that 18% gratuity will be added to the bill automatically. So, regardless of her concern over our "cheapness," she would receive at least 18% gratuity.

And believe me, this isn't cheap! Bill was $72 without tip and gratuity and before our restaurant.com certificate.

And, just a small rant that isn't Fleur's fault: 

There was a small girl hanging on the short railing along the patio...inches away from our food. Staring at us, breathing on our food...and the parents said NOTHING! For about five minutes this goes on! Seriously, control your kid. Keep them away from people who are dining. It almost ruined the afternoon with my frustration over the lack of discipline and respect the parents had.

Bottom Line: Fleur is a nice spot for some people watching, tasty drinks, and delightful snacks...just watch out for inattentive parents...
Expensive, enjoyable meal, where the only positive was the food.  The staff was not particularly well trained, and the ambiance was similar to dining in the middle of a crowded mall.  From my experience, Chef Keller (who was there when I dined) does not attempt wildly creative dishes but attempts to provide the best of simple dishes.  Here, all the dishes are small.  

Fleurtini: red grapefruit vodka cocktail served in a martini glass rimmed with sugar.  Very tasty, I couldn't resist getting 2 for the low price of $30, about what I spent total at Keller's Burger Bar the night before.

Tarte Falmbee: long crispy appetizer cracker with asparagus, onion, bacon, and herbs.  Slight truffle flavor.  Absolutely delicious.  

Salmon: served with horseradish dill sauce.  simple but flavorful.  

Duck Confit: contained a truffle sauce infusion, served in 4 tiny crispy pieces.  Very nice duck flavor, but nothing like the decadence I've had in France.

Wild Mushroom Ragout: not a ragout at all but a pile of a few varying mushrooms covered with black pepper.  As a mushroom fan, I quite liked it.   

fingerling potato puree: very smooth, with a slight truffle flavor and fresh herbs.  Combined well with the mushrooms.  

Affogato: The best affogato I ever had was at Ferrara in Little Italy, NYC.  This may have been better.  They brought out fresh vanilla Bailey's flavored fresh cream and froze it at the table with liquid nitrogen.  Very cool!

I was extremely satisfied with the meal, my last on my Vegas trip, but the price was too much, at about $150 per person, without ordering wine.
I have been to Fleur de Lys in SF a number of years ago and had a lovely meal, so I was excited to try Fleur here in LV. The food, of course, was delicious and fairly inexpensive for it being LV (partially because we didn't eat any land mammals on this visit). For you vegetarians, Keller has thoughtfully denoted a section of the small plates menu as being "vegetarian", saving you the guesswork of what actually has animal products in it. In addition, if you are on a budget but want the Fleur dining experience, vegetarian is the way to go as the items generally ranged from $3-11. 

In any event, we went with:

- Fried chickpeas: I'm tempted to whip out my Le Creuset dutch oven now and fry my own little chickpea bites of deliciousness now. They were surprisingly delicious when lightly accented with the lemon wedge accompanying it. 

- Heirloom tomato gazpacho: Generally speaking, I'm not a gazpacho person. However, if anyone could change my mind about gazpacho, it is Keller! This delightfully fresh gazpacho was poured at the table over finely chopped honeydew and cantaloupe "tartare" and topped with watermelon pop rocks! The pop rocks actually retained their crunchy pop even after it had been sitting in the gazpacho for a few minutes. 

- Fingerling potato puree: This is not your mama's mashed potatoes. It was super fluffy and creamy with no lumps. Each bite just melts in your mouth because it was perfectly pureed.  The truffle jus was a nice touch as well without being overwhelming. Sometimes, truffles in food can be really "in your face" and this was just the perfect blend of savory earthiness for the potato puree. 

- Garlic fries: I have had my fair share of garlic fries in my days and this is definitely one of the better ones I've tried. This one didn't have raw garlic (which can be way too strong) but had a nice roasted garlic flavor to it that infused every bite with garlic but was just balanced enough to leave you wanting more. This is served with ketchup and mayo. 

- Salmon with horseradish dill cream: This is served medium and was cooked well to the perfect tenderness. There was just a little seasoning on the salmon, but not too much to where it masks the flavor of the salmon. The cream sauce was a nice contrast to the salmon too but I didn't love the cucumber or the mixed greens that came with it. They made for nice decoration but didn't add anything to the dish. 

- Souffle: This takes 30 minutes to make and I highly recommend it. I'm also not a soufflé person, but this one is very fluffy and served with crème anglaise tableside, along with a scoop of ice cream (forgot the flavor). The soufflé had just the right amount of liquor added to it so you don't feel like you are taking a straight shot of alcohol. It was only the size of the small ramekin, which is a pity because after a few bites each, it was over. I probably would get one per person!

We didn't get the affogato but it was quite the spectacular presentation at the other tables. It is Bailey's with liquid nitrogen, which they whip up tableside. It turns into "ice cream", which is topped with espresso. I'm all for molecular gastronomy and I definitely wished we tried this out - though I was very full by this point and ran out of room. 

Service was generally good although not as good as some of the comparable restaurants here in LV. One of the issues is that the restaurant is on the darker side and given that the water tumblers are black, it's hard to tell when a diner has run out of water. With this in mind, we had to keep asking. In addition, perhaps because we came very late in the evening, it seemed like the servers were a little less attentive than expected, or perhaps just disinterested like what other Yelpers have noted.  Another minor quibble I had was that the servingware pieces are very pretty and uniquely shaped, which made getting the food out of them a little tricky and messy. 

In addition, though Yelpers have said this is a dressy restaurant, we definitely didn't get that impression here. We were fairly casually dressed (jeans and shirts with sleeves) and there were other diners in tanks and shorts. When we walked by the next day, there were quite a number of people in shorts and polos or sundresses.
I'm gonna judge Fleur a bit hard. Because it's Hubert Keller. He's supposed to be awesome. This evening was only alright. 

seared foie gras - it's a good dish. it's just between the foie gras, the mushroom and the sauce, it wasn't quite balanced. either you taste this or that. Not together.

monkfish liver pate - this had a variety of different tastes incorporated. I liked it but I didnt love it. 

braised short ribs - this was a solid dish. I can see why it's loved by so many patrons. Call me a snob but it's a great dish only for the unadventurous. Any good restaurant should be able to produce a dish like this. 

lobster mac n cheese - the highlight of the evening. It was creamy. The lobster was relevant. The texture was good. 

Service was above and beyond. Our waitress went around and asked her fellow coworker for recommendation on brunch for us. That was very nice of her. And she recommended a Malbec that went really well with our dishes. A+ on service. Not blown away on the food.
The bf and I are MAJOR "Top Chef" fanatics having been religious viewers since Season 1 when Harry rightfully took home the crown and kicked snarky Tiffany to the first loser camp (currently rooting for Viet-loving chef Angelo this season)! So much to our delight, Paul's Vegas birthday dinner would be held at Fleur restaurant in Mandalay Bay, Hubert Keller's (Top Chef Master-du-jour) most recent epicurean establishment specializing in modern global tapas with a hint of traditional French flair. Keller's more formal Fleur de Lys temporarily closed this past September to make way for his first attempt at more innovative casual group dining, thus Fleur was born to accommodate the general public (and their accompanying savory palette it seems).

Problem is, when a creative genius like Keller submits to "dumbing down" his cuisine for popular vote who does he really hurt? Food snobs like myself plus 30 others who deemed Fleur's fare wayyyyy too salty to devour all 12 small plates (plus 3 desserts)? His growing legion of Top Chef fans who expect all of the French flavors but none of the pretentious French snootiness that accompanies such fame? Seems that as your star power grows so does your social responsibility to appeal to the masses, which in turn may affect the bourgeoisie, but definitely not the bottom line baby. 

Hope it doesn't sound too much like I'm complaining because 15 dishes for $45pp, plus a personal meet-and-greet with Keller himself sounds like a steal to me! Then again, I've never met a blue-eyed, silver-haired, famous French fox I didn't immediately go googoo gaga for even before getting to the booze. What's French for "Omg. I'm such a groupie." ?

Bon Appétit my beauties!
Excellent food, even better service! Highly recommend!
I had the tasting menu with wine pairing and everything was good.  Nothing, however, stood out as exceptional.  Maybe it's because the restaurant is located in a massive hotel on the strip that Hubert feels he can't go for it.  I know he has better dishes inside him and I would like to experience them.  Another negative is the price.  On top of an expensive tasting menu, plus wine pairing, we had to pay for special seating.  Only in Vegas......We did get autographed burger books as consolation.
We had a wonderful time!  The tapas style food was to die for, the service was great, the ambiance was phenomenal!  The only draw back was the band that was playing in the bar in the casino.  When the band was not playing, the noise level in the restaurant was quiet.  You MUST order the afogato!
Came here for lunch on a weekday- so my review is based on lunch, not dinner.  

I thought the items we ordered were good.  

"In the Shower" mac & cheese: cheese sauce is smooth, small chunks of lobster, nice crumbly crust on top  
Steak Frites: crust on steak is black and salty, fries have an interesting extra flavor (maybe they're fried in fat instead of oil?) 

As I said before, everything was good but not out of this world amazing.  Our waiter was very honest when we asked him what he recommended.  According to him, you shouldn't order the caesar salad or the field greens salad because you can get that anywhere.  Also, he said that the cuban sandwich is plain, as is the vegetable sandwich.  So if you come here, I would avoid those items!
Nope.......food is average and totally over priced,tiny little portions left us requiring a burger two hours later..affogato at the table side is over rated and pretentious ... just give me a classic affogato with actual espresso not weak wee wee,thank you !
I'm borderline between 3 & 4 stars.  

I would hate to ever get stuck sitting on the patio where everyone wandering through Mandalay Bay can gawk at you eating. Luckily I've always been seating inside. I've never had an issue with service and have enjoyed pretty much everything i have eaten. 

Thumbs up to: 
Onion soup shooter
Tuna tacos
oysters w/  sorbet. (fun presentation on dry ice)
in the shower mac & cheese

After dining here 4 or so times, last night we tried something new. The summer prix fixe menu. This is by far the best section of plates I have ever had @ Fleur. 
tomato/avocado gazpacho, braised short rib lasagna, black cod, nutella french toast!

For the fun of it, you should get any one of the specialty cocktails with the liquid nitrogen. The Bailys Ice Cream Espresso, but try the espresso martini for the extra buzz!
Bithchy Hostess should have been the warning to stay away this is for sure a chicks place to eat small portions of food with high prices. Mac and Cheese with lobster is ok meatballs ok Just not enough ever served.
Keller, the day you do me a disservice is the day I will give up red meat...which is never. 

A lot of people go Top Chef restaurant hunting. I'm afraid I'm one of those people occasionally since my old room mate loves the show. 

I wish I could go back and relive the experience. Excellent service. The highlight of the night was definitely the seared foie gras. How I will miss you! :( Their steak was also amazing, but what else can you expect? 

You must order their pavlova. It had such an interesting texture! Can't say it's like nothing I've ever tasted before, but it's definitely one of my favorites. 

Overall, great experience! I would definitely come back the next time I'm at Mandalay.
Hubert Keller is absolutely charming.  Chats with guests and is concerned about their experience.  Our lunch in this gracious, but business-like venue included a carafe of sangria was delicious, refreshing and light; can recommend the tarte flambee, amazing guinness braised short ~ rib lasagne (best ever non-traditional lasagne), croque monsieur, and panna cotta.
The most wonderful meal and experience I've ever had!

Two things need to be said. One, we know the parents of one of the chefs, and, Two, I proposed to my girlfriend that night and she said yes!

Ok, third, we had this meal 2 years ago, and we are now HAPPILY married.

I wish I saved my notes from the meal.  When I sent out a description after the meal it really rated as food porn.  Every dish was wonderful.  Each better than the one before.

We had the Prix Fix dinner with wine pairings.  Masterful!  When they found out I had proposed and was told yes they brought even more desserts for us to share.  We were STUFFED with the best food when we left.

They gave us a tour of the kitchen when we were done and that was incredible.  Very clean, very organized.  The Executive chef stands in the middle of horseshoe and calls out, "Fire or prepare...whatever".  The only response or talking is "Yes chef".

We were shown monitors in the kitchen with live feeds from various cameras in the restaurant.  The Executive Chef know what each table has ordered and is able to call out the next course without prompting from the staff.

We were also given a Keller signed Burger Bar Cookbook that we asked the Executive Chef and the chef to also sign.

Truly an amazing experience...even without the engagement.
My friends and I decided to stop by Fleur for some coffee and dessert after brunch. I had been meaning to check out Hubert Keller's place for quite some time now, so I was very excited. 

I ordered a cappuccino and it was decent. Nothing too special but it did the trick. 

The pineapple carpaccio was great! It was very fresh and sweet. It was served with cilantro granita as well as lime sorbet. The cilantro may sound strange, but it was delicious! I highly recommend this dessert as it was very refreshing and light. 

My friend ordered the crème brûlée. It was so good! I was pleasantly surprised, so I will definitely be stopping by for dinner.
I've been here twice now. Once in June and again in August. In June, I was obsessed with the Sweet, Spicy, and Salty Wings. I know what you are probably thinking: Chicken Wings at Fleur? Yes. And they are the best wings you have ever tasted. However, I was definitely disappointed that they were taken off the menu during my visit two months later. Also on my visit in August, the staff was really pushy about hurrying us through our meal -- they were taking plates out of our way while we were still enjoying some of the small plates. The food is really good. Some of the best: manchego salad, truffle fries, wings (if they get back on the menu) and the pistachio pavlova. It doesn't seem to get too busy but it is in the middle of Mandalay Bay so be sure to make a reservation just in case. 

Also try the Blood Orange Margarita -- but be careful of the spicy salt rim!
O-M-G

this place is amazing. I came here for lunch and sat at the bar with a bartender named Alan. He suggested I start out with a Carmel espresso martini. Oh man.. such a great cocktail. I ordered the lobster Mac & Cheese. It was SO delish. very creamy and huge chunks of lobster you couldn't ask for something better. I Finished my meal off with a bottle of Chimay. Love that beer! 

I really enjoyed sitting at the bar and people watching. Perfect location to do so. The entire staff was very nice and accommodating. Even though its a little on the pricey side I still highly recommend this restaurant.
- My recent stay at Mandalay Bay was a nightmare!!  

- Thankfully my experience at Fleur by Hubert Keller (located in Mandalay Bay) was quite the opposite.  

- The food here was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.  My husband and I are not foodies!  I am a picky eater, who doesn't care to go too far out of the box (sad, I know).  So we were hesitant to try this type of restaurant.  My husband's first concern was that there was no salt shaker on the table...lol

Our meal consisted of ....

Pan con tomate - toasted ciabatta, tomato, garlic, manchego $7

- The ciabatta bread just melted in your mouth, the fresh tomato (which I usually HATE) was divine and the manchego cheese was the perfect choice.

Prime tomahawk rib eye 40oz (well-done), shallot jus $95

- This was the BEST steak I have ever eaten.  Well-done isn't easy but they cooked it to perfection.  The plate was HUGE, we could have fed a family of four with it.  Upon first bite I thought it was going to be too salty, but I was mistaken.  The flavors just blend together and melt in your mouth.

Fingerling pomme puree, truffle jus $8

- WOW says it all!! Creamy, sweet, and delicious. I didn't want to share!!

Marble potato, shallot butter $ 8

- More WOW, they were so tender and flavorful.

We skipped desert, only because we were so full from the steak and potatoes.  But I'm sure that would not have disappointed us either.

Needless to say my husband had no need for a salt shaker his only concern was that now I found food that I liked better than his (and he's a great cook).
P.S. The leftovers didn't even survive the night!!

Next time you're in Vegas, give Fleur a try (even if you're a meat and potatoes kind of girl/guy)
SIMPLY AMAZING!!!
Unless your in need of a little privacy i would sit at the bar tables overlooking the casino floor. Vegas is always a great town to people watch and the entertainment value here is top notch. Service was terrific. Loved the wine list and decor. My wife loved her food as well, they lost a star for making the chefs signature polenta dish a soupy boring mess.
Very good. Menu has changed over time. Last time I went I'd have given it a 5star. Now it's a 4. Either way it's great French food.  Not bad price compared to other French places on the strip.
we were disappointed from the restaurant having such high hopes seeing chef huber on tv and hearing much about him.

we had the 3 small items of the menu, each at $3 
seasoned popcorn, fry chick peas and marinated olives.
all 3 lacked much taste. honestly hubert - you should cut down on the portion in at least 66% and you can give all 3 items complimentary on each table. its like bread or the great french fries they give free at the steak house a cross the hall (stripsteak) and will just show some class!

we had the fish tacos which lacked seasoning and were very very very small (again much better tacos we had at border grill also few restaurants away belonging to very famous chefs). if this was suppose to be mexican - it lacks the salsa. if this was asian - maybe aoily sauce...anything to help the hard taco shell go down and taste of anything

the palenta was very tasty. the meat balls were tasty as well but not very memorable.
the sliders were very very good, juicy and tasty

all in all, very small portions even for tapas style meal. most dishes were very ordinary.
we had much higher expectation from huber and unfortunatly they were not found.
both restaurants i mentions in this review are only few doors down from the location and were both much much better. so was rm seafood.

i will for sure try one of these 3 famous chefs restaurants before if i had to start it all again....
CHEAP! STINGY! MISERABLE! 

After all day of walking around on the Strip, I was starved. We found Fleur by chance as we explored Mandalay Bay. My BF wasn't very hungry, so he chose something from the "small plate" section of the menu, which, as it was explained to us, was similar to Tapas style. Since I was very hungry, I ordered "slow cooked salmon" from the "large plate" section of the menu. When the orders arrived, I was shocked to see that my "large" plate was no more than the "small" plate my BF ordered. It turned out to be a thin section of salmon, laid out on top of  6 slices of cucumbers, with sauce. After I devoured the salmon, I was still hungry. So I thought, "ok, then I will order dessert.  That should fill me up." So I ordered "Brownie Lollipop." When that arrived I couldn't believe it either. Four little lollipops... and nothing to do with Brownie really, mostly mousse. You have to understand, that after all day walking around, I NEEDED CARBS! I looked at the menu again, and saw in SMALL PRINT, that bread is available upon request, but with a charge of $1.25. At this point I didn't care, so I called the waiter over, kind of voiced my complaint that the "large" plate was no larger in portion size than the "small" plate, and asked him to bring me some bread. He said, the bread is dinner roll with olive oil on the side. When he brought it, he was not kidding, when he said "dinner ROLL," because it was ONE dinner roll, with olive oil on the side. I had to laugh out loud, because it was SO stingy and miserable. The night before we went to another restaurant at another casino resort, and they brought lots of bread, free, and their price was no more expensive. 

So no, I don't recommend this place at all. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else for better food and treatment. Plenty in Las Vegas!
I had a $70 Kobe burger toped with fogra and black truffels.This was so good it was like your birthday Christmas and fourth of July all having an orgy in your mouth. Its clear that I never had anything so good in my life and its funny that it was a burger...
We came for lunch.  The food was great but the service, so-so.  The nicoise salad and the croque monsieur were excellent.  They were seriously delicious.  I'd return to check out their dinner selections.
Knew Chef Keller from his many TV appearances and his french pedigree.  Was very excited.  Too bad the service was akin to a bad Denny's waitstaff.

We were cut off by the server before finishing our ordering.  Hence, Fleur lost out on a 28 dollar order for Diver Scallops.  I asked for the Duck but with the cabbage from the chicken entree.  We were served our Cesare salad and before we were even half through, our server asked if it would be ok if they brought the entree out since it was "ready".  We relunctantly agreed, only to be served the wrong order (they brought the chicken with the cabbage instead of the duck).  Off went both entrees to be remade.  While waiting, I asked the server to please place an order for the souffle so it would be ready when we finished our meal.

The dinners were good, though my duck skin was not as crispy as I'd hoped.  Server cleared our plates, asked if we wanted anything else, and proceeded to bring our check.  We were too aggravated to tell him he had forgotten about our souffle.  Another 15 dollars they threw away to bad service.

What a disappointment.  Won't go back again.
This review is from a previous visit to Las Vegas, so it's a little outdated, but I stand by it... This place ROCKS!  It is seriously a party in your mouth.

We had planned to eat at Fleur de Lys, not realizing it had closed and that Hubert Keller had created a new restaurant in it's place. When we tried to make a reservation, we realized the situation and decided to eat there anyway. We ate at Fleur on 03/02/11 with a group of nine and ordered THE MENU, which at that time was $415. It was AWESOME. We were served 37 small plates (including the seven desserts) - they told us that it feeds 6-8, but we all nine left full. It does NOT include the large plates or Indulge menu items, however the 37 dishes were all amazing and I was okay in missing out on those pricier dishes. 

Of course we had some drinks as well. The plates are small, so not everyone got to taste every item, but it worked out great, there were some things that someone might not want, so the people who did slurped it up. Eight people would probably be a little better for divvying up the portions, but wow! 

It came to $57 per person, which we thought was very reasonable for this AMAZING meal.  I think if we had each just ordered our own dishes it would have been a completely different experience.  It also created a great atmosphere, we were all excited to see what was going to come out next as servers just sort of kept bringing more dishes! I highly recommend this experience if you have a party of this size.

Our service was very good. The waitress assigned to us was very attentive and kept the food coming. There was one time of about 8-10 minutes when the food stopped and we were uncertain if we were done or not, but then came more. We had a separate "room" that was curtained off from the restaurant, which was nice and probably a good thing as we were a little rowdy that night.

The highlights for me were the mac & cheese, mushrooms, mashed potatos, cheese platter, steak tartare (which I hadn't had before), tuna tacos, and these AMAZING toasted garbanzo beans. The onion soup shooters were to die for and I was loving the sangria, although the drinks were pricey. I even tried a raw quail egg! It was fun and delicious and if you can swing it, you must order THE MENU. I'm sure I had a better time and liked the meal more than if Fleur de Lys had still been there.
Very nice and quiet atmosphere. Excellent service. We had several of the small plates. All of them were very tasty. The wine was good as well. They have a great wine selection.
It took me a while to figure out if I wanted to give this place 3 or 4 stars, but I honestly felt like it wasn't deserving of the full 4 stars. I came here this past weekend for Caroline T.'s birthday. We decided to take her somewhere nice that served foie gras and luckily Fleur was in the hotel we were staying at. Of course we all came here after a full day of drinking/partying at Encore Beach so we were a bit hungover. Upon getting seated, we promptly asked for water and bread (to soak up the alcohol), but the waitress told me that they charged for bread which kind of put me in shock. Now, this isn't the cheap Asian in me coming out and not wanting to pay for it...but it was merely the principle of a fine dining establishment charging for bread. We had 6 girls in our group and they wouldn't even give the birthday girl one piece of bread, but we ordered it for her anyway. When she asked for a second piece they told her they were going to charge her for the second piece as well. I'm sorry, but that was just kind of left a bad taste in my mouth about this restaurant. 

Anyway, moving along to the food I can honestly say I only loved two of the items from my whole meal (seared foie gras & creme brulee). The seared foie gras was amazing and I enjoyed the pineapple pairing it had with it, however, I wasnt a huge fan of the shitake mushrooms. It was no biggie since I just pushed that aside and only devoured the foie gras and pineapple bits. I also had the croque monsieur, which upon the first few bites was good but got tiring really fast. I also had the ceviche and duck confit which were both delicious, but nothing that blew me away. My friends all ordered different things on the menu and no one loved what they got. The only dish that we all had a consensus of truly enjoying was the seared foie gras. One friend got the bone-in ribeye and was so unimpressed she only ate half of it. She said it was comparable to her mom's home cooked steak, and although her mom is a good cook, I would expect more from a fine dining establishment. My second favorite dish of my meal was the creme brulee. It came out on a long thin rectangular plate, which made for the perfect custard base and burnt caramel ratio. The birthday girl got the Grand Mariner Souffle which was also delicious, but I have had better before like at Le Papilion.

All in all, I would probably try to find a better place in Vegas if you want a mind blowing dining experience. Sorry Fleur...but you need to step up your game.
ok, let me be clear. I loved Fleur de lis in the Mandalay Bay! I loved it so much I made 2 trips to vegas JUST to eat there and swim in the wave pool.
That was 2 years ago, so when I got the chance to go again I jumped at it.
Unfortunately it is now Fleur and is pretty much a different restaurant. The ambience was gone thanks to the wall that was removed and the thumping 80's music from 
the bar across the casino floor. The food was mabe a 6 or 7 out of 10 where as before it was a solid 11.
So this time instead of the wonderfull free bread service I had to ask 3 times for bread and when it came it was dry stale and not even tasty, AND I had to pay for it. They had the nerve to charge for crappy bread rolls.
One of my friends dishes was cold in the middle and all the food was over all under seasoned.
The only thing that was the same was the price. I will happily pat 75 to 100 dollars per person for good food but spending $136 for food that was worth maybe worth $45 was very hard to take.
So needless to say I won't be going back. 

On the plus side RM in the same hotel was awesome.
In a word - YUM! This restaurant specializes in small plates which is quite fortuitous given that you'll want to try as many dishes as possible.  Everything we ate was fantastic from the skirt steak with an herby chimichurri sauce to the Italian meatballs simmering in a thick and delicious tomato sauce to the "can I just buy a bucket of this?" mac and cheese with lobster. Come hungry and try everything.
@#$% this was a good meal! The ceviche was one of the best I've had. Asparagus... very tastey... can't remember what I else I had other than to say the martinis were good too! Hey, it was Vegas! 'nuf said. All I can tell you was that this was the best meal we had here and the most reasonably priced.

Great service too. I feared the portions would be ridiculously small, but they were certainly splitable and I felt like I was wobbling out of there I had eaten so much.
They blew my mind the first time we came.  We had the prix-fix menu, and everything came as a surprise.  The beet salad was fresh.  The steak was tender, the fish was flavorful.  The desserts was the nightlight of the meal w a mixture of some fruity ice cream, sweet fruit and crunchy of some cookies...

The whole table of 6 were all pleased.

The second time we came, we ordered the chocolate soufflé.  It was fine, but not the best soufflé I have ever had.

Over a
Ll, they still got two thumbs up from me for a fair price.
Fantastic small plates, will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas.
I've been wanting to try Fleur for a while, so when my friends asked me to plan a dinner for our recent Vegas trip, I jumped at the opportunity to book a table here. 

The hubby and I shared two appetizers and one entree between us. We had the croque monsieur and the mac n' cheese followed by the duck entree. Everything was excellent and portioned well for sharing. 

Overall, I loved the ambiance, the dining room and the food was exceptional. I didn't think their prices were horrible for Vegas but as always, be careful when you're in a group. Someone is ALWAYS going to complain that something is too expensive or overpriced. With drinks, food, tax and tip it was under $150 for the two of us. Not bad for a nice Vegas dinner. 

Next time, I'd like to plan on lunch and just sharing an assortment of tapas.
Hubert Keller is one of my favorites from Top Chef, so I purchased a Restaurant.com gift certificate and made reservations via Open Table at 7:00 PM on a Monday night mentioning that we would be celebrating our anniversary while in Las Vegas.

We arrived 30 minutes early, but that was no problem and we were immediately seated. The hostess asked again if we were celebrating anything special and my husband told her it was our anniversary the next day. We were seated in the dinning room away from the walkway and bar so it was not too noisy. The decor is lovely, and I wanted to take home the water glasses because they were so pretty. It was very dark, but I guess you can say that it was romantic. There were a few other patrons and even a family with small children.

I ordered a enjoyed a wonderful glass of sangria ($10), and we ordered the croque monsieur, lobster mac & cheese, sliders, and meatballs. Our server had suggested we order 3-4 selections each, but we decided to start with these four. Let me tell you, it was plenty! We were very full by the end. The croque monsieur ($9) (a grilled cheese sandwich with ham) was small, but was cut in two and we each had half. It was yummy, and I loved the mustard and little pickles. We could have easily each had our own it was so good. I thought the bowl of lobster mac & cheese ($18) was a rather large portion, and at any other restaurant I would have called that a meal for one. It was tasty, but I have to admit that I have had better elsewhere. There were only two black angus sliders with a few frites ($12). They were decent, but nothing to write home about and left me wanting more which didn't help when five tiny meatballs and a little bit of broccoli ($14) arrived. The last two items were a little bit disappointing given the price, though both were tasty and I would order them again.

We ordered two deserts-- the cheesecake with strawberries (such lovely presentation), and the affogatto (bailey's ice cream) made with liquid nitrogen tableside. I couldn't resist and both were absolutely delicious and watching our server make it was fun. We were also brought a little plate of some sort of chocolate moouse with kahlua foam (I think) with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate with chocolate syrup. What a nice touch and ending to the meal.

I thought the amount of food was perfect, but three deserts was a little indulgent and one would have been plenty following the other four items. There was a little issue with the Restaurant.com certificate (our server accidentally charged the full amount and then the reduced amount), but said the original one would be reversed. After a few days the money returned to my account. None-the-less, it was a lovely pre-anniversary meal and we will definitely return on our next trip. We are already looking forward to another croque monsieur!
Food was beyond mini and tasteless. Best thing about this vegas restaurant in the Mandalay Bay Casino Complex was that it provided plenty of laughs about the food, quality and quantity.  

Sorry, could  not recommend and will not return under any  circumstances.
Thoroughly unimpressed. Had great expectations after hitting a grand slam at Gordon Ramsey "steak" the night before but this place was below average at best.

Dining room is open to the Mandalay Bay mall and, at dinner, you are overpowered by the Bays "entertainment." 

As far as food, some excellent sounding dishes but all seemingly fell flat except for the watermelon gazpacho. We didn't even make it to the large plates after the poor performance on the small plates. Had to send back the most basic dish - Paprika Popcorn - after almost cracking a tooth and realizing at least half the kernels hasn't popped. Tasted pretty stale too ... Must have been the bottom of the previous nights batch.  The seemingly disinterested waiter took it away but didn't apologize. 

Tried Moonens the next night which was fantastic. The waiters there confirmed that Fleur was a miss.
Wow. What an amazing meal! I was very excited because of chef Hubert's  reputation (plus occasional top chef appearance), and while some yelp reviews made me a little nervous, I was very pleased with the over all meal. While portion sizes are small, they are all very shareable which is great.

For four of us, we ordered 11 dishes (two never arrived- oh well). The onion soup shooter was amazing!!!!! Also, I really enjoyed the meatballs, short ribs and chocolate soufflé! 

Oh, and start off the meal with the sangria. Definitely the best sangria I've ever had!
Great Absinthe and they show you how to smoke it right at bar. Sounds cool right? Its pretty awesome if your on a date or impressing clients. The absinthe is not strong thus, the effects you feel are similar to a regular shot.
They also have a great happy hour for after conventions. Food is good but the atmosphere is really why i go.
Hubby and I aren't much for smoky, crowded casinos so when we venture to Vegas it's for good food and the shows.

To start with, Hubert Keller is my favorite chef on TV (Top Chef Master, etc.) so my husband made plans for us to celebrate my 50th at Fleur...lucky me!!

 We had cocktails before dinner and I highly recommend the Fleurtini..yum.  For dinner we shared several small plates and weren't disappointed with any of them.  We had the Tarte Flambe, Diver Scallops, Polenta and Crispy Duck Confit.  We also shared two desserts...Vanilla Creme Brule and the Mocha Pot De Creme...delish!! 

From the service, to the food it was an experience.  We also had the tableside Absinthe and enjoyed it as well.  Our main waitress was very attentive and took time to explain the menu as well as the Absinthe as it was prepared.
On our latest trip to Las Vegas, we decided to have dinner at Hubert Keller's Fleur at the Mandalay Bay.  

They have a dining area in front of the restaurant, but we opted for seating in the restaurant.  The décor and ambiance is very modern and classy.

After checking out the menu, we decided to order several small plates, a large plate and finish off with a dessert. We ordered:

- Caesar salad with parmesan lavash, truffle and anchovy.   The truffle and pieces set this apart from an ordinary Caesar.
- Ahi tuna tacos with ponzu chantilly, Serrano, and avocado cream.  Three small tacos that were so delicious.  Could have eaten a couple more on my own.  
- "in  the shower" mac n cheese, lobster and brunoise vegetable.  Delicious with good amount of lobster mixed in.
- Black angus sliders, with caramelized onions, bacon and frites.  Two juicy sliders that were very juicy and tasty.
- Guinness braised short ribs with rainbow carrots, pommee puree and coffee foam.  This had great flavors with the Guinness and coffee foam.  The ribs were a tad dry.  
- Grand Marnier soufflé with orange crème anglaise and orange-cardamom ice cream.  Wow, this was one amazing dessert.  It was delicious down to the last drop.  Had me licking my spoon.

Service was excellent.  We were talking about the wine cellar with our waiter and he even took us on a tour of the cellar after our meal.  That was cool!

Overall, a great overall meal.  With these small plates, we were able to share all these dishes.  Heck, we even shared the short rib entrée as well.
It's not often you get to eat a $35 burger. So since I was on the company dime, figured it was time to try one. I ordered the $35 waygu burger. My two co-workers did the same, and figured we'd all dive in and try it. I had to stop one of my co-workers from requesting ketchup, since it's not the sort of thing one puts ketchup on.

All I can say though, is it was delicious. I would definitely do it again. It really was good, even the fries that come with it were delicious. And no ketchup needed. If you're looking for a great burger, this is a good stop.
The only real reason that I give this place four stars, is because it's too expensive for me to make a regular haunt. Also, it's in a casino. So, I know those things, but it doesn't make it easier to deal with. 

I love this place. It's beautiful. The bartenders are some of the most welcoming on the strip. Also: easy on the eyes. But, truthfully, they're down-to-earth, love to talk and find out about you, which can be disconcerting if you have had bar experiences elsewhere on the strip. They carry my favorite Belgian beer and it's a really comfortable place to hang out and have a drink.

The last time I was there (unlike the times before, when I sat at the bar), I sat in the seating area looking out to the entry to the casino. The set up is so comfortable, it's made for socializing, definitely. The chairs were comfy and the table was just the right size. I normally don't note things like this unless they really stick out. This did here. 

I ordered oysters and seared foie gras and service was quick and the food was high quality. I was very, very impressed. They serve tapas so you get a little bit of this and that in perfect amounts. I wish I had tried the whole menu. 

I wish I could hang out here every day because it is that inviting. The food is mouthwatering and they serve especially high end beer/liquor. I like that in a restaurant. It's what keeps me coming back anyway.

There is a restaurant associated with this, but I've only sat in the bar/lounge area so that's all I can report on, but I'm fairly sure there isn't much variation on taste and service.

Obviously, this is a place to try.
Overall disappointed with my Top Chefs Masters meal. I was expecting more - the food that we ordered was just okay.

+/- Tuna Tacos (3 small tacos with a lot of tuna)
+/- Ceviche (with no shrimp but a lot of other seafoods)
+ Croque Monsieur
+ Guinness Braised Short Rib Lasagna (not much pasta but LOTS of meat0
- Tagliatelle Carbonnara (not much flavor but it sounded great from the description - had to ask for salt and pepper)

Don't forget to pick up a discounted $50 gift card from restaurant.com!
Really wanted to give this place 5 stars, I am a huge fan of Hubery Keller and I have been waiting to go to his restaurant for what seems like forever.  Really, the food was 5+ stars, it was the service that knocked it down.  First we went on thanksgiving with a reservation and the place was pretty much empty.  Maybe 5 other tables in the whole restaurant.  So we were seated right away and about 15 minutes pass with no water or anyone coming to our table.  After walking that strip you know I was thirsty!  So I went up the the hostess and just said that we had not been served water or seen anyone yet.  She was very nice and said she would send someone over.  Right away someone came with water and told us our server would be right with us....another 15 minutes pass and we are getting ready to get up to leave.  As we are doing so our waiter came over and asked us what we wanted to drink.  He was very rude, and it seems like he was upset to have been assigned our table.  Anyway the rest of the service carried on like this, he was not friendly and just kept asking what we wanted.  But never mind that onto the food!
We started with the oysters and duck confit.  The duck confit was the star of the dinner!  THe truffle infusers were really neat!  The disk was just delicious.  The oysters were also very good, the flavors were very different with margaritta and orange but a great combination.   Next we had the lobster mac n cheese.  It was also very good, and the portion size was large.  Finally we finished with the brie and bacon flambe with apples and honey.  Great way to end the meal as it was almost like dessert!  Very tasty.  So besides the service this place was great.  The prices were reasonable and "small" plates are really not that small at all!  I would def return here!
So in reading the other reviews, I got the sense that Fleur seemed like it could be a hit or miss...

But I knew better. Honestly, Hubert Keller is a amazing. I love him. I love his food. My friends and I were going to be in Vegas. Coming from California (where cool things get banned), we wanted foie. The seared foie was so good we ordered two. The oysters were yummy. The scallops were very plump and delicious (and also came with cabbage that my friend kept claiming was "the best cabbage EVER"). Steak tartar was great. Sangria is the best sangria I've ever had. 

We could have probably passed on the mac and cheese (yummy but very heavy) and the duck confit (completely unexpected, they came in fried rolls - also very heavy). We were full but we shared the panna cotta. It was yummy as well. By the end of the meal we were stuffed, happy, and ready to take on the night. I totally recommend Fleur!
The food and drinks here were good, but expensive.
Hmmmm....i don't know what to rate this restaurant.  I  liked it, but it is damn expensive.  If fact, I came home hungry enough to eat the beef curry I made earlier.   In all fairness, I ate foie gras, which I get like never...it did go down like butter...so yes, I loved, but at $25...it does hurt a little.  I was still a bit hungry so I ordered a Nicoise salad..which really was a fishy mistake...oyy!  Trust me don't order it..dry, yet vinegary?  How can that be?  Well atleast the Champagne was good at $18/glass...yikes!

Luckily I had a restaurant.com coupon, which cut our $100 bill virtually by a third.  Not going back, too many good local restaurant to try.   Bummer, but Foie gras...Yay!
It was good in comparison to other similar dishes served elsewhere but it just didn't stand out in my memory. The forgettable dishes were the Bone-in NY steak & the Peking Duck breast... again good, nothing wrong with them, it's just easily forgettable. Decent accompaniments: marble potatoes & potato frites. Although, the foie gras was amazing. Is it wrong to want to order 2 next time all for myself?
I enjoyed the food, but it was nothing spectacular to be honest.  Everything was good, not great.  The service was just so-so.  It took a long time for someone to come to our table, and when we were not ready to order, it took even longer for the waiter to come back the second time.  I guess I expect much more when you're paying that much for dinner.  
We opted to try 5 different appetizers/tapas and as i said above, they were good, but not great.  
I was really hoping to have a particular dessert that someone told me I had to try, but it was taken off the menu the day before - figures.
With all of the great restaurants that Vegas has to offer, I would likley skip this place next time.  Unless the service gets much better and the plates become more memorable, it's just an overprice restaurant.
My girlfriend and I shared the Peking Duck, garlic fries and Fleur Burger w/ foie gras and truffle.

The Fleur Burger was amazing.  I've never had foie gras or kobe but it tasted amazing. Have never had truffles before this either but they were mushroomy, but didn't seem amazing.  Overall though the strength of the wagyu burger with foie gras on a brioche bun was amazing.

The Peking Duck was a disappointment. It was $27 or so and IMO overpriced. IT was NOT peking duck.  I guess it was under the "french" section, and not Chinese, so I don't know what I was expecting.  But it wasn't anywhere near as good as the Chinese version and overpriced.  There didn't seem to be any skin on it, and it was just boring, which at $27 for a 5oz breast or whatever seems criminal.
We came here for lunch. Our waitress got out orders wrong, never apologized for it, just explained they were really busy (even though there were empty tables around us).  My burger was pretty dry and crumbly, I'd never come back again.
The Spanish prepared chicken was some of the best  chicken I've had anywhere.  Very very good.  We also had the duck, as the reviews were good.  The duck was tasty, but the chicken was outstanding.  Also ordered the chocolate lavender cake and it was chocolate, but not overpowering, with nice soft lavender molten middle.  Chef Alex came to visit with us, as well as our waiter, Manfred from Austria.  Manfred was an ex chef from New York, but is enjoying waiting and visiting with customers--while he can golf in Las Vegas instead of be in the kitchen.  Overall, a very nice dinner in a contemporary setting.  The wines looked marvelous, but I was not able to partake this night.
Had dinner here last night. The service was great but for the price the food was just OK, nothing really blew me away. I had the Peking Duck and Garlic fries. First off the Garlic fries were incredible! I thought they were mis portioned though and Ill get into that in a second. The Peking Duck came out and I was surprised how small it was. It was probably half a breast of duck, which isn't a lot and compared to the heaping portion of fries I received I was quite baffled. The sauce the duck was in was really good. Kind of sweet and tangy and went with the duck very nicely. The duck itself was cooked uneven. The middle of the piece I got was heavenly. Cooked perfectly. Pink in the middle with great tender texture. The ends however were rubbery and though flavorful for someone who is a texture eater it was a bit hard. With Peking Duck you expect delicious duck skin but instead I got flabby and rubbery skin. I was extremely disappointed and immediately felt like my $60 dinner was a misstep. I would give Fleur another chance though it would probably be the last chance.
I was recently at a conference at Mandalay Bay and decided to stop by Fleur to grab a bite to eat for lunch. The ambiance is quite pleasant as the restaurant in right in the middle of the casino. An excellent place for people watching.

I ordered the Ceviche with guacamole and tortilla chips. It was fresh and tasteful. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I also ordered the tarte flambée onion, bacon, truffle, asparagus which is basically like a flat bread. I thought this dish was not that great but I did manage to finish it because I was hungry. Some of my friends who were with me thought their dishes were just average as well. 

The service was subpar. The waiter completely forgot to put in one of my friends order's in. Although he was apologetic, it ended up ruining her day. When she finally received her food, she had to scarf it down because she had to run to a meeting. 

Final Verdict: Average Three Star Find
I came here with a group of 30, so we were forced into a predetermined menu with only two options. That was the first mistake.

The restaurant itself is gorgeous, and the service is impeccable. Their bartender makes fantastic drinks, and the wine selection is excellent.

It was the food that bothered me:

The appetizer was a risotto with scallion, lemon and basil - the risotto was very nicely prepared, but it was nothing mind-blowing.

For the mains, we had a choice between braised short ribs with honey, coriander, glazed carrot and warm potato salad, or chicken breast with wild mushrooms and cabbage fricassee. I opted for the latter, which I regret. The chicken was dry and mostly tasteless. The wild mushroom and cabbage fricassee was actually quite tasty, but was not enough to make up for the lackluster chicken. I had a sampling of the short rib, and while nothing special, it was certainly better than the chicken.

The dessert was some form of chocolatey balls on a stick, but I don't have much of a recollection, as the evening got pretty hazy, and the dessert changed from what was originally sent to us. It was good, but again, nothing mind-blowing.

The coffee at the end was served lukewarm, and this was noticed by everyone who ordered espresso. That was entirely unacceptable, but we had to get going, and I didn't have time to replace it.

Other than the fantastic service, I can't say I was convinced of the food quality, though I'd like to check it out and order off the actual menu, rather than a two-choice cookie-cutter group menu.
Really average for the prices and my three stars are generous from a price/value perspective.
The two flatbread appetizers were very good and very small.
My $35 burger was just ok and a rip off for the price. I know burgers. Hubert Keller's other place here, Burger Bar, is a better burger for half the price.
My daughter's short ribs were good. My Dad had the same thing based on our server recommendation. My Mom had the chicken. Dry and flavorless.
Atmosphere and service were very good. That's worth the extra star. 
Much better choices in Las Vegas.
Foie gras so good, i had it twice!

On our most recent trip to Vegas, my girlfriends and I decided it would be a good idea to have an upscale dining experience in our itinerary. A friend found Fleur (because of her insane love for Hubert Keller and our dire need to have Foie Gras as its banned in Cali now) and made our reservations. 

- Seared foie gras: soo good we ordered it twice
- Steak Tartar: amazingly tender and flavorful
- Oysters: Smooth and fresh.
- Scallops: What? I was obsessed with the cabbage that came on this plate. The cabbage was to die for. (I know, who raves this much about cabbage... but it was just that good!)
- Sangria: Second to Tagine!
- Mac and Cheese: a bit on the heavy side. pass on this one.
- Duck confit: came in eggroll form. a bit on the greasy side. pass on this one too.
- Panna Cotta: yum! but, being filipino... i was more concerned with the calamansi sorbet that came with it. so good!
A group of us decided to dine at the bar vs getting a table.  The restaurant sits in an open area of the Mandalay Bay, so expect a loud environment towards the front of the place.  Being that this is Hubert Keller's spot, expect to pay for the food you get, if you're on a budget, don't bother walking in here (nor any other restaurant in a big label casino in Las Vegas).  Regardless, I went with the ahi tuna tacos and the wagyu burger.  The tacos had some issues to me as the shell was thick and I just lost everything else inside.  The slice of ahi was thicker than I had thought, which was a nice surprise.  But unfortunately the overall taco was not that great.  There was a longer gap before the entrees came out, but it didn't stop me from really enjoying the wagyu burger.  The patty itself was delicious and cooked to a perfect medium.  You can really tell a good patty apart by the consistency of the meat and Fleur hit it right on.  The potatoes on the side were a nice complement.  Not sure if I'd come back here, but it was a nice dining experience.  Prices are a tad high for what they serve, but again, it's Hubert Keller's restaurant in one of Vegas' nicer hotels.
This place is a good eatery. I have been to Las Vegas more than 30 times, so I have seen a lot. I went here for a snack with other friends. So the prices are alright for the food, in my opinion. We ordered Seared Foie Gras, Onion Soup, Oysters, and 10oz Filet Mignon. The Foie Gras was my first. Honestly, I didn't enjoy it. Now if you have had foie gras before, it is perfect because the sauce was excellent and it was made well. The onion soup had to have been the biggest surprise for me. I usually don't order soups or don't finish them, but this soup I had until the last spoonful. It was extremely good and I highly recommend it as a starter. The filet mignon was unexpected, literally. We had ordered 8oz Hanger Steaks but were charged for Filet's. That's when we found out that e had eaten Filet Mignon instead. We were charged for 1 hanger steak, 26, and 1 Filet 42. I was a bit let down on that point, but the only reason I wasn't too angry was because I was so satisfied. The Filet was sooo freaking good. It was the one of the best I have had so far, and that's big considering this place wasn't considered fancy by my standards. Overall great food, service, and a good time.
We had cocktails and small plates before a concert...  Service was very slow.  We ordered the miso salmon (dry), oysters (decent) and scallops (average).
Hubie-  Love the hair bro!  I watch your show on PBS.  Anyone with a mane like that obviously knows what they're doing...which leads me to wonder how on earth you came up the portion sizes!  Fit for a mouse?  Indeed.  For man, woman, or child there just isn't enough food on the plate.

The ahi tacos were super tasty.  $13 for three itsy bitsy teeny weeny one bite tacos, are you kidding me?  I almost laughed when they came out.   If the sliders were any smaller you'd need a microscope to find the two of them.  Yeah they were good and the fries, all ten of them, were great.  The flat iron steak was also really good, as was the gumball sized baked potato and the 0.5g portion of greens.  Finally the mozzarella flat bread was decent and grossly undersized.

We sat down at 8pm on a Saturday night.  It wasn't very busy and considering the portion sizes I can't figure out why it took so long for our food to arrive.

Assuming that I hit Megabucks next time I'm at Mandalay Bay I'll be back for sure.  In the mean time I'll be saving my $100 bills for somewhere with a little more food for my buck.
The onion soup is a must have here. Very delicious! Very nice place. The prices are good, not too scary. For those who want to eat for cheap are welcome to buffets or nearby McDonald.
Great food, good ambiance (if you get seated in the back) and a reasonable price given the sophistication of the food and the preparation. 

The staff can be a bit uppity and the wait staff in particular is hit or miss (like many restaurants) but the food is almost always outstanding. 

Everything I've eaten at Fleur was prepared well. A few times the food was not as warm as I'd like but they were busy. Lunch is a particularly good value here.
Food: excellent
Service: good
Decor: tasteful

My only complaint was the music was so loud we had to yell in order to hear each other. It really ruined the experience.
Good Food but well overprice. My dinner for two without any alcohol drinks $168 before tips. 
Only 3 stars because the service was very poor once you denied wine or alcohol drinks.
Not a restaurant for a family on a budget.
I like drinking alcohol or wine you will receive the service ever, they will make sure you a have drink on your table before is finish. That will not be the case on non-alcohol drinks.
The mini tacos horrible and we'll overprice, don't order the mini tacos that their big money maker scam.
I saw my waiter 3 times over the course of 55 minutes, 1st when took my order, 2nd time when he delivered my food and 3rd time when he delivered my bill. I was never ask if need it any refills but the other tables with wine and alcohol didn't have that problem.
Taste of the food one star here because I ordered my meat we'll done and there was plenty of red blood all over my plate.
Horrible experience for the price I paid.
This was our second experience at Fleur and unfortunately, it was also the second time we have been disappointed. We had walked by Fleur on our way to the Sunday Border Grill Brunch and decided to check out the dinner menu at Fleur. It looked intriguing so we booked for dinner that evening. 

I ordered the seared foie gras, the nicoise salad and the onion soup. My BF ordered a New York strip steak (with tarragon butter) medium-rare. I had a glass of Gamay and the BF ordered a beer.

The waiter started telling me how they are one of the few places that still serve foie gras, and that if I had never tried it, I would love it. I told him that I am from Quebec, foie gras is not difficult to find and I think there are plenty of place in Las Vegas that serve foie gras! 

We were excited. The first time we visited Fleur was two years ago for lunch and I have to say, we weren't too pleased. Service was spotty on the "patio" area and the food (tacos and other small plates) was okay, but not great. We'd avoided the place until now, but my BF, spurred by HK cooking show, was eager to return.

The seared foie gras made its appearance quickly, a very small slice of it, sitting in an enormous amount of sauce. One small bite, and I realize it's cold, not seared at all, or if it was the sauce they used so much of ruined it. My BF took a second small bite to confirm my findings and the itsy bitsy piece was gone. I told the waiter of the issue, but he said since we ate it there was nothing he could do. OK, Fine.

My nicoise salad and onion soup were delicious. I particularly enjoyed the onion soup, it was velvety and dense with flavour. The nicoise was not exactly what I was expecting, but mostly because I made the HK version several times at home and it includes potatoes. The salad was piled quite high and there was enough on the plate to sate my appetite completely.

My BF New York strip was an entirely different experience. The steak was over-cooked and tough. After the experience telling them about the foie gras, he didn't bother to alert them to the problem with the steak, so we just paid and left. We won't be coming back.
This restaurant is not quite sure what it wants to be. It seems like it's trying to be so many different things by offering several different cuisines, that none of them come off good. The menu is grouped into cuisines by country and is confusing. The waiter suggested at least 3 "small plates" or one small plus one from "butchery." The butchery selections are ridiculously expensive - $35 for a burger?? Come on now. I selected 3 small plates which was too much food. The small plate of crabcakes were dry. The beet salad I had and the caesars others had were ok. The oysters were preseneted with a smoking caraffe of dry ice - it was a cool presentation. The slow roasted salmon was so dry it was inedible. Overall, there are many other superior dining options in Las Vegas than Fleur.
A tapas-style restaurant that sits inside the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Not the best place to eat if you're STARVING and trying to conserve money. That's what the buffet inside the hotel is for. If you're looking for mouth-watering food that comes in very small portions, then Fleur is the right place for you. I wanted to eat a smaller portion of food so I wasn't bloated or uncomfortable for a night of bar/club hopping, so I settled on the 8 oz Hanger Steak with their Fingerling Potato Puree.

All I can say is: Wow. The Hanger Steak was cooked perfectly and the flavor was unlike anything I've had. But surprisingly enough, the Potato Puree stole the show. So creamy, so buttery, so perfectly seasoned. I dipped each bite of the steak in the potato puree to get both tastes in one bite. Probably the best decision I made during my entire 5-day stay in Las Vegas. The food is too good to pass up. If you're inside Fleur, make sure to order these two items and eat them together.

The decor inside Fleur is gorgeous, the ambiance is one of a kind and of course, the wait staff is 5-star. But seriously, Hubert Keller puts together one great establishment and his talent level outshines anything else inside Mandalay Bay. So happy I was able to eat here.
The food was so delicious! I was a with a large group and we ordered most of the menu. The portions were small, so I didn't get to try everything, but I found all the food to be wonderful! The tuna tacos, osso bucco, and duck confit stick out in my mind as the best dishes. I loved the sauce injection with the duck!

It's overpriced, but so is the rest of Vegas, so make sure you go after a large slot machine win.
Yum!  I was a little put off by the location.  The restaurant opens up on a busy thoroughfare of the Mandalay Bay Casino so the first feel is akin to mall dining.  But, don't be fooled!

Behind the bar and the "mall view" tables is a cozier dining room.  Excellent service, a diverse menu, beautifully balanced small plates, and a good bartender make this the perfect oasis for a light (in terms of portion size, not richness) dinner.  We shared five items and each was more delicious than the last.
Great service and decent food. However only place I have ever been in the USA where they want to charge for refills on sodas?? Crazy & a ripoff! Even the waiter was embarrassed when he told us!
Creative.  Inventive.  The perfect melange of flavors.  A modern dining experience based on sensory overload thanks to the restrained use of molecular gastronomy.  

The menu was changed in December 2012.  Sadly the stunning steak tartare with white truffle powder is gone.  What replaced it lessens the sorrow.

The crisp duck confit spring rolls with its over the top, umame "injection" of truffles and a truffle aioli, OMG!  The gaminess of the duck is brought out by the earthy truffles.  A delicious flavor that goes on and on (translated:  the fat from the confit and oil in the aioli coats your tongue in a good way).

The seared foie with hazelnut crust, excellent.  Foietastic nuttiness contrasting perfectly with the puckering verjus and the essence of grapes.  Simply put, wow.

The Kushi oyster, amazing.  Served atop liquid nitrogen and dressed with lemon juice and orange pearls.  Eat it quick.  The liquid nitrogen super chills the oyster without freezing it.  Biting into the oyster and popping the citrus caviar creates a eruption of flavors.  Think, frozen vodka shot.

The tarte flambee (crisp, wafer thin flat bread topped with onion, bacon, asparagus, crème fraiche, and truffles), and the raw ahi taco (baby taco shells filled with an avocado cream, crisp and hot Serrano chili, and a ponzu suspension) are both worthy of special mention.  

Friendly, knowledgeable servers.

Very good, well chosen, global, mid range wine list.  Most bottles under $80.  Vegas resort pricing.  For something special be sure to try the "liquid nitrogen enhancement" to their signature cocktails.  The table side show flash freezes your drink into a heady sorbet.  The first "bite" is an indescribable sensory overload.

The lesson, when in doubt, try.
I was looking forward to this meal. The reviews and the menu intrigued me. In the end, I was disappointed. Nothing was BAD (well, the cocktail I ordered was. I don't recommend the Paris Blossom). The food was mostly just mediocre. Overall the small plates/world passport theme came across more like a gimmick than anything truly great.
Fleur was my main event dinner during my last trip to Vegas.  Reason for that being that I would be eating the most indulgent and decadent dish of my trip here.....The Fleur Burger.

The Fleur Burger w/ Wagyu Beef, Seared Foie Gras, Shaved Truffles in a Brioche Bun with a side of Pomme Frites.

If you want to see what a $70 burger looks like well here you go.
http://bit.ly/WM7UJ8

As expected, this burger was ridiculously delicious.  The burger with the foie gras and truffles just melted in my mouth with every bite.  The beef was pure and the truffles gave it that decadent flavor that I'd expect from a high end burger.  I'm not going to say that it's the best burger I ever had, but it was very exquisite!

Luckily, I managed to take $25 off with my restaurant.com coupon so that helped ease the pain on my wallet.

My server was really good to me.  Always checked in on me and refilled my water when needed.  Also a huge plus to see that Chef Keller was present overlooking the kitchen that night.  Glad that he took time to step out of the kitchen to stop by at every table to meet his customers.  Really cool dude!!

I would definitely come back to Fleur once again, knowing that Chef Keller does come around from time to time and also to try all their other tapas dishes.  And also maybe for another Fleur Burger if I can land another deal for it.  5 Solid stars.
My wife and I had dinner here last night - the service was very good, the food was great - and to top it off Chef Keller stopped at our table and talked with us - and then invited us to come back and tour the kitchen.  One of the best food experiences I have ever had!!!
The food and the service were both good, not worthy of 5 stars, but good.  As in like 4 stars worth of goodness.

But when Hubert Keller stops by your table to ask how everything is and thanks you for dining at his restaurant, you have to come across with a 5 star rating.
Perhaps I ordered the wrong items?

We started with the "shabu-shabu" and what we got was a small bowl with one piece of shrimp, some veggies, and a tiny bundle of noodles. The broth was then poured into the bowl, tableside. Such false advertising to advertise this as shabu-shabu..it was more like a bowl of noodles. The flavor was bland and I truly think this dish should be taken off the menu.

My boyfriend ordered the Fleur Burger and I ordered the Short Ribs. The short ribs was a bit hard to pull apart/cut and the quality of the meat fell short of my expectations. I probably ate about half of it before throwing in the towel. I was excited to taste the Fleur Burger after hearing so many good things about it..but I just wasn't blown away.

The whole meal was so average..everything from the service to the food. My experience at Fleur has pushed Hubert Keller's other restaurants way down on my list of restaurants to try.
I'm a big fan of Hubert Keller. I really like his energy, his passion for food, and even had a great burger at his burger bar. I have to say this was a hit or miss for me. Let's start with the misses:

- I really was looking forward to the restaurant after looking at all the dishes on yelp. Turns out, they recently switched to a tapas concept. So, everything is smaller? 
-Also, turns out, the menu is divided into Italian, Spanish, Japanese, American and maybe one more country. I would think it be easier to do one cuisine really well. 
- I had a great paella before and thought, okay I'll try one dish from each region. I'll order the paella from Spain. It was a small tapas size but the entire dish was too salty.

Hits:
- the souffle was probably the most ordered dessert at the restaurant. It was delicious. The chocolate flavored dessert also comes with a beautiful scoop of pistachio ice cream. We also paired it with a two-scoop ice cream combo. We got MORE pistachio and blood orange. They both work with chocolate. 
-The seafood was delicious! From the yellowtail sashimi, the oysters over a bed of marbles and dry ice to the perfectly seared scallops. Wish they were entree sizes because I wanted more!
- the wait staff was quite attentive asking how everything was and if we wanted more of this or that
-the bread with the basic olive oil and balsamic blend was delicious. Simple is good. 

I hope they do have some entrees and mark it clearly on the menu. I'm fine with tapas but I was expecting a fuller meal before I found out about the changes. Also, there's only one unisex bathroom. It may take a while to get your foot through the door.
After dining here is has become one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  I have not been since they revised the tapas menu, but the old tapas menu was amazing, so I would give the chefs the benefit of the doubt.  Overall amazing service, good drinks, and a good time.  Would recommend.
February 2, 2013: Absolutely terrible. I hate giving low marks, especially to French restaurants.

My friend works marketing for UFC and offered us some choice seats. We arrived at the beginning during the minor fights, so we decided to have a few cocktails and a small meal. I chose Fleur because I saw they had a decent happy hour menu and lots of bar seating. 

Once we checked in, I asked the hostess if bar seating was available and she said yes. Mind you the bar was literally 2 yards away from them. Once we turned we saw there were absolutely no seats--let alone standing room. 

We wandered back to them and the hostess turned her back to go attend something instead of asking what was wrong or what we needed. We finally were sat after waiting an additional 10 minutes to be sat at one of the 10 tables that were available in the patio area. 

15 minutes later who we thought was our waiter was zooming pass us. An additional 15 minutes later---no waitress, but a nice busboy took our drink orders. 20 minutes later no drinks or waitress. I finally caved and called for the manager who apologized and used the excuse, "She is serving Absinthe right now". I rationalized that she did not start serving said Absinthe until 30 minutes after we were seated. The couple behind us had not been attended to as well. 

The waitress finally came over and gave us our drinks without saying her name or greeting us. My dirty martini was watered down. Clearly it had been left on the counter as the little ice flecks had completely melted. Again, no waitress in sight to ask for a fresh one. Eventually called the manager over because it was getting ridiculous and we hadn't even seen our food yet. He tried to reason that the martini was not watered down. After examining the glass he saw the amount of condensation was identical to that of a "dead" drink. My replacement was much better.

Now to the food...We ordered the oysters and tacos. The actual food from the appetizers combined was the size of 1 smart phone. The worst part is that the taco tasted like shelf bought tacos, while the oysters were tasteless.

The manager asked how everything was and we were upfront, but polite about the fact that it was far below par. He half apologized and gave us this annoyed look. I was so disappointed in this restaurant. Among my worst 10 dining experiences. That is saying something because one of the things on the list was going to Bertrands and finding GLASS in my drink.
I miss the old Fleur. This version seems stuck between a casual place to grab a quick bite and an almost fine dining restaurant.  It's done neither well. Menu is confusing with large and small plates mixed together.

Service was fine. Hearing music from a bar outside Fleur was not.
Was in Vegas last week, and had the opportunity to eat here twice. Once with a business team, and after that, selecting it as the spot for dinner with a colleague of mine. 

On both occasions, everything I had was amazing. They do the "small plates" things, which is great because you can try more variety. From the green beans to the pork belly flat bread - each dish stands on its own and delights the tongue.   The wine list is amazing as well. 

If you'll be in Vegas, I highly recommend adding Fleur to your dinning list.
Burger is awesome! Service is hit or miss though. But overall the food is really good
The truffled onion veloute and seared foie gras were amazing.  I could live off of the onion veloute.  The foie gras was delicate and the entire dish was perfectly balanced. 

The service was neither here nor there.  The waiter was friendly and cute with his french accent.  The hostess, on the other hand, was a complete mindless bimbo.  

We had reservations for a late dinner.  The restaurant was pretty empty and she decided to seat us near the drunken fools who were starting to become loud and belligerent.  Really?  Our waiter switched our tables without a hitch and even commented that he didn't understand why the hostess sat us at the original table.
Amazing food- each plate we shared was phenomenal and unique. The white onion soup was honestly one of the best soups I have ever had- sweet and savory, rich and light all at once. The chayote with rock shrimp was also fantastic. To top off all the great food, when they heard it was my birthday they brought out a cute happy birthday plate with 2 cake pops and fruit (complimentary). A very nice touch!
Foie Gras on everything? Yes please! The burger with foie gras was to die for. The best burger I have had in my entire life. And I'm not exaggerating. After a few days in Vegas I was about to give up on the (lack of) food quality here. Then I stumbled across this place. Pure heaven .
New Years Eve here.  Small portions, very upscale, and a different then usual menu (which was refreshing).  Amazing drinks!  The food was great!
Food was fantastic.  If I had one complaint, it would be that some of the plates come in 3's instead of 4's.  We had 4 people so when 3 sliders came.  One person sat out.  But....  Again the food was fantastic.  the foie gras was truly perfect.

Service was acceptable, kitchen was a little slow.
My advice would be to skip it.

We went to Vegas for my sister's 25th birthday and stayed at the Mandalay Bay. Initially I had made reservations at Aureole. We were looking around at menus and found the menu at Fleur to be more appetizing, so we switch at the last minute. BIG mistake.

First of all, Fleur is not a nice restaurant. It has no outer walls so people walking by/being loud can disrupt your meal. They also have this cheesy poster thing outside that made me feel like I was going to a random sushi restaurant in Brooklyn.

Second, our waiter was probably the most awkward person I've ever encountered in a restaurant. The restaurant is tapas-style and the menu is nothing like what they have online. We ordered a bunch of tapas since we had a large lunch and were still a bit stuffed. Some people in our party ordered larger tapas. We assumed they'd bring our tapas out together since well, they're tapas and meant to be shared. That was not the case. They brought out all but two dishes and we waited a really, really long time (about 30 minutes) for those two dishes. Just as we were about to cancel them, our waiter said, "Oh, they are the second course." Huh? Why the heck would two people want to eat while everyone else watched? They obviously forgot about those dishes and at the last minute brought them out.

I was about to refuse but my husband doesn't like me to make a scene.

Anyway, then when it came to the dessert portion, I expected them to bring something out for my sister since they asked me what the occasion was when I made the reservation.

But no. Our awkward waiter brings out the dessert menu, asks what everyone wants (no one wanted anything, we just wanted to get out of there) and needed to be reminded by me and another person in our party that its her birthday. Then he got defensive when we reminded him. Awesome. She eventually got the brownie lollipops.

To top it all off, there was no apology or compensation for the huge lag time between our "first and second courses". 

This place was empty every night we passed by. In a place like Vegas where fancy and delicious food is a dime a dozen, this place won't last. Do yourself a favor and don't subject yourself to awkward, slow service.
One of the best snacks I've ever had. I say snack bc I didn't get to eat a real meal but did have the grilled octopus and ricotta gnocchi which was amazing. So light and delicious - would definitely go back. Service was excellent as well and there was only a 5 minute wait. Probably one of the top three restaurants in Mandalay Bay.
Ambiance is marginal, the table we had was essentially in the casino with a little guard rail around it.  Not very good ambiance for fine dining.  Server was absolutely terrible, barely knew the menu and had no idea about wine.  There was nobody in the restaurant that knew anything about the wine.  We had planned on spending hundreds of dollars on nice wine pairings, but without a sommier there, we passed on wine all together which was very frustrating.  The server seemed like she was new and spent most of her time hanging out at the hostess stand chatting.

Luckily, the food was delicious so that made up for the bad ambiance and bad service.  i would say there are much better choices in Vegas and would never dine here again based upon this experience.
Oh where to start. How about a scenario - I had less than six hours of sleep for the past 36 hours, flying to Vegas, then head straight to a convention floor to assemble an exhibitor's booth, and computer networks, all while solving many other problems that cropped up unexpectedly. I was without a lunch, afternoon snack, or even a fruit smoothie; a frustrating evening was upon me. As I began my walk back to my hotel room for an evening of in-room dining and sleeping, I find myself Fleur restaurant. Exhausted, famished, frustrated, and not feeling dietary disciplined for the evening, I decided to help myself to some cultural exploration and have some steak.

==Enchanted Apple Cocktail==
Starting the evening right, with a drink! I selected this drink because I like to eat apples, and I thought, why not. This drink is light and sweet, and has a hint of licorice. With the salt around the rim of the glass adds the most contrasting of flavors in every sip. Try this drink! 

==Hanger Steak==
Man, talk about deliciousness! Perfectly seared, and cooked to a nice medium rare, easily cut with a fork and knife. Melt in your mouth texture. Perfectly seasoned, enjoyable by itself. The added touches of the shallot sauce and pico de gallo really add a serious amount of flavor to the steak. The shallot sauce, while discernible from the savory steak, does not overpower the steak. Both complement each other and offer a new experience. The pico de gallo also is a nice touch - for me, it seemed to cleanse my taste buds, getting ready for the next bite. 

==Sides==
I also ordered asparagus and polenta to share with my officemates - both were enjoyed with great satisfaction. Actually, that is the first time I had polenta - I think I need to start experimenting more with polenta in my personal pursuits. It was pretty tasty. 

==Service==
Service was top notch, our waiter kept our waters filled, made recommendations of tea for desserts, even told us some of the ingredients in dishes that weren't listed on the menu. Nice touch! Even told us how long it takes to prepare dessert, given certain time constraints. Our waiter was attentive and perceptive, bravo sir. 

==Conclusion==
I wouldn't mind eating here again if I was in the area, in fact, I'll make a point of it to visit this restaurant at least once the next time I'm in the Mandalay Bay. For the experience of great food, great service, and relaxing atmosphere, stop by Fleur and have a meal. 

==Note==
We came here on a Monday evening, when it was hardly busy - I doubt that I could ever walk in here again at a random interval, given all the other times I've passed here, it's always jammed packed.
Fleur was amazing dining.  My mom and I got the "Chef's Experience".  We are quasi-foodies.  We love food, love the presentation, and overall experience- but there are still some things that we just won't eat.  So, this Chef's Experience was perfect!! The Chef comes out to your table and discusses your likes, dislikes, allergies, background, travels and experiences.  The chef then creates a five-course meal around everything you just shared with him.  Each course was a surprise and of course it was decadent and delicious.   Course One- Ahi Tacos  and Shrimp Ceviche served over avocado, pico de gallo and a cucumber gazpacho.  Course Two - Onion and Truffle Soup Shooter and Crab Cake with fresh mandarin slaw.   Course Three- Lupe de Mer (Mediterranean Sea Bass with a crispy skin, served in a beurre blanc butter with artichoke hearts, tomatoes, cerrano chiles and olives)- This was the best fish dish I have EVER had in my life- it literally made my cheeks tingle. Course Four - Skirt Steak with a three dipping sauces, potato puree with truffle jus and sauteed wild mushrooms. Course Five  - Brownie Pops, brownie, chocolate mousse, coated in dark chocolate and rolled in cocoa nibs and Creme Brulee with fresh berries.   Chef Alex came out at Course Three to present and to check on experience and he came back at the end of the meal for our feedback.  We raved of course and he allowed us to take our picture with him.  He was so personable and so open to our feedback.  The whole experience was outstanding.  During the evening our server was incredibly friendly and talked with us about all of the things to do in Vegas.  The manager stopped by to check in with us and the other manager (Brad Weinstein) took a pic with his phone (my flash wasn't working) and messaged it to me immediately.  He then chatted with us for quite a while - he made us feel so familiar and welcomed.  This entire group is second to none!  Some restaurants have airs (sometimes airs they do not deserve) but the welcoming staff made this ethereal experience unforgettable.  I can not say enough how much anyone who loves food should try this!!! The cost of the dinner was roughly $100 per person.  If you want a wine pairing it would be about $60 per person.   Coffee and drinks are extra.
Amazing. Best meal I ate in Vegas during my last two trips. 

Waitstaff is down to earth and well versed in the menu. Food is outstanding...and I mean OUTSTANDING.  I had the potroast lasagna and I would be CONVINCED I died and went to heaven if my life hadn't been so painfully mundane since leaving Fleur.  

Bottom line--stop by here if you're staying in Mandalay Bay... I'm positive you won't have a bad meal!
****3.5 stars*****

We came in for lunch over the weekend and had a lovely time trying out the food and talking to the waiter. Too bad the chef wasn't in -- I would have loved to meet him too. 

Drinks: We had table-side absinthe service! With the option between the French method and Russian method (the one in which fire is involved) -- we chose to stick with the more traditional method (French). While the ice water was melting the sugar cube into the shot of absinthe -- we had a nice talk with our waiter about the different types of absinthe we've had. 

Food: We started off with a wedge salad served with pork belly and pickled red onion. I would highly recommend this appetizer! It's the perfect balance of salad:meat! For the entree, my bf had the steak (medium rare) & fries. Simple but delicious. I had the braised short rib lasagna ...which was 90% meat and 10% everything else. I would have preferred less meat but maybe others would disagree. 

Overall, a pleasant experience. I would definitely give it another go next time I'm in town.
I was so disappointed by this restaurant! With such fabulous Yelp reviews and my love for Hubert Keller, I was expecting so much more.

Maybe it's because I'm from Texas, but when my fiance ordered a pulled pork sandwich, and the pork was anything but pulled (it was cubed), we were apprehensive about what else can come. Also, the way they served the food was so counterproductive. The best thing about lunch was the fries, and they were so obviously frozen. Not that that's a bad thing, it's just I expected so much more. I guess with the direction food is going, I thought that they would be hand cut.

I got a chicken sandwich. It was pretty good, but just kept getting worse as I continued eating since the sandwich kept getting more and more soggy. 

I wouldn't come back. They need to find a new chef, or at least change the menu to fit the restaurant theme. With a name like Fleur, "Spanish" pulled pork sandwiches and boring chicken sandwiches just aren't sticking to the theme.
I came to try the praised Wagyu Burger with Foie Gras and truffle. I was really hoping to be blown away, even just a little breeze, nothing. I even made a point to eat slowly so I could savor everything. 

I could barely even taste the truffle, might as well have been any other minced up mushroom. This was my first time having foie gras and I still feel I didn't get the best piece, it was mostly just fat tasting (like chicken fat or any other meat fat) and there was one tiny bite where I could taste a hint of liver flavor which was good. 

The meat patty itself literally tasted like average beef that anyone could cook up at home, not wagyu, not black angus, not anything. I truly felt insulted and I almost complained about it if I hadn't had a coupon to save a bit (which I purposely showed at the END of the meal so they had no way of knowing I had one earlier to maybe skimp on quality). Overall NOT worth $70 for this burger, not worth even half that much. My boyfriend had a hanger steak which I tasted and his was good quality as expected, the garlic fries that came with it were some of the best I've ever had though, that's what saved this place from 1 star.

One thing that also bugged me a bit was that the average drink glasses were the smallest I've ever seen, it was literally for a child, all I had was soda and had to wait to get multiple refills because of the tiny size. Hubert Keller, get some actual wagyu or better quality beef because people can taste the difference. No compliments to the chef.
I was going to try Chef Keller's restaurant when it was Fleur de Lys, but I never got there.  Finally, I went to the new concept, Fleur, a small plate menu that is quite creative.

I'll mention my server right in the beginning.  Kathleen was perfect.  She helped explain the dishes when I had questions, she recommended certain dishes as potential tries, but she wasn't in the business of pushing more plates.  She was great!  After telling me most people order three, she suggested I try two and see how much that filled me up and decide then.

For starters, I ordered the white onion soup velouté and the tarte flambée.  The onion soup was excellent.  It was very good and the velouté gave it a different taste but there was still the flavor of onion coming through nicely.  The I got the tarte flambée.  It's a flatbread with bacon, asparagus, truffle, crème fraiche, and and onion.  This, too, was a tasty small plate and quite a different take on standard flatbreads.

I wasn't full yet, so I stayed in France--the menu is divided into different countries--and I got the seared foie gras with braised beef cheek and shallot jus.  This was outstanding.  The foie gras was excellent.  I've only had one other foie gras that would hands down beat this one.

I still had a little room, so I just had to order dessert.  The menu lists exotic panna cotta.  This was a small glass jar with a layer of pineapple panna cotta on the bottom and then a layer of coconut.   On top was some fresh fruit, some coconut and some crisps that gave the dessert a wonderful texture.

This was a very pleasant dining experience.  It's amazing how quickly small plates can add up when you get your bill.

The only thing I'd change about the place was the music.  What it was, I have no idea.  It was really bad.  Since I was dining alone, perhaps I heard it more than if I were there with someone and talked through it.  In any case, it's not good.
This is a must visit when I'm in Vegas.  We make reservations, but on a weekday, you can usually get in for dinner without one.  Everything is awesome here, you cannot go wrong.  There are small plates from several countries so there's something for everyone.  This place is not cheap, and you won't get full off one dish BUT it's totally worth it!!  We get several small plates for the meal.  They have "entree" dishes too, but still get a small plate.  The smoked scallops seem to be a big hit, served in a dome.  Braised short ribs rock, meatballs, polenta - it's all good.  Kat is the nicest, informative server ever, we always request her.  Drinks are really good here too, blood orange drink has a cayenne kick!  Can't wait to go back.
I wasn't impressed, 2.5 stars.

I went to Fleur during a tradeshow, and of course it was packed. Thankfully, there was seating at the bar, so I decided to eat there.

I ordered a Ginger Ale and their specialty recommended Lamb Burger with fries.

After finishing the Ginger Ale, the bartender notified me that refills cost the full amount. I'm sorry, you said what? The glass was literally a 4 ounce after ice was filled to the top and you expect me to pay $4.50 for another soda? No thanks, water it is.

The main course was good, but nothing that really made my taste buds excited. The burger was a little overcooked for a Medium Rare, and the fries were obviously frozen  (note: I've had these exact same fries at none other than TASTY GARDEN IN SAN GABRIEL VALLEY). When I saw them I was shocked. I expect it out of a HK style diner, not from a 4 star vegas restaurant with a renown chef like Keller himself.

I decided to give my try at the desert and had the Pineapple Panna Cotta. The textures were just right, and the smooth creaminess of the Panna Cotta really showed. It was an excellent overall dessert but unfortunately dampened by the poor meal overall.

Considering my bill was over $50 for just these three items, I highly doubt I'd ever come back here again, but it was worth trying.
All the food here was good. I guess I was expecting more, though, from a restaurant by such a well known chef. It was a bit overpriced...even charged us $10 for a small bottle of water. It was a relaxing atmosphere despite the fact it opened up to the main area of Mandalay Bay.
I got a comp for a 5-course dinner experience for two with a personalized menu at Fleur, so I was SUPER excited to come here on our most recent Vegas trip.

However, for such an extravagant dinner, I left with a couple disappointments:

Disappointment #1:
By "personalized menu", all it really means is that the chef comes to your table before you order and asks if you have any food allergies or distastes.  I said that I didn't like exotic meats such as lamb or deer, and the chef said it wasn't a problem since they don't have those meats in the kitchen anyway.  As a fine dining restaurant, I'd expect them to have a fancier selection.

Disappointment #2: 
Because you don't really get to choose your food, I ended up getting items that I probably wouldn't have ordered normally...aka foods that didn't tickle my fancy.  This included bland, boiled kale and veggies in a liquid soup which got soggy after sitting a while, a HUGE bowl of weird mushrooms that had a funny smell and taste, and a salad with an almost poached, almost raw egg on it.  I probably only ate a few pieces of each, and felt bad wasting the rest :(.  Also, because I didn't know what was coming out next, my stomach wasn't prepared.  I was pretty much full after course #3.

My meal:

Course 0.5: Raw oyster in a ponzu sauce under a bed of dry ice
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q
Refreshing, delicious, and extra presentation points for keeping it on the dry ice!

Course 1: Potato soup, Asian slaw, crab cake
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#qcCyMQR7R2nrb58NFsljeg
Probably my favorite course.  The potato soup was SO rich and creamy and was made with a touch of truffle oil.  The slaw wasn't anything special, but a good refreshing counter to its adjacent rich foods.  The crab cake was also awesome: crispy on the outside, soft and flaky on the inside, with tons of REAL crab meat.  I could have had another couple plates of just the soup and crab cake for the meal and would be so happy!

Course 2: Spinach salad with poached(?) egg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#3kO-o6Wh-VqFsD27b-Fcsw
The spinach and its dressing was actually very good with a light, sweet, creamy dressing that didn't overpower the hearty greens.  However, I absolutely despise runny egg yolks, so I had to make sure I didn't pop the egg while eating my greens.  When I was almost done with the salad, it broke on its own and I was done with the dish right then.

Course 3: Surf and turf: salmon and steak
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#w9BBWD7c8mABIw_fKFQE0A
Predictable flavors, but still good.  Both the salmon and the steak were very tender and moist.  My only complaint here was there was no starch to pair it with!  I ended up ordering a loaf of bread, since they apparently don't sell rice.

Course 4: Braised beef with espresso foam, side mushrooms and boiled kale/veggies
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#HBd3RqXWlXF4ipHeEmbJ4w
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#VOytnJ-DKBLtAnOk38JACw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#oNaHfByaNlevg5X0ANoRWA
This was the "weird mushrooms" and "bland boiled kale/veggies" that I mentioned above.  I was pretty much full after course #3, so I couldn't really enjoy this dish to its fullest, but the braised beef was one of my favorite things of the night!  Sooo tender, flavorful, and the espresso foam gave it that extra somethin' somethin'!  It sat on a bed of mashed potatoes (FINALLY!!!! STARCH!!!!).  Even though I was full, I ate most of the beef and potatoes...

Course 5: Chocolate cream puffs and pineapple/cream parfait
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#WCpWBn9nyeCThEWB34B9Hw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fleur-by-hubert-keller-las-vegas-2?select=4HutLYpRMjzohTNZoi9M2Q#zUTa5KNekhL0lU_s92EugA
So by now, I was over and beyond STUFFED.  Not really much of a dessert person, I let myself relish one chocolate cream puff, which was actually pretty good.  The chocolate was rich and decadent, poured over the puff dough, and between the two puff halves was vanilla bean gelato!  Yum!

I must admit, it was a very tasty meal.  Some items were not ones I would order again, but that's how it is with a surprise menu I suppose.  I think I enjoyed the meal a lot more because I got it for free, but I don't think I would pay the actual value to eat here again.
Came here because the name of Hubert Keller; but we were a little disappointed.

We came here around 6:30pm on a weekday and there were only a few other tables; as we arrived with reservation, the hostess wasn't too friendly. We sat down and saw a few servers talking to each others for a while before one of them came to us and offer to take orders. To us, service is a huge thing; hence, we were already not so happy for the visit.

After ordering some of their specialties, we were surprised how salty the steak was. I did love their seared foie gras though, but the size was extremely small an not the freshest one that we've tried (God, I miss Paris! haha). Oh, their oyster was pretty decent, but not the best. 

Overall, I would say that they are just average; for the high price, I believe customers deserve better service and food.
3.5 stars We ordered 9 courses and enjoyed them all. The shortrib was amazing as was the soufflé. Best polenta we ever tasted. The rest were good but not perfection. We thought the atmosphere was lacking for the price. Also the website said jacket suggested and there were people in shorts at 9:00pm on a Saturday night.
I've passed by Fleur so many times, not because it's to be overlooked but because I've eaten at Keller's SF location and can't imagine what more I could expect.

I'm short on time, meeting up to go to the Pitbull concert and dehydrated, hung over (potentially still drunk), and hungry.  So about a half hour permits me to try a quick bite to eat and get a nice glass of champagne to do with it (no wonder I'm still drunk).  Fleur is open, and the lounge/bar setting is far more than I need.  Quite frankly all Michelin star chefs should offer meals in lounge/bar settings.  

I only try and can comment on two items; the diver scallops and kushi oysters.  Yes, the scallops are seared perfectly, except one which looks like it was cut for a temperature test, and give me that wonderful ocean fishy taste attributable to the bonito sauce.  The oysters are ridiculous.  The freshest kusshi placed underneath a great lemon/orange sorbet/ice mixture that gives such a different perspective, it's ridiculous.

Two plates, one drink, a great atmosphere to people watch including all the hot girls walking by.
Exactly the same experience as @sammy C! I went on a weekday, it was slow, more than enough servers and bussers but I felt neglected. For the amount of money people are paying to eat there, I think the people deserve better service (and food). I even had to pour my own Fiji water in my cup. I ordered food to go, he gave me a small bag and I asked him for something bigger because it didn't fit in the bag. They have me a freaking huge clear trash bag lol. I said go next door, ask for one maybe. (mind you it is super slow and the next closest restaurant was like 10 steps away)! The waiter gave me attitude, couldn't even pack my lunch and couldn't be happier for us to leave! I don't know if he knows this but he's in a customer service industry! I used to be a server, i barely bugged them the whole time i ate there. unappreciative. Wolf gang puck next door, wayyyyyy better and worth the Vegas experience. I ordered basically every other item on the menu. Burgers were dried, my hot dog pretzel bun was HARD. Presentation was pretty but it doesn't make up for the bad service. It gives everyone a bad taste I their mouth!
Service - 2:  I came here with a couple of friends right when the restaurant was opening up for lunch and there was only one server available.  It took almost half an hour for the waiter to take our order and then another 45 minutes to receive our food.

Food - 3:  Food was average - ordered the Angus Burger with chipotle aioli (the burgers come plain - cheese, dressing, and extras are considered additional toppings).  Personally, I'd much rather have a burger from In-n-Out.

*The Ahi Tuna Tacos were delicious, but way too small (like two bites small).
Awful service sliders were burnt ordered medium, tacos are the size of tic tacs and my main meal of short ribs were dry and not good. Server came back twice throughout entire meal . No bar drink refills , no ordering more from menu. And the bill was extremely high. Have had way better food .
Horrible service.  We went here after the opening party of Michael Jackson's show of Cirque.  Out of two bottles of wine we ordered.  Service took FOREVER!  Won't go back here
4-stars for having small plates. If you have a big apetite this is not the right place for you. You can order more if you want but it will definitely cost you $$$$. 

Food
1.25 for each person if you want to have bread. 

Beet Salad --- not impressed. Few tiny slices of beets and some greens. Perfect for model-like diets. 

Burrata --- 5 slices if baguette with tomatoes and capers. It was ok.

Short Ribs --- really good. 1 piece of short rib probably 2x2 in size. I wanted more because it wad so good. Very tender. The beef melts in your mouth. 

Foie Gras ; Duck ; Salmon; Cocktails are all good. Overall it was a great experience. Good food. A little bit dark inside. Wish it was a little bit brighter.  Prefer to eat at the outside table.  Most likely to come back and try more dishes since in a huge fan of chef Keller :)
Everything on the menu is good! Try roast pork belly!!! Well worth the price.
Came here tonight with a few co-workers and I must say that every dish that came out was amazing. They brought out this BBQ octopus and I have never ate octopus before it taste like chicken. The flat bread was good, the chicken was amazing. The service was amazing. Thank you Fleur for the amazing food.
Was very disapointed. 1st don't drink your little soda fast its not free refills and for two a total of 8oz each you'll pay $9. My hubby ordered the pork flat bread and all the little cubed pices of meat were entirely fat. Not a sliver of pork just fat. We notified the waitress but she said she would tell the cheif.  Came back a few minutes later and asked if we would want something else. Hubby said no but it was unclear if we would have the dish he didn't like removed or if we would just end up paying for both if he had ordered something else.  I ordered the ceaser salad. It was bland for something that had truffle oil and anchovy. I also ordered the salt and pepper shrimp. Although pretty it was very counter productive to have to remove the head and shells to eat them.  All the good seasoning was on the shells which just left a cooked tasteless shrimp sided with a spciy cold cocktail sauce. We did order the chocolate souffle which had a side of raspberry sauce and pastchio ice cream.  The souffle was good but the pastchio ice cream was amazing! We are locals but with all the other restaurants we can choose from for amazing food this one we will not be choosing to return too.
My second time eating here. HUGE fan of every food!! First time was with a date, she loved everything about it. Came back the second time with my coworkers, and wow the service was amazing. Every food that came out had a different feel of parties in my mouth. That BBQ pizza is crackin!!!! Gotta give a shout to my favorite dish.. The octopus, It had a chicken taste to it. I highly recommend that and that deserves 9000 stars. Lol. 

Great service. Arrival for the food was average. Environment was comforting. Bravo.
Holy Moly, this place is definitely one of my new favorites & I'm already looking forward to my next visit. I dined here with some colleagues of mine & boy were we given the royal treatment. I'm talking dish after dish after dish of nothing but amazingly prepared food that was so tender I dropped my phone (inside joke). Raised pork belly to Octopus to meatballs to flat bread pizzas oh, too much to list. Needless to say this ranks in my top 10 dinners ever. Thank you so much to Managers Brad, Aaron & especially Chef Lupe who really amazed with the meals. Looking forward to coming back & telling all my friends/family to visit here if ever at Mandalay bay
We had dinner at Fleur last night for my bachelorette party of 10 girls. From the minute we arrived, everything was impeccable. The service was awesome and everyone was super attentive. We all had the Michael Jackson menu and everyone enjoyed their meal so much. The tuna tacos are delicious and the steak was cooked perfectly. I love it when steak is served with salsa. When the dessert came out they gave me an extra dessert of chocolate cake pops with "congratulations" written on the plate. Very nice touch. One of the waiters also bought me a patron shot (my fav!) - he was so cute! 

Everyone was so wonderful, I'm so glad my girls made reservations here before going to Light. 

I would definitely come back!
Went for a lunch around 1:30-it was still busy but we only had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Then we waited another 10 minutes before we saw our waiter (Tyler) and received some water. We both ordered the wagyu burgers-medium well. One was cooked well but not exactly piping hot-it had clearly been sitting out. The other burger was more rare and was sent back. Neither had the caramelized onions we ordered. Once the order was fixed it was fine but the service was definitely not up to par. Not really worth your time or money!
AMAZING! Best pork belly Ive had in a long time. And the BBQ octopus was definitely one for the books. Highly recommend checking this spot out if you're in vegas!
I love this place! Great service!! Good food and especially the epic Absinthe shots by Jason (my favorite bartender) he knows exactly how to make the absinthe shot for us the right way!! Awesome guy and the management team and all the servers there are also awesome!! Been going back every other weekends since I've moved here to Vegas! :)
It's been awhile since I've been here, but I do remember that the cocktails were phenomenal as were the ahi tuna tacos.  The atmosphere in the rear is nice, so ask to be seated back there and away from the look-e-lous tromping through the casino.
If you are actually hungry skip this place and head over to Hubert's Burger Bar restaurant instead.

The food was tasty but bite sized and the price is very high for what you are getting....throw in the fact they charge you for refills on soda and bread and I will say...pass. Too many choices of great restaurants to settle for this...

OVERRATED.
Can I just start with "We love Tapas" - 
Ok now that's out of the way. 
I've eaten at Fleur for a business dinner but my constant companion has not. As a local it is always a treat for us to actually go to a strip casino on a Saturday night. But the MPI-WEC trade show was there and I wanted to bask in their ambiance so off to Mandalay Bay we went. 
Fleur is in the perfect location for people watching. We had made a reservation for 630pm but got there early and was very happy to be seated. 
Round 1:
Cocktails: We started with Blood Orange Margarita & the Enchanted Apple. NOTE: they have an ipad to speed though the ordering process but if you want something not on their menu (we are bloody mary folks) you have to order the old fashioned way. 
We had the bone marrow & the sliders to start. 
Round 2:
2 Bloody Marys
Pork Belly Fried rice
Tarte Flambe
Round 3:
2 more Bloody Marys
& we split a Fleur burger. 
Round 4:
Vanilla Creme Brule
Chocolate cake pops

The Cockails. Love the blood orange Margarita..not so much the Enchanted apple. They were nice enough to take it off the bill. so KUDOS. Bloody mary's were good but they don't carry any of the infused vodkas so we didn't have the spice factor. 

The Food: All plates were ample for 2 or 3 to share. the marrow was great and even better when mixed with the fried rice. We could have had 2 orders of the sliders they were so good. Flatbread was decent and pretty big so it was well shared. 

Dessert: Cake pops? divine. Vanilla Creme Brule: fail. Never had a hot creme brule. Always cold with a quick sugar encrusted top. 

Fat Friendly: YES! great comfortable chairs for those of us with ample backsides. 
Noise level: they have 2 sections. 1 in the back which is beautifully appointed and spacious and not noisy at all. Front which is in the "restaurant row" area is lively and I'm pretty sure later in the evening is much noisier but it is great for people watching. 

Price: Party of 3: 6 cocktails. 4 rounds of food: Bill $160.00 which is just over 50.00 pp. Really not a bad price for a decent night out on the strip. 

Normally you really do need reservations.
Service was excellent but the restaurant was standard.

We made reservations for 7:30PM on a Wednesday night. I knew it wouldn't be that crowded during that date but it is summer so I expected it to have more diners than the few I saw..

Food is pricey and only standard. Good but nothing wowed me. We had the Michael Jackson prefix. 
- Mini Tacos were decent - really cute
- Salad was normal
- Skirt steak was the best out of the whole meal - super juicy
- Salmon was normal - nothing special
- The recommended squash as a side dish was normal - no special flavor
- Chocolate cake pops were super chocolatey - good but still just a cake pop
- Creme brulee was good but nothing special

Overall, I felt that for what we paid, I expected more flavor. 

Decor was nice and they had really cute cups for water.
I had the duck confit and their truffle onion soup. The onion soup was very tasty but it has one of those rich flavors that you can't have too much of. The duck confit was surprisingly very good and the meat was tender. Service was excellent as well. One of our friends had a birthday, and our server brought out our desserts with a candle for the birthday boy.
Ever since the foie gras band in Cali, we have had to come to Las Vegas for my husband to get his fix.  We ordered the seared foie gras, pork belly fried rice, oysters on the half shelf, Mozzarella flat bread, garlic fries, Mexican squash. They are all great - the pork belly was slightly on the sweet side.  Loved the squash because it had a spicy kick.  I also loved the interior design.  It reminded me of the National Museum of American Indian and made me think that only in Las Vegas could you have such an elaborate interior design for a restaurant.
Nice ambience and decor, excellent service.  The sea bass was delish, the halibut was cooked to perfection and the mushroom risotto was excellent.
ive eaten here twice & was more than satisfied both times! service is great, food is amazing, & the setting is beautiful! the oysters are delicious, tuna tacos are a must, & the pork is so tender it melts in your mouth!

the dishes they have are so creative & different that you cannot get fine dining anywhere like it! everything is cooked to perfection & not only are the special dishes amazing but even sliders & fries are the best on the strip!

fluer is a great place for a dinner date, family get together, or even if you just want a great meal!

i would definitely recommend this place to anyone that loves great quality food! 5 stars!
This is a cool place but overall didnt live up to the expectations. I had heard great things about it from my friends and other people so I went in thinking it was gonna be amazing. I went with a very large group so we had a fixed menu. They brought out a bunch of dishes and it was a good assortment. The dishes and items were very small even for tapas. They were all ok but nothing was great that I would tell anybody about. The flatbread was ok, the sliders were cooked nicely but the bun was too big and hard for them. The spicy meatballs were good probley the best thing, but again small. The spicy rice with pork belly was also good but I have definatly had better. The service was very good and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will probley give them a second try without a fixed menu but will not be recommending it to anyone as an amazing place.
Horrible!!!   Don't bother
One of the best restaurants I have been too! Atmosphere was really nice and it would be a perfect place to bring a date. The food is stunning and I could not stop eating. Enough food to perfectly feel full but not way too stuffed. Each portion was perfect and top notch. Highly recommend.
I became acquainted with Hubert through Top Chef (love the show!). I realized he has a restaurant in LV a few years ago, but wasn't able to dine there...so I made it a mission to dine there this time!

As usual...I made reservations through OpenTable. I arrived with my party 15 minutes early. They had us wait for our reservation time. I thought that was strange... I never ran into a situation where a restaurant would not seat you early. Once we were seated...I looked around and saw the dinning are was pretty much empty. So my question is.....why did I have to wait 15 minutes??

The menu is tapas style. It's similar to the way the Asian culture eats, but portions are a lot smaller...and more expensive. My expectations were very high. We ordered the special which included a 3 course meal and 4 tapas.

For the 3 course--fish tacos, filet mignon, and creme brulee.
For the 4 tapas--foie gras, corn soup, scallops, and octopus.

The most memorable were the foie, corn, scallops, and creme. In the foie, you could taste the love and attention put on the plate. From the sauce to the sorbet...it was something I have never had before. The corn soup was the equivalent to the lobster bisque at Capital Grille. Creamy and light, but you definitely have to share if you want to try other things! The scallops came with a bowl of smoke covering it. You could taste the smoke and sweetness of the scallop. There was also tomato water...smells like tomato, but doesn't really have a taste. The creme brulee was hands down the best I have had so far. Smooth and light. I did not feel guilty afterwards!

The low of the meal was the octopus. It was tender, but really salty and the sauce reminded me of jarred pasta sauce. (Sorry! But it's the truth...) I wish I ordered the shrimp dish instead.

Service was great. Food was spectacular. I think they need to dust out the place because halfway through dinner, my allergies kicked up. I wish there was more light (just my personal preference). The hostess confused me a bit with the 15 minute wait...again, I have never been told to wait when I arrive early to a reservation...especially when there is clearly room in the restaurant.

I would give it a 3 if I was in a bad mood. I look forward to dinning there again. Maybe I'll sit outside and people watch next time, haha.
Luckily, we got $50 off when spending $100 via a restaurant.com gift cert!  DEF invest in that if there's any available...I know my friend bought hers years ago but it still worked!

The bread was really good...even though you pay for one piece of bread (each).  I got the filet mignon but it was just ok...maybe it's because I prefer medium well but got medium for the group?  The fried mac 'n cheese was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary...the burger was alright as well....nothing really stood out.

I wished the decor was more fancy and loud like it is in other fancy restaurants.  My friend and I also got a free dessert since we said it was our bdays, so yay to that!  Server was really friendly as well.
Came here before goin to Lights in Mandalay Bay and utilized a $50 Restaurants.com gift certificale (Totally Worth it, because if we had to pay full price, this review would be a lot lower)

That being said, the food was fine, nothing really blew us a way. We tried the Burger, Fried Trufffle Mac and Cheese, the Filet Mignon and Foie Gras. All were standard and not really worth much hype.

We even got a free dessert which was nice, it was a chocolate pudding thing with passion fruit on top but the thing was, the passion fruit on top was DISGUSTING. Who thought it was a good idea to pair those two because it was TERRIBLE. They should just QUIT AND GO HOME. Because it was TERRIBLE.

That being said, the bread was good even though it cost AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE AND..BTW...TAKES 30-40 MINUTES TO COME OUT. We got the bread after we got our food. Who does that?

In any case, will probably not revisit. TOTALLY NOT WORTH THE HYPE.
Having been to Fleur de Lys in California, I was quite anxious to try Fleur in Vegas.  I say that most of the food and service was good but the most unique and memorable item was the Kobe beef foie gras truffle hamburger.  I have a handful of unforgettable items that I have eaten and this is one of them.  However, it was quite expensive and if we didn't have a gift certificate we probably wouldn't have ordered it.
Came back few weeks ago.  Funny how we got the same table as last time along with Victoria, the same waitress as last time.  Although we came on a busy day without a reservation, we still got a seat after 10 minutes of wait.  

We ordered...
Blood Orange Margarita - Delish!
Cilantro Mojito - My new drink!!!
Grilled Asparagus - Perfect!
Garlic Fries - Delish!
Sea Bass Veracruz - fresh, perfectly spiced and tender
Corn Soup - Perfection!
Caesar's Salad with the most beautiful anchovies that made the salad perfect!

Everything we ate was incredible!  Sad part was that we over ordered and couldn't take the left overs with us since we were going to a show after dinner.

This will be a Vegas regular for me :-)
The past month all I was dreaming about was having a delicious burger and some foie. Since its banned in California, I thought Fleur by Huber Keller would be the best selection. This all stemmed from seeing Hubert Keller on Bizarre Foods making one and it's looked so juicy and delicious!! 

Unfortunately mine didn't look so great. Underneath all the sliced truffles was a hidden piece of foie gras, the total opposite of what I've seen advertised around portraying the famous Fleur burger. I Somewhat felt cheated. Was it worth $70? I'd strongly have to say no. But  hey, it's Vegas, we came to gamble!

On the other hand, my wife's potato crusted flounder was great and unique. 

We also had the prosciutto flatbread and that, in my opinion, wasn't up to Hubert Keller's standards. 

Service exceeded our expectations and the server was quite helpful in picking out a wine to compliment our meal.
Ehh I'm kinda disappointed.

I came to the Mandalay Bay which to be honest, I rarely come because I actually had tickets to the MJ One show. After yelping some places to eat around Mandalay Bay, I was super excited to find out that there were two joints opened by HUBERT KELLER!!

I'm a huge fan of Hubert Keller especially after his debut on Top Chef Masters. I was really rooting for him the first season to win! I also have always wanted to eat at his restaurant in SF at Fleur des Lys so when I found out he had Fleur in Mandalay Bay, I quickly made a RSVP before the show.

The restaurant was quite empty when we arrived, given that my RSVP was at 5:30 bc we had the 7:00 tickets to the MJ show, and we got sat down inside very quickly. It was super dark inside that we had to request moving to different tables bc it was too dark for some people to read the menu. Our waiter was nice, attentive, good at recommendations and any questions we had.

Half ordered the MJ prix fixe menu while half ordered a bunch of little dishes to share. Some things ordered was the shrimp ceviche, ahi tacos, beef sliders, skirt steak, Caesar salad, corn soup, and Fleur burger. 

Everything tasted pretty mediocre. I was slightly disappointed especially since I had high expectations of this place and also that I had told my party that dinner would be good. Majority of my party was not satisfied with their meal and was highly disappointed as well. The sliders were okay. Good meat patties but kinda dry and needed some sort of sauce to it to counteract the dryness. The shrimp ceviche should really NOT be called ceviche. Normally, a ceviche is cooked in the juices of some sort of citrus juice like lemon or lime but this "ceviche" was basically drowned in a cold cucumber soup. The cucumber dressing was really bland and had no flavor to it and the accompaniments was really minimal. Couldn't find a single tomato or avocado in that small dish. The ahi tacos were good. Good slab of tuna but could have used more sauce in the tiny tiny taco. Salad was mediocre and corn was okay. Nothing too spectacular just ok. We ended the night with some brownie pops which again, kinda misleading. I was expecting kind of like a brownie cake pop but it's more like a chocolate truffle on a stick with some caramel. It was way too sweet even for a sweet tooth lover like me.

Overall, my dinner was fine. But for a highly rated restaurant, I was expecting more especially one that's owned by Hubert Keller. I think I made the mistake of eating at Fleur instead of going to Burger Bar. Maybe next time I'll go back to Mandalay Bay and have better luck at his burger joint instead.
So, it seems Fleur changed their menu quite a bit.  Some items I liked are no longer on the menu: In the Shower Mac n Cheese, Croque Monsieur and Almond Panna Cotta.  That's ok though, they have similar items.  Hubert Keller always serves perfection on a plate!

Roasted Bone Marrow:
Onion jam, marrow butter, bacon and pain rustic. You just can't go wrong with bone marrow...add bacon to that. Oh c'mon!  Worth clogging your arteries for. 5/5

Fried Truffle Mac n Cheese:
Truffle bechamel, ham and peas.  There's only a few places in town that has good fried mac n cheese - Fleur is one of them. 5/5

Fleur Burger:
Wagyu beef, brioche comes with pomme frites.  Add Foie Gras and Black Truffles. It's the same as Hubert Keller's (other restaurant) Burger Bar's Rossini burger. Best burger you'll ever eat! Glad they didn't take this off the menu. 5/5

Pot de Creme:
Mocha or chocolate. Just coat your tongue with a spoonful of creamy chocolate-y goodness. Trust the French to make good desserts! 5/5

Inside the restaurant, seems dark and more intimate.  The service was superb the times I've been here.
The first thing I ever had here was the onion soup velouté. The second thing was the same as the first. It was so nice, I had it twice.
The next time I ate here, it happened again.
I think I have a problem, but I do not want help.
Just more soup please.
The next time I came here they TOOK THE SOUP OFF THE MENU.
So I cried.
I'm not even lying.
The next visit to fleur, my onion soup was mysteriously BACK ON THE MENU.
apparently, I was not the only one who cried.
NOW
There is a NEW SOUP. 
Mexican street corn soup.
It is indescribable. 
If someone spilled a bowl of this soup on the floor of a New York City subway, I would lick it off the floor.
It wouldn't even have to be the last bowl on earth. Like, if we were together in the subway, and it was you who dropped your soup on the floor and I was still holding mine safe and sound, yes, I would still eat yours off the floor.
I don't think that I could pay it a higher compliment.
P.s.
The staff is very nice.
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ONLY

Happy hour at Fleur includes some discounted wine, beer, spirits, and small plates. Nothing too exciting. The happy hour merlot is perfectly drinkable. We ordered the BBQ flat bread and ahi tuna tacos - neither of which stood out. I was disappointed with the flat bread's dough: an odd texture, tasteless, and and greasy. The tacos were fine, but a little plain and unimaginative. The decor of Fleur is modern and bland. The two bartenders were attentive and pleasant.
Not worth the money, horrible in every way especially the value.. I really expected more from a Hubert Keller restaurant, but maybe I caught them on a bad day..
Wow what a disappointment... We stooped in for some lunch and my wife ordered the meatball sandwich and I grabbed a burger and her mother had the chicken entree, first off the burger was dry and i didn't enjoy anything about it, very over priced for mediocre food to say the least, my wife's meatball sandwich was spicy and that wasn't ever in the description, my mother in laws chicken was dry and the bed of whatever it was severed on was just weird, bad food for outrageous prices.
I didn't care for our server either, she was very snooty...
Great service. Fair food.

Arugula Salad- good

Mexican Corn Soup- Fair/ too sweet

Shrimp Etouffee- barely fair. Expected fresher shrimp + livelier flavors/ .Got neither.

Heirloom Tomato Capeise- Tomato quality about on par with the heirlooms I get at Trader Joes. Tasty enuff, but NOT impressed...

BBQ Ribs- OK

Truffle Oil Mac and Cheese- was fried wrapped in a crust..    edible, but basically ...FAIL

Garlic Fries- OK. Needed more garlic.

Bottom line? I dunno--  Fair does not merit a re-visit. We were looking for the BEST food in Vegas. In this regard, we did not come close, alas
Nice ambiance, had them make a special salmon salad for me and Ancho Tuna Appetizer,  was delicious! Comes with chips. The three tuna tacos was cute because it was so mini. The Ancho tuna had tomato, avocado, and fresh tuna. The tuna is similar to the stack poke at Yardhouse and both delicious!!
Service and drinks where phenomenal but the food left me wanting more. Not all bad but expected more. Nothing a 100% memorable good or bad and thats the hardest part to swallow. Hopefully my next visit the food meets the standard shown in the service. I gave 4 stars because the service was just that good.
Went there for lunch and was disappoint to hear that they discontinued the Mac and Cheese and that they wouldn't be able to serve us foie gras from the dinner menu :( The service was good but not exceptional. Still needed to flag down the waitress a few times to get refills on out drinks. The Onion Soup was the best thing!
The food was pretty good, the service was very good, the ambience was good being inside of The Mandalay Bay and a great place for people watching. It's pricey. The pork sandwich I had was a little too wet but did taste good. The burgers that my sons had were pretty good. Wife's sandwich (not memorable) was pretty good too. Fries were excellent though. It's a toss up about whether it was worth the price. But here's the thing that makes it a 3 star rather than higher: Soft drink refills are not free. If Fleur is going to charge me 4.50 for a coke without free refills, then it had better be in a gigantic glass. Instead, it's a small tumbler mostly of ice. It is one of my biggest pet peeves that someone charges me a lot of money for a soft drink and doesn't offer free refills. It's irritatingly cheap. I will not be back. Too many other choices in Vegas. I like Keller's TV cooking show. Maybe I should've just gone to Burger Bar which I think is still his as well.
My husband was looking forward to eating here because he's seen Hubert Keller on PBS.  Great atmosphere, service, etc., but disappointing food.  The meal started great with grilled octopus which was stellar but it was downhill from there.  The angus sliders were good but the truffle oil mac n cheese bordered on tasteless.  The meatballs were meh as was the tarte flambee.  Since only one out of 5 items were anything special we didn't even bother with dessert.  Next time we'll try one of other restaurants in the casino.
At a conference and had an hour for lunch.  Waited close to 40 minutes for Wagyu burger which came out well done, not medium. Had no time to complain just gobbled it down since I needed to get back to conference.  Others at bar waited close to an hour...they need to fix their line cooks and could use an expediter.  Bartender was trapped with no way to check orders - not good.  Hopefully this was just a glitch today but I would give yourself plenty of time to enjoy the experience.
Straight and to the point the food was great!
I really enjoy this restaurant.
The food is good and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The service at Fleur was quite good.  My husband and I arrived on a Friday night just before 7pm.  We did not have reservations and we were seated immediately.  The restaurant has a nice relaxed vibe and the servers were very attentive.  We were presented with a tablet so that we could browse through the list of cocktails and wines, which is something I very much liked as you have the opportunity to search for wines you might like by selecting the flavor profiles you enjoy.

In terms of the food, I would say we were 50% impressed and 50% underwhelmed.  We ordered the following:

*  Ahi Tuna Tacos
*  Fried Mac and Cheese w/ Truffle Oil Peas and Ham
*  Braised Short Ribs
*  Fleur Burger - Wagyu Beef on a Brioche Bun
*  Chocolate Mousse

The Ahi Tuna Tacos were maybe about two and a half inches (3 total) and served on a crunchy shell.  The problem I found with this was that the shells were not crunchy enough.  I'm guessing that they had gotten a bit soggy when the cold tuna was placed in the shell.  As my husband would say, they were "Meh."

The Fried Mac and Cheese (3 total) were about three and a half inches in length and were quite good.  (I love Cajun food, so I would have liked a bit more spice, but I think most people would thoroughly enjoy this item as it is.)

Braised Short Ribs - The absolute BEST part of the meal.  The short ribs were extremely tender and were served with mashed fingerling potatoes.  

My husband ordered the Fleur Burger and he was really excited for it, but he ended up describing it as "Meh."  He said that it was cooked very well and it was very juicy, but he said it lacked any real flavor.  - It was served with a side of alfalfa sprouts, ketchup, and some sort of other dark sauce.  I took a bit and thought that it was indeed juicy, but it was kind of boring.  

For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Souffle, which was served with a side of cherry sauce/glaze that was poured over/into the souffle as well as a side of pistachio ice cream.  - I was completely overwhelmed with the dessert.  The souffle lacked any real flavor and was somewhat of a sad follow up to the amazing short rib entree that I had just consumed.  

The overall experience was pleasant and if we go back, we know that there are certain items we won't enjoy.  - The service is really what made the experience for us.
Bone-in ribeye - a bit tough, Outback/Saltgrass quality.  

Asparagus - decent seasoning, unspectacular.

Fried mac n' cheese - the Texas State Fair could beat it out.

Mashed potatoes (menu calls it something else) - best item ordered, too bad it was one fifth of the proper serving.

Nice server.  Food came as slow as molasses.  iPad drink menus.  Whoopie.

Four stars if $15-20/head, I paid $65 with one drink.  Not a happy camper for value received.  As a douchey doorman once told me, welcome to Vegas!
I'm a little bit of a control freak when it comes to gatherings, particularly birthday dinners. Maybe it's unfortunate for them, but my recent venture to this pace was for my own birthday dinner, so I may just be extra critical.

Food: 4/5
Location: 5/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Experience: 4/5


The Verdict: 4/5

Let me start with the experience.

I did a reservation a week before the actual dinner date. Surprisingly, getting a table on a Saturday night was no problem at all. Then again, I've rarely had any problems getting a reservation on any restaurant at the Las Vegas trip from the numerous times I've gone. 

My group of friends and I took a cab from Treasure Island, where we were staying and traveled to Mandalay Bay. This also was my first time going to this part of the strip since I normally stay in the Bellagio to Wynn part of the strip. The hotel was nothing surprising, just your typical casino with heavy foot traffic being it a Saturday night.

We then made it to the restaurant, 8:30 pm on a Saturday night. One word to describe it - Dead! I was amazed that for a restaurant owned by a famous Chef, no one was eating there. Call me easily swayed, but normally, it's a cardinal rule in my book when selecting a place to eat.  "Only eat in a restaurant that's packed - meaning, they have great food, ascertained by its patrons" Take note though, I'm from San Francisco so I was basing my take on this to Fleur De Lys, another Hubert Keller restaurant. 

Ambiance:

We got sat down, although the place is nice and the décor was "modernesque artsy", with high ceilings, I didn't like how the restaurant had a feel of being open. It's hard to describe because when I like the ambiance of a restaurant, I like a feel of warmth. The place being opened took some points away In my book. The Ipad on the table where you can order a drink and dessert was both an eye catcher and an eyesore, being a big bulk in the middle of our table.

Food:

The items we got included. Foie Gras, Osso Bucco, Mac and Cheese, Sliders, Clam Noodle and their Burger. 

The Foie, as expeted was decadent. It was soft, silky and was just heavenly. Having not eaten this for almost a year, since California made it illegal for Duck liver being sold and served at restaurants. 

The Osso Bucco was good too. It came with 2 medium size shanks, which were soft, luscious and bursting with flavor. What really is the star of this entre dish is the Pollenta that comes with it. The side dish comes in a VERY petite sauceresque dish. Let me just tell you, I can eat a Big BOWL of that. It tasted truffley, earthy, cheesy and just cest magnifique! A suggestion and tip for Fleur, Make a bowl of this polenta with some beef flakes on top - it be a big hit! It would be an easy $30 entrée there.

The Mac and Cheese, The burger, and the sliders were typical with no surprises. Underwhelming for a good rated restaurant.

Service:
The waiters were on top of their game, always asking if we needed anything. They filled up our water glasses without being asked, and simply was just excellent. The greeter on the podium who was towering tall seemed to be aloof and was not engaged. We didn't have to deal with her that much, so I didn't care for her.

Our dinner ended with the serving giving a small complimentary dessert plate. It came with 2 cake pops with a slight bed of nuts and berries. Again, okay but nothing WOW. Haha

This restaurant is a good weekend food destination but not that great to be a one off, splurge of the moment, special occasion place.

Strongly Recommended: The Polenta, it's the bomb.com
The food and presentations are very creative!  I was happy to see a few dishes carry over from FDL, with the exception of the Gran Mariner souffle.  The onion soup shooters are an HK classic turned fun for the concept.  Great experience and a cool view of the hotel and traffic to-and-from the events/convention center.
Loved the bone marrow and octopus.
the service was admirablr, but the food, oh dear. I hope their signature burgers are better than the rubbery chicken on a bed of cous cous and cucumber which was also ruined by a nasty dressing and feta cheese. The iced tea seems to have been brewed instead of made from a mix so maybe that's how they got the chef's name and the gourmet reputation. 

It's pretty, and it's open for lunch but with the price i paid and the way to food tasted i felt robbed
I picked this place for my birthday dinner and it was perfect for a large group.  We had 9 in our party and made the reservation online. They did make us wait for about 15-20 minutes to be seated but we had a drink at the bar and really didn't mind. I ordered the red sangria which was delicious and they were very generous with the pour.  The table was large and comfortably sat the big group. The décor was very nice inside with a fancy/trendy atmosphere. I picked this place because the menu has small plates with very reasonable prices and a variety of cuisines to choose from. I ordered the BBQ short rib flatbread which was delicious. The favorite on the menu of the night was the corn soup-it was fantastic and tasted like Thanksgiving in a bowl!  For dessert the waitress brought out 2 cake pops with Happy Birthday written in chocolate. It was a nice touch! I highly recommend this place as the prices are just right and everyone in my party found something they liked on the menu.
1 star for the service.  The waitress we had (bill shows the name Amanda) was terrible. She stood around talking to other staff while my friend waited for her cocktail which was sitting on the bar.  The cocktail finally arrived about 3/4 way through the meal.  

3 stars for the lunch food.  We went in for tapas and were very disappointed to learn they only serve the tapas at dinner, but we were there and decided to give the lunch menu a try.  We had the hot dog, onion soup (delicious), braised short rib lasagna (yummy but filling), and a salad (refreshing).

Despite the horrible service, still left a reasonable tip, since there were other servers that brought out our food.  Amanda needs to pay more attention to her customers and less time chatting and leaning against the bar.
Little spendy, but not as bad as the other celebrity chef restaurants next door. 

Pretty good wine list, if you like to use an interactive electronic guidebook.  That may help some folks, but it is not as handy as having a real tangible last that is easy to work through. 

Four of us split 8 small plates, and we had plenty to eat.  All of them were very good, except for the ribs, which were a little overcooked and dried out.

Service was spot on -- though we were the last table seated on a Sunday night, after running the rock 'n' roll half marathon.
I came here for lunch with a group, and everyone was a bit disappointed with their dishes.  We loved the onion soup, served in a little steel pitcher- perfectly flavored and refreshing, it was delicious.

My chopped cobb salad was pretty standard, lettuce, corn, beans, and a nice sliced avocado on top.  My table mates were complaining though about their turkey sandwiches and other lunch dishes because the portions were so small.  

Dinner here I guess would be better?  If you're hungry for lunch, I would go elsewhere!  It's not really a lunch restaurant, we were one of a few tables occupied.
If you like small portions and indifferent service this is your spot.  Yawn.  I was very disappointed and expected so much more from chef Keller.
Ahi Tuna Tacos to start: shells were a bit "chewy". Flavor was great.
Caesar salad was very tasty. Grace says the white anchovies they used are very delicate (and yummy- perfect amount of "briny-ness").
Skirt steak- had to take a picture. Incredible flavor AND it's tender. Now how do they accomplish both? Nice job!
Grace and I both ordered skirt steak (hers medium, mine medium rare). Both came out perfectly cooked but mine was half as thick as hers - I kinda got ripped off.  This is my ONLY minus for the night and only reason for 4 stars. 
Desert: tiramisu with blueberries, raspberries, and strawberries.  Awesome - custard was light and creamy, top was perfectly browned! If creme brûlée by itself, the cream is a killer!
This might be one of the best meals I have ever eaten. Superb service combined with a divine menu of lovely little tidbits - everything from ahi tacos to a tongue stew, and everything in between. Check out their menu beforehand so you can figure out what you'd like to share. Ambience is so attractive and a good bar menu as well. Besides, the Mandalay Bay Resort is so beautiful, you'll want to come in just for a look-see.
Came here for dinner before going to the Michael Jackson Cirque Du Solei show and loved it!

You have to get the pork belly fried rice! There was a shrimp dish and pork ribs we got too that were just delicious. My dad loves tripe, and he got that dish too and said it was really great lean meat, though a bit spicy.

I heard a lot of people talking about the lobster mac and cheese, but I didn't really care for it. Maybe it was because we had already eaten so much food. It wasn't bad it just wasn't wow like so many reviews said.

Definitely check it out!!!
Got the prix-fixe before the CdS/MJ show and it was phenomenal.  I don't know what spice rub was put on my chicken but it was nothing I have ever tasted before (in a good way).  The wife had the salmon and in counterpose to my chicken it was a little salt for seasoning but otherwise they simply use high quality salmon perfectly cooked (just past rare) and let the food speak for itself.

We loved the ambiance and the staff were great.  My waterglass nevr was less than half full.
My friends love the 40oz rib-eye very much. And the Foie Gras there is so good！
what?!? i had reservations here for 10pm for my girlfriends birthday (closes at 11) the host tells me they 'feel like' closing early, and they won't serve us. i ask to speak to the manager and he says he won't allow that.. the patrons who were leaving when were denied said it was gross and super greasy anyway
3.5 stars.  The service wasn't bad but not at the level of a Michelin starred restaurant.  Maybe it was an off night, but the fleur burger was a total waste of time.  Nothing special at all and lacking in flavor.  Even at a third the price it would have been disappointing.  The souffle for dessert was also completely forgettable.  The tomatoes served with several of the dishes were not fresh.
I wish we had tried more of the small plates.  The ajo blanco was a perfectly poached egg with a nice creme on top.  Absolutely one of the best I've ever had.   The bone marrow was fairly good as well.
The steaks were excellent.  The jus served with the burgers and steaks was far too sweet and one steak came with a strange sort of pico de gallo that did not go with any other flavor of the dish.
Overall it seemed the small plates and steaks are what really excelled.
All in all fleur has a number of things to correct if they hope to be one of the top restaurants in vegas. For now they're not.
Went to Fleur for my anniversary on 12/23/13. We had a reservation that was easy to make online. 

The atmosphere was romantic even thought the tables are close together. The waiter was amazing! He told us about places to visit in the area and had great suggestions for entertainment. 

The food was the reason for the 4 stars and not 5! I order from the small portions part of the menu and little did I know small portions meant 2 spoonful of crab salad! Luckily the waiter noticed my dissatisfaction and brought me some dinner rolls. My husband ordered the filet mignon with a side of brussel sprouts and he stated it was amazing. 

It was pricey and we probably wouldn't go again unless it was a special occasion.
OK this place is fantastic; great service at the bar with good suggestions and advice. Foie gra duo that melts in your mouth. The best burger on the planet, Fleur burger and don't forget to try the wine reduction sauce, good advice from the bar tender.
With all the good reviews of this place, I found it quite below average... Sorry, you get a FAIL.  First I got the wrong salad (arugula) but it was decent (wanted the field green). I ordered a local craft beer (red hydrant), but it was $14 and really more of an Irish Red and it tasted very Euro (so it was poorly labeled).  I got the ahi tuna tacos, that were tiny, yet very good, even though the corn taco shell dominated the overall flavor.
I ordered the braised short ribs, that was really just a giant RIB (as in only one big one). it was not that good, and it's really hard to screw up SHORT RIBS. It also had this weird FOAM on top of it that looked like a fuzzy mold. The parsnip puree had a very weird texture. That was POOR, D+ but I ate the whole thing...
The Wild Mushrooms were terrible. They had no flavor, nor even tasted like anything was added to them, other than the earthy natural flavor... The polenta wasn't bad, but boring!   
We passed on three other restaurants for this place?  DANG!
Becky was the best ever!!
Great personality awesome 
Great food and beverage recommendations 
Will definitely come back.
This place is just so so. 

Caesar Salad: Fail. Chopped, almost shredded, room-temperature romaine drowned in thick, bottled (?) dressing. It was an extremely poor interpretation of a simple, classic salad that is so easy to do right but that marginal and below restaurants do poorly.

Fleur Burger. Excellent. Served with a mini fryer of fingerling fries. $35.

Service. Fail. Fast and efficient. However service workers who complain always cancel out the good. The bartender told me she could really use my burger and martini; it had been a bad day and she was hungry. You know what honey, I'm on a weekend getaway and am dropping ~$80 on this meal. I don't want to hear your problems! Get a job at Denny's.
I went with a group (9 of us total).  Food was delicious!  Service was so-so.  The server brought out bread while we were all deciding what to have for dinner.  The bread was very good.  My partner and I had a few of the "small plates" - the pork belly fried rice, the black angus sliders and the Chinese BBQ spare ribs.  The pork belly rice - SO GOOD!  I highly recommend this is you are a pork belly fan - crispy chunks of pork belly on this one.  The sliders were great as well - very fresh with a  nice chargrilled taste and caramelized onions.  The ribs were super tender and the sauce was perfect.  Service was a bit slow and it took a long time to get our check.  This place is LOUD - a night club is just across the was and there was a mob of people waiting to get into it (10pm on Saturday night).  If you are looking for a quiet or romantic type of place, this isn't it.
I was very excited...then deflated.  Not three days ago I dined with Fleur by Hubert Keller at Mandalay Bay.  The Chicken Sandwich was very good, albeit the bacon didn't exactly join the sandwich, rather rested atop the cheese and would fall out if not careful.  The French Fries, yes French Fries were perfect and so was the Ocean Blue drink.  Service was attentive and the venue very welcoming, mind you we noted a team member neglect to wipe down two of the tables.  With Brunch, I give Fleur a solid 4 Stars, 5 Stars had the tables been cleaned correctly.

Onward to Tech.

Upon arrival our Server presented an iPad with the menu.  What a great way to quickly browse a menu and gather details.  Additionally, the iPad immediately felt cleaner than the typical menu that passes patron to patron.  I wish every venue would use iPads, or Galaxy Tabs for those of us (myself included) that prefer Android.  Now for the bad news.  Upon selecting menu items, the app states "To place order, share this screen with Server".  Being entirely honest, 10 minutes were lost searching the menu for the "share" functionality.  Screen after screen, button after button.  Problem solved - who would guess "...share with Server" at Fleur actually means physically show the iPad screen to the Server!  Half-Hearted Tech?  When "Share" is presented in an application, most people anticipate sending the order from the iPad to the POS terminal (or Facebook, or well, wherever!).  The ordering confusion may only apply to some of us, but one of two things needs to happen: the verbiage on the screen must change, or the integration to the POS terminal must be completed.

Enough tech bruising, Fleur is a delightful restaurant and the mere courage to implement such technology warrants praise.
Mmmmm big fan of Fleur!
I have to admit, i usually go back for the same thing. The little ahi tuna tacos are a great little snack to have midday with a glass of wine! I love hitting up Fleur during their happy hours. They have a pretty good wine list that is provided on an iPad and you can choose between the bar, or some comfy seats and tables.
Definitely good for people watching as it is located in a pretty good central spot.
It's not a bad place if you hate money and like leaving restaurants still hungry. I never need to bother eating here again.
My husband and I enjoyed the small plates, but our friend got food poisoning from the sardine plate.  That is absolutely unacceptable in a restaurant of this caliber.
Great place for tapas! I did the mini tasting for 2 people and it was plenty of food! Well worth the money! Do not be fooled by the small first course. Each course gets bigger and finally ends with a 5th course dessert! Everything was delicious and flavorful. The Beef carpaccio and ahi tuna tacos were light and refreshing. The truffle soup was to DIE for! The bone marrow was deeply rich. The shrimp and grits were spicy and perfectly cooked. The grilled octopus was a bit unexpectedly acidic but still light. The steak was succulent pairing well with the french fries. The lobster mac and cheese was worth every calorie and tasted even better the following morning. The brioche beignets was a perfect ending to a great meal!
Came here before touring the Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay. I wish now that I would have stopped on the walk down from Vdara at a different location, rather than putting faith in Mandalay Bay to have a restaurant which would suit my taste and my mother's. The options are very limited at this hotel/casino. You're either going to spend $200+ on a decent meal or end up choking down kid friendly hamburgers and fries. Fleur is really the only place for adults which doesn't come with bank breaking prices, and it really doesn't offer anything more than life-sustaining calories. 

I've got to say that service is boarding on deplorable. Watching the wait staff wander around passing nasty looks for the first 15 minutes of my visit, I began to feel like I was in an episode of Restaurant Nightmares. I have no idea what the big problem was, but it seemed to be revolving around some half-naked hostess who was openly flirting with what appeared to be a manager. Scandalous!! Whatever the drama was, it was impeding on my order getting taken, so I was far more pissed than entertained. By the time my server finally appeared at the table, I was about ready to just leave and go hungry until dinner. Thankfully, he showed up right before the final straw came down.

The next star reducing event was being told that the two sandwiches my mother and I wanted were BOTH sold out. WTF!? I asked the waiter how that was possible when there was still 2 hours left in the lunch service, and he explained it was very difficult for the kitchen to predict the kind of traffic the restaurant would see at lunch. He made a pretty decent case, but it just minimally reduced my frustration. Perhaps had he been a little more attentive when my mother and I first arrived, I would have let the mishap slide a bit more easily.

We ended up ordering the pork belly flatbread and the hot dog. I can't say either was bad, but neither were they memorable. They both go into the "Ate to Live" category. Nothing special or noteworthy. Just another meal to keep my blood sugar and energy level even.

If you find yourself at Mandalay Bay and hungry. Well, I'm sorry. Your choices kind of suck unless you have deep pockets, are under the age of 5, or think you would enjoy the before versions of restaurants on Kitchen Nightmares. My advice, eat at a different location on the strip.
We LOVE Fleur. 

We have been to Fleur many times, including during restaurant week. The food is always delicious, but go during restaurant week if you can because you'll get to try some really fun, creative dishes. 

Every time my husband and I go to Fleur, we love what we order and we have a wonderful experience. The wait staff is always attentive and kind. The ambiance is very warm, relaxed, and inviting. We prefer to sit inside the restaurant rather than out near the bar--it's more enjoyable to be away from the casino foot traffic. 

Fleur serves small plates, but you can also order a normal meal. We aren't tapas fans, so we usually order steaks, which are always cooked perfectly.

We saw Mr. Keller himself walk out of the kitchen the first time we ate there, and it was a real thrill to have the chance to compliment the chef :)
I love the idea of tapas since I like to try everything so I made reservations here. We waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. Our waitress showed us the drink menu on the iPad and I ordered a blue ocean. We First ordered 5 dishes because we weren't sure how hungry we were. The waitress recommended about 2-3 per person. The ahi tuna tacos, calamari, and onion soup came out quick. The ahi tuna tacos were alright. Light and refreshing. The calamari was ok as well. Nothing special. I then tried and onion soup and it was thick and rich. Good...but rich!  We didn't finish the soup and decided to order the foie gras bases on recommendations on yelp.  After about 10 minutes our pork belly fried rice and lobster Mac and cheese came out. Maybe I'm biased because I'm Asian but the fries rice had way too much soy sauce in it. The pork belly also should have been cut up in smaller pieces instead of having big chunks all over. And i honestly did not like the lobster Mac and cheese. It tasted too concentrated with lobster. The lobster Mac and cheese at mastros is soooo much better. Don't get it here. Finally after a disappointing meal the foie gras came out. It was prepared two ways. The warm part of the duo was good, I wasn't feeling the other version of the duo. The wine ice cream on the dish was good. Lastly we ordered the beignets for dessert. It was good but not epic. It's like the same kind you get at Disneyland. 

Overall, the food is edible but definitely don't know what makes the food epic.
This place really was just, A-OK. My friends and I were reaaaally excited to have our fancy dinner here, but left disappointed. Our food took a very long time to come out - and when it did, we were mildly impressed. Some steak was too well-done when it was requested "rare", some dishes were too salty, and some dishes didn't have much flavor. 

We were here for about 3 hours, without the intention of being there for 3 hours. Expect to be here for a while if you come as a group of 4+.

Decor was nice, and staff were great. But the food didn't have me sold.
MEH.
I expected a lot from Hubert Keller and this def disappointed everyone at our 7-person table. The bone marrow ap was awesome and inspired me to make it at home. The truffle soup was GREAT. But everything else was okay or "good"...and we were looking for outstanding. I had the house specialty of grilled octopus and it was mediocre and it came with roasted potatoes that were DOUSED in what tasted like Larry's Season Salt. Soooo bad. The staff was not that great. Besides the above the Mandalay is very smoky and kinda gross. We ate there because we were seeing a show.
Although well reviewed, I am giving Fleur 2 stars. They are over priced for the quality of food, and they are really lacking in authenticity on their ethnic plates. The ambiance is fine, but not completely isolated from the large open hallway they are located on. It was somewhat distracting. 

I started by the tarte flambée (a French inspired flatbread). Not bad but nothing to get excited about and very Americanized. So after a first base hit on the appetizer I decided to consult yelp photos/menu to help me decide what to have next. I quickly came across the angus beef sliders which looked awesome. They were piled high with cheese, bacon, pickles, and served with seasoned potato wedges. 

So I ordered that (not so healthy, I realize!) and was supposed to receive three small beef sliders with nothing but bun and bacon, and there was a tiny cup of regular cut fries - and when I say tiny cup it as TIMY... About the size of a shot glad with like 3 fries or something. 

Upon closer look at the original photo I noticed it was over four years old. I guess they are cutting costs.  I cut their stars.
Fleur has a very beautiful setting and atmosphere however, it's overpriced for the quality of food. I ordered the Dungeness crab salad which is not something I would ever order again. I was at the bar for my meal and the server talked to me a total of 3 times and never refilled my water.
Saw the reviews and was excited to try this place. We were seeing the MJ show and thought it would be a perfect place for dinner before the show. Apps were very good, but small and a bit overpriced. The tuna tacos were our favorite, followed by the octopus. Unfortunately, it was more potato vs octopus. Another octopus app was brought to our table by accident and I immediately noticed that plate had more octopus than ours, meaning inconsistent portions, bad. My husband got a burger, considering this is supposed to be their specialty.  It was over cooked and really nothing special. Overall, disappointed.
Worst experience ever! We were sat down and ignored by every one in the resturant, including the manager or what looks like the manager. It is such a shame to stay in a nice hotel and have service this horrible. I wouldn't recommend this establishment to anyone EVER!
I was pleasantly surprised with our first experience at Fleur! Our meals at other "high end" places in Vegas were somewhat disappointing, so it was great to finally have a good meal. Mandalay Bay is a really gorgeous place and we sat at a high-top just outside the restaurant. The service was great - our hostess and waitress were really attentive and nice. We even caught a glimpse of Hubert Keller visiting a table nearby!

We started with a shot of absinthe each. We had never had it before and Fleur has a wide selection, complete with table side service. If you've never tried absinthe or had the experience of them "making" your drink next to our table, I highly recommend it. I ended up settling on the grilled octopus small plate and my boyfriend ordered the mac and cheese small plate. My octopus was delicious! It was layered with mushrooms and a delicious pepper aioli. The mac and cheese was creamy on the bottom and crispy and breaded on top, and the shrimp inside were cooked perfectly.

For dessert, we ordered the brownie lollipops and creme brulee. The lollipops were okay but the creme brulee was great. We would definitely go back and I would try the ahi tuna tacos next. The menu, though not large, has a variety of dishes so there's likely something for just about everyone.
We arrived four minutes early after a taxi ride for our reservation and made an early reservation because we had plans for seeing a show. We were made to feel very unwelcome so we opted not to return. The Bar was full of happy hour patrons and we were given the ultimatum to sit at the bar and buy some small plates or to leave and come back in four minutes. If the restaurant was closed at the time I'd understand but it wasn't and I had a reservation.The host knew we had a reservation and told us to leave. 

We had a lovely meal somewhere else without having a reservation.

We were looking forward to dining at Fleur but will probably skip it next time too due to it's a big town with many options that are more welcoming.
Good fun, good cocktails (like the strawberry switchblade) good noshes (like pot pie nuggets, inside out French onion grilled cheese, and Green Tea Panna Cotta)...and great atmosphere!
There menu looks interesting but failed to impress. I tried their ahi tacos and they were super plain no flavor. Caesar salad was good but that's hard to mess up. Tried their brownie pops for dessert, they were sweet but 75% frosting and only 25% brownie. We went for lunch so maybe their dinner is better.
I've eaten here twice, both times I ordered his specialty foie gra which was melt in your mouth delish! 
What I like about this place is it's so quiet, I don't like noisy places, I can enjoy my high end food without all the noise. It's cozy, not really busy, so the waiters are very good about refills and if you have questions. The tables are spaced far apart so there's some privacy too.
I've also had the Filet Mignon, which was very tender and juicy. Cooked medium rare the way I like it!
Also had the Braised Waygu Short ribs, I enjoyed this dish as well. It was very flavorful and seasoned well.
I suggest getting a groupon or something, spend $75 and get $125 worth of high end cuisine.
Fleur used to be on another level when it was Fleur de Lys. Celebrated events here and was beyond thrilled. It was one of my favorite spots on the strip. 

Fast forward to the recession, Fleur de Lys wanted to be a little more approachable in a down economy so the concept changed to Fleur. Small plates, some big plates and it was still good. I think they had too many choices, was often overwhelmed by the menu, but there were some really good dishes among some misses.  

At some point in the last year, the menu changed again. With less items to choose from, almost half the menu is now Asian. Which would be ok, but if I wanted any type of Asian food in Las Vegas I wouldn't have to go far. 

"Small Plates" here is a misnomer, maybe if I was an NFL linebacker they'd be considered small. They say 2-3 per person, but I think it's safer to do 1-2 and keep a menu if you want more later. Out of everything here the only must have is the ahi tacos. 

Most of what we ordered was heavy, it wasn't bad just ok, but after we split two of the dishes I didn't want anything else except a fresh salad to balance it out. Even the beet salad was heavy and oily. There was more cheese than beets, and they were covered in oil. To the restaurant's credit, the waitress said it was the winter menu and they'll lighten it up. But, it's winter in Vegas, not Chicago, don't really have as much of the comfort food craving to keep warm end of March when people are spending the day at the pool. 

Not sure if they're suffering from a loss of identity, but every time we walked by they weren't very busy and between spring break and March Madness, everywhere else seemed to be.
As a fan of Fleur de Lys in the City, this was our choice for a great meal in LV. We found the food to be outstanding and the service great without being either overbearing or pretentious. 
The reservation was handled efficiently and with a minimal wait. We erred by not allowing for a relaxing time between dinner and The Beatles up the strip, the staff was able to ensure prompt service without feeling rushed.
I did the mini tasting for 2 people and it was just a lot of food. My favorite was the beef carpaccio and the truffle soup. Everything else was good, but it got really really rich really really fast. I'm more of a fan of traditional bone marrow, but I like Hubert Keller's interpretation of everything. The mini tasting pretty much hit everything I wanted to try that was available on the menu. 

Regardless, I would have given 4 stars just for that creamy white truffle soup. I'd love to just jump in a pool of this and drown in it...except I wouldn't drown because I'll eat the soup so fast.  As I type this, my mouth waters thinking about that soup. 

The dessert- beignet's were okay. I had one, and I had my friend eat the rest. I mean, he loves sweets so he liked them. I'm not a beignet fan so I wouldn't know.  The steak with the french fries were good as well. There was just a LOT of food left over! It was totally worth the money and the food the next morning was just as good. ;)
My boyfriend and I decided to get dinner at Fleur while in Vegas with friends since we have been huge fans of Hubert Keller ever since watching him work his magic on Top Chef Masters. Plus, this restaurant was highly recommended by one of his friends. Unfortunately, we found the food to be overrated and overpriced and wouldn't eat here again. Here's what we tried:

- Ahi Tuna Tacos -  imagine paying $13 for three taco-shaped tortilla chips with a little chunk of flavorless tuna and a sprinkle of cole slaw in each chip. Yes, these were tacos portioned for a pescetarian rabbit. Gone in two small bites, or maybe three if you practice some restraint. The lack in flavor and seasoning was disappointing. It basically was just sashimi on some tortilla chips.

- Foie Gras Duo - It was ok. I preferred the seared preparation over the torchon. The red wine ice cream was interesting in a good way. Again, tiny portions.

- Fleur Burger - underseasoned burger that is inferior to In 'n' Out or Five Guys... oh, and resist the urge to add the foie gras and truffles - they don't really make the burger better.
Me and my daughter came here in 2007 for her 21st bday and it was fabulous. The tasting menu was out of this world. I remember the mushroom soup for starter was so good I licked the bowl. We also got to tour the kitchen because Hubert keller was in the kitchen and letting some guests  come back and meet him. His sous chef talked my daughter out of wanting to go to culinary school though! Just telling her she would have no life but the restaurant scared her! We went back every yearly trip to vegas.
Then we came back last year to find they had changed the entire concept to a tapas place which was ok but could not compare to before. Please change back!
Used to come here for the carambar ice-cream. Ordered it again to discover no trace of the carambar taste at all in it. I don't know what they are using now, but it's definitely not carambar. I have given them one star due to the dishonest menu description. They didn't seem particularly phased when we pointed out this problem either.
When I heard that Fleur De Lis (I restaurant that I loved) had been turned into a Hubert Keller tapas restaurant, I was disappointed.  However, I totally respected Hubert Keller (he is a really nice guy) and looked forward to trying the new concept.

Really small portions (even for a tapas joint), pricey.and underwhelming food.

See ya!
The food is great and the server was attentive and very nice. My water never went below half full. FYI no free refills on soda
I had one of my favorite dining experiences here. Chef Hubert is one of my favorite chefs. Hes food is new creative fresh and packed with flavor.  Alittle pricy but worth every penny. Nice wine list as well.
Great lunch spot! I have to say the Wagyu lasagna was pretty notable. I have never seen a all beef lasagna dish with just a couple layers of noodles. If I were to design a dish, it would be almost exactly like that.
Well let's start by saying - Service was good.  No complaints there.  So this is not one of those bitter posts you see.  The reason I give 2-stars is b/c of the service otherwise I would drop it lower.
Now - let's get to the skinny.  
THE FOOD - It honestly wasn't all that great.  We had a few different plates b/c it's a Tapas/Small plate style restaurant.
A lifeless husk of the original Fleur de Lis. We weren't particularly fond of anything served, and with service you would expect at Applebee's.
Crab salad was great! Delicious sliders and I love the sangria! It was fantastic and fruity!
This place is so nice. If you are looking for a nice quiet, delicious meal, this is the place to go. Everything we ate was amazing: ahi tuna tacos, arugula salad, beats with buratta, pork belly fried rice, braised short rib, and creme brûlée. Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly. Our server was so accommodating. She didn't try to talk us into anything or order more than we wanted. Definitely worth checking out.
I'm a fan of Hubert from TV. Now, this branch of Fleur is in the Mandalay Bay, which is a cross between an enormous cruise ship and an enormous mall. So it's a little different.

I popped to the bar midafternoon to get a drink and a snack. My standard sapphire martini was fine.

The ahi tuna tacos are a small plate - a tapas basically. Just what I needed. The tuna was perfect quality, with a smear of wasabi and a tiny slide of jalapeño, in a tiny crispy tortilla with a bit of slaw. 3 pieces, equivalent serving to maybe 1 maki roll.

Not a bad spot to kill half an hour and get off your feet.
I received a note from the general manager of Fleur. I stand by my original review and rating based on my experience that evening. However I absolutely appreciate the GM's note emphasizing his food and service standards, apology and offer to correct the situation during a future visit. BONUS POINTS to the leadership of Fleur for a nice service recovery and effort to ensure their customers' experience is not lost among the thousands of patrons served.
I was trying to decide between this place and Aureole, which I had already been to before and is my favorite spot in Vegas, but in the end I decided I should try something new. My suggestion would be to make a reservation so you can sit inside otherwise you sit on the patio where people passing by gawk at you while you try to enjoy your meal. We did the small plate mini tour. I loved the service there, our waitress Kat, was so helpful and very nice, and your water glass is never empty and never has a chance to get warm, but the atmosphere (really wish I had made that reservation) and some of the food were mediocre at best and for the portions and the price it should all be great. The mini tour consisted of 10 dishes. Half of them were definitely as good as I expected, the other half were just so-so. The 5 really good ones were the ahi tacos (that tuna was fresh!), the carpaccio (this was my favorite, loaded with so much intense flavor), the scallop (it smelled really fishy so I was initially worried about how it would taste but it was great), the garlic fries, and the beignets that were just cooked and melt in your mouth. The ones I wasn't so crazy about, the white onion soup which shocked me because that's what all the yelp reviewers raved about. It must be about taste preference, I prefer savory and this reminded me of a sweet corn chowder. Next on the menu, the bone marrow which just seemed lacking in flavor as did the shrimp and grits, and the skirt steak lyonnaise which was a tough piece of meat, but since I have never had it before, who knows maybe that's the way it is supposed to be. The last dish I had mixed feelings about was the octopus. Since this was the first time I had octopus I think I need to have it one more time before I decide if I really like octopus or not. Overall this was a very fun experience going through these 10 dishes and deciding what you like. Next time I think I'd pick what looks good to me instead of going the mini tour route though. I debated  between the 3 or 4 stars, in the end since the food was 50/50, I went with the 4 stars because if I had ordered my own food it may have even been good enough to earn 5 stars, service goes a long way.
Just had cocktails here.  Great for people watching.  Good stuff!
Can't touch some of Dallas's restaurants, this was just celebrity chef hype. Now, as you can see by my # of reviews, I eat out - ALOT. And I've eaten at some fancy pants places but I have NEVER been charged PER DINNER ROLL. Ever. $1.25 per roll here! We have complimentary bread BASKETS in Dallas yal! And french bread, and muffins and cornbread and free chips n salsa....what gives Vegas? Charging us per ROLL? 

Moving on....the service was excellent, the wine was excellent - huge selection. The food - good, not great....I've had WAY better and nothing I had here would be worth coming back for next time I'm in Vegas. We had 2 entrees and the rest tapas. The potato-crusted trout was the fav of the night. The coq au vin was pretty good as well.
The veggie tart...was mushy, not a fav. The black angus sliders were good...but ya know, they're just sliders...nothing that inventive. Caesar salad was delish and everyone loved the side of wild mushroom ragout.

We tried to leave full and happy with 2 desserts....but again, just ok. Creme brulee...just as good as anywhere else. The bengiet (I know I'm spelling this wrong) balls were good but not as good as the real thing, or just a good ol' donut hole.

I'm goin' back to Dallas. Dallas, Dallas....goin' back to Dallas. Where the food is so much better. Word.
Fleur tries too hard to be innovative. The bone marrow presentation was beautiful looking but bland in taste. I had to ask for a little salt and pepper to bring out the sauce and the onion jam. The filet was good, just missing a tad of salt to bring out all mr kellers intended flavors. My guess is this place will fade because the flavors are too subtle for lv tastes...
I'm a devoted viewer of Top Chef, which means I was already inclined to love Hubert Keller's Fleur.  My verdict?  Meh.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular in any way - and for what you get, it's pretty overpriced.

We got the pork belly fried rice (I know, but we're Asian and wanted to see his take on it) - the flavors were good, but it was SO SALTY.  I wanted another bowl of steamed rice to mix in because that's how salty it was.  

The beef carpaccio - eh.  Not bad, but it's raw beef, there's not a lot to say.

The ahi tuna tacos were good - but so small.  So, so small.  

We got one of the flatbread pizzas - I think this was one of the better things on the menu though honestly, I like the flatbread better at Seasons 52.

Foie gras - we got this since we don't get this in Cali anymore.  It was fine, but nothing special for the price.  

Roasted bone marrow - probably the best appetizer we got.  Good stuff - greasy, but delicious.

We all got the fleur burger.  It was cooked just right, but it was missing something.  Don't get me wrong, it was a good burger, but it wasn't a phenomenal burger (I think Capital Grille has the best burger) and for $35, I was a little underwhelmed.  sorry.

Overall, it's a decent dining experience.  The ambiance was nice, the wait staff and service were impeccable, but for the money - especially in Vegas - you could do much better.
The decor is the best aspect.

TERRIBLE service. The waiter could not show us on the wine list where anything was.  He did the fly by "is everything ok" without stopping. One glass of wine i ordered was corked--but nothing from the waiter.

We ordered first soup, then appetizer, then our meal.

They rushed out the soup and appetizer together (this on a not busy night). We asked them to slow it down but apparently they don't know how. it felt like Applebees' services with higher priced food.


The food is not tapas--there is a very small appetizer menu. Of that the octopus was delicious, as was the onion soup.  the entrees were not at all memorable. We did not bother with dessert.

Even had we decent service we felt like this is a restaurant trading on the chef's name with no hint of the august heritage. a misuse of a brand name chef--or an over extension of a name with one restaurant that does not meet the standards. This restaurant could not survive without the Hubert Keller name.
Food was exceptional and the prices are even reasonable, but the bartender, Jason, was a complete d'bag whose behavior borderlined criminal, which is hard obviously to look past. The experience was so bad that my friend and I walked out and walked over to Strip Steak which was terrific in every way.

I've since sent a letter with everyone associated with the place talking about my experience - which I've always dreamed of doing, but never actually done before. Felt good just writing it. I sincerely hope Jason gets fired.
What a disappointment that we wasted a meal here. The menu looks very good, but that is where the goodness stops. Food was mediocre at best. We had four small (tiny) courses, a disgusting "signature" cocktail. The meal was rushed and we were done in an hour. The food wasn't bad enough to send back, but it was flavorless and unfulfilling. Ahi tacos were bite sized and had no seasoning or flavor. $200 later for the two of us, we were questioning why we wasted a night here when there are so many good options in Vegas.
Fleur had really excellent food, and my waitress was extremely nice and helpful.  I appreciated the wine-pairing suggestions, including a delicious Moscato that they recommended with dessert.
Worst place ever!!!!! The food was alright...over priced for the portions they serve...

however we simply asked at the beginning of the meal to split the bill...but no they didn't!!! Put everyone in a bad mood and ruined our night! And all the manager could say was sorry. not even an acknowledgement of their mistake! Never again!
A great restaurant and a chance to enjoy Hubert Keller without booking six months in advance.  

First, wanted to compliment the service.  The waitress asked if we had to make a show and I mentioned I had a flight.  Rather than a two or three hour experience, they were great at delivering the dishes promptly.  Although it would of been great over many hours, I really like the way they were accommodating without me even having to ask.

Although there are entree on the menu, they also have small plates separated by territory.  My friends and I shared several:
--   Ahi tuna tacos.  I love tuna and the tuna was perfect.  The crispy taco was a very neat touch.
--  Black angus sliders.  Maybe the highlight of the dinner.  While everyone has sliders these days, these were fantastic.  Larger than I would of expected and the caramelized onions and bacon came together wonderfully with the meat.
--  Tarte flambee.  Probably the most disappointing dish.  No flambee and overall not much flavor over the bread.
--  Seared foie gras.  I love good foie gras and this foie gras was prepared perfectly, the other highlight of the evening.
--  BBQ pork ribs.  A dish that often goes bad at small plates restaurants, done perfectly at Fleur.  Ribs were tender, flavorful and meaty.
--  Pork belly fried rice.  Okay, another highlight of the evening.  Surprisingly, it was not the pork belly that made the dish great but the flavor of the rice.  
--  Green papaya carpaccio.  After the tarte, one of the weaker dishes.  Just not much flavor, the carpaccio did not come through.
--  Brownie lollipops. I am not a big sweets person, but these were very popular with our table.

With Julian Serrano, two fantastic options for small plates in Vegas.  Both are fantastic, Fleur maybe a little more consistent but some great dishes in both places.
I recently wrote about my husband's and my encounter at Fleur and although I was extremely happy with my food, my husband unfortunately wasn't, which was why it got such a low rating from me. 

But I am changing my rating because of Fleur's excellent customer service. Aaron the General manager of Fleur got in contact with me and made everything right with us. Not only was he concerned about our experience and the food we ate, he wanted to make sure that we were okay. And I really do appreciate this. 

In fact, we're thinking of going to Vegas again and Fleur will definitely be one of our stops. My husband is still raving about the beignets and I seriously can't wait to try the filet Mignon again. It was super yummy. And the pomme puree, heavenly.  We'll definitely go back, and this time  I'm sure our experience will be different!
Everything at Fleur is made just right!  The salads have a refreshing flavor while the Wagyu Burger was delicious!  Top these off with some Sangria and chocolate dessert lollipops and you're good to go!  Excellent and friendly service as well!  Be back soon!
Had the pleasure to dine here last night with friends for my 50th birthday. What a joy and a pleasure! The GM Aaron greeted us and sat us promptly and introduced us to our lovely server Gaga. She and another wonderful manager Esther provided us with laughter and with witty banter & repartee all evening long. 

And the food! We selected the "World Tour," which provided us with small (I use the term loosely) portions of many of the most popular and excellent items on the menu. Outstanding. Phenomenal. Of particular note was the flambé tart, ahi tacos, white onion soup & coconut soup shooters (wow!), roasted bone marrow spread, grilled octopus, Thai chili chicken wings, and diver scallops. Amazing. 

I have eaten at many excellent restaurants. It is no exaggeration to say this was one of the best meals I have ever had. Well done, staff at Fleur!
Nothing about this restaurant came together for me. The only thing I really truly enjoyed was the carpaccio, the steak tartare had the promise of being good, being mixed tableside by a waiter to the customer's taste, but it was desperately in need of salt. My pork belly lo mein was overly sweet, the belly just sat there, it's flabby fatty self, with no acid or anything to cut it. It was just sweetness and starch and fat, and far too much of all those things. Dessert probably ok, in that I forgot what I had, so it must not have been that bad. 

Food aside, the experience leaves a lot to be desired. I've spent some time trying to figure out what this place is. Bar seating flanks the outside of the restaurant, with the sort of chairs that are nearly impossible to push in unless you do some kind of weird half seated tiptoe thing, In a bar where people may choose to stand, they make sense, here in a restaurant, they don't. My place setting was missing a fork, which is inexcusable at this price point. Drink orders were completely bizarre, involving picking out my selection on an iPad, which I then had to turn around and show to the server to actually place my order. Why can't I just send the order to the bar directly from the app? This actually takes more time than a normal cocktail list. It would make sense for wine where you want to be sure your selection is communicated clearly, but it doesn't work at all here.

It also doesn't help that, for as beautiful as the interior is, you're still sitting in a casino and there's some dude at the bar outside whose idea of Vegas is Vince Vaughn movies from the 90's and all the shouting that goes along with it.

There are a few good points here, but they're hard to pick out in an otherwise bizarre experience. Concentrate less on whimsy and more on food and this place might work.
Do people come here thinking, "It's a famous chef's restaurant and it's fancy and expensive so it must be good!"?  Because as far as I can tell, either over 700 other reviewers are taken by the novelty or I'm missing something.  The two dishes I actually genuinely liked were the heirloom beet and chocolate bar for dessert, which had an almost silken texture and intriguing flavor, and the 
green papaya carpaccio as one of our appetizers, which was very tangy and bright.  I don't know what happened to the rest of the menu.  

The grilled skirt steak lyonnaise was great the first couple bites, but I soon realized the overabundance of the sickeningly sweet red wine jus, which overwhelmingly drenched everything underneath.  The potatoes -- soaked, not a singly potato-y thing left about them.  Not a jus-free spot remaining on anything edible.  
The szechuan beef tartare was truly horrible.  The first time I had tartare where I was strikingly aware I was eating raw beef.  It had no other flavor, despite being mixed tableside with spices by the expeditor.  We were asked how spicy we wanted it, we said very, so he added a ton and it still tasted of nothing but raw beef.  
The duroc pork belly lo mein had entirely too much lo mein, was too sweet, too salty, too fatty, too saucy, too everything while still not tasting of anything decent!  Just one big goop with no distinguishing flavors or textures.  
The drink-ordering system is just strange and inefficient.  You pick your drinks out on an iPad, but instead of zooming it off to the bartender like you assume it does, your server eventually comes and picks it up and puts it into the computer... so you think you ordered your drink 10 minutes ago, but you actually haven't until they come to take your order for them anyway.  

The menu items are incohesive.  We were missing silverware.  Some food and drinks took forever to arrive while others arrived very quickly.  There is a front bar area where people get drunk and yell at the TV all while you're spending over $200 on dinner for two, trying to enjoy a nice, peaceful evening out.  This restaurant just makes no sense.
For the price, this was one of the most disappointing meals I have ever paid for. I got the Wagyu burger with added avocado. While the beef was cooked well, the avocado was rotten and ruined the whole burger. On top of that, the mushrooms were cold. The bacon was also cold, and under cooked. Also, talk about sticker shock when I got the check and found that soda refills were not free.  We only ordered diet soda and it came to over $20 for three people. The only reason I am giving this place two stars is that the fries are really good.
Grilled octopus... was our server's choice but i almost spit it back out cuz it was jus tooooo salty!!! Bone marrow overwhelmed with butter. The bread that came with beef tartar was burnt. Tomato gazpacho tasted like what i assume baby barf would taste like. Yucky food so poorly prepared. It just looked pretty and that was all i could say. Even the mojito was a fail. Never to be back! This is not human food.
Amazing night at the bar Becky was incredible. She made my wife a special drink based on one of her recipes.  She totally went the extra mile.
Such a great time with Becky the bartender@fleur she has been incredible  for the second year in a row she made  me her signature cocktail.. Paris in bloom.  Always personable, great conversation .Always come back for her
Very simply, not worth the money. Very small plates for high prices, funky menu and not very many options. Kids would have a rough time. 
The waiter wasn't clearly happy that we don't drink so we were not even offered coffee or dessert, he just dropped the check. He wanted to turn the table I suppose. Very disappointed!
This was one excellent dinner, I highly recommend trying it if you're in Vegas looking for a nice night out!  We had a girls night out and this place did not disappoint, everything we had was delish. Can't wait to bring the hubs back here.
Wow.  Ok. so this is a 21 and over bar which was a problem because we brought our daughter.  However, you can eat from the 221 menu next door at the Irish restaurant/bar which is not 21 and over so we were able to try the food.  This may be my new favorite place.  They have three tapas plate columns, the first are meat (2 meet) and include 2 lamb, 2 meatballs, 2 chicken satay, 2 ribs or 2 sliders for just 6 dollars.  The seafood menu (2 see) is $7.00 each and is also 2 of everything (although we received 3 shrimp).  The final column is 1 Good Time which includes a cheese tray, meat tray, mussles, bruschetta, and a tortilla flatbread. These are $8.00 each and are larger portions.  There are also unique sandwiches such as a DLT (Duck Confit, bacon, lettuce and tomato with a blueberry mayo)
We absolutely loved the cheese tray which included Blue Cheese, a sharp cheddar, and a cheese which tasted great but we could not identify.  It also included blueberries in syrup, crustini, grapes and strawberries.  The mussles were the largest we have ever seen and had a good flavor to them.  The shrimp and scallops were excellent and we were full from this small sampling.  

They have happy hour and late night specials and serve dinner until 11.  You won't be disappointed if you go here or eat from the menu in the more casual irish bar.  This place is refreshing and surprisingly inexpensive for a restaurant located in the JW Marriot/Rampart Casino restaurant row.
I've been here a few times and always have had a good experience.  The flat bread pizzas and inspired me to re-create it at home.  The happy hour is a good deal with $5 creative martinis.  You can take the drinks across the hall to the sushi restaurant as well.  All-in-all a nice hotel bar.
I really enjoyed the IDEA of a wine bar in a place like this that's filled with kids and older locals playing the slots. A nice peaceful respite from the clamor of the casino. The interior of this place is really nice and the wine selection is pretty good . I had a great Pinot Noir. I do wish it was open for lunch, though. Actually, it's open hours are entirely the reason I didn't give it more stars. Three times this week while here for a convention, my friends and I have been run out at TEN PM. Really?!? One of these times, I watched the bartender turn away at least ten people between 9:45 and 10:00, telling them he was about to close. And this was on a FRIDAY night. So it doesn't even matter if they have paying customers, it seems.
Interesting...not necessarily in a good way. It's quieter - far from the hustle of the casino. The menu is the same as the Irish restaurant next door. I ordered the fish and chips and was underwhelmed. They have a good (cheap!) drinks menu - $5 wine, martinis and craft beer. I found an awesome beer here (Unibrew) for $5, which was pretty awesome. The bar tender was a bit hoity, telling me that I wouldn't like it. Listen buddy, just because I'm a woman doesn't mean that I don't know my beers well! 
Also, maybe it was because I was there on a Wednesday night around 10 PM, but the clients were also sort of weird...
Where else can you order authentic orchata, chicken and waffles, Thai beef jerky, albondigas, Irish nachos, for tapas! & @ Champagne taste and style for beer prices! Literally flavor based, with a dash of soul, pinch of Asian sprinkled with Latin, all American tapas! I need to go back and try more dishes, like the ribs, monte cristo, tiger cry...
Boyfriend and I just left this place happy! Cant say anything but amazing things about Nosh & Swig! Cute clean cozy decor with excellent service and hospitality! Food was unique and just the right portion but perfect to share. We tried the rib stack, the chefs special grilled cheese, cock-a-waffle-doo, dragon claws, elote, bantam burgers just to name a few and washed it all down with a chata-effup and there mint & basil lemonade then finished it all off with there made to order cookiemon dessert mmmmmmm!! Wish i had room to try every single item on the menu but ill be back soon enough. If you live in Vegas or are visiting take it from this foodie this place is a must try!
Here is what I Love about this restaurant.  Think tapas small plates with fusion flavors from all over the world!  You can get Thai, Japanese, Italian, French, Mexican, American dishes.  Every dish is well thought out, balanced, and full in savory flavors.  The plating is beautiful , really a work of art. The prices are unbeatable for the great quality and presentation.  You really can't find another restaurant in Las Vegas that servers this kind of food. It is a completely unique concept that couldn't be executed more perfectly!
"The restaurant is four days old, and already has five 5-star ratings? Hmm, must check it out," I thought.

Not so fast...

What I suspect we have here is a lot of the owner's friends creating 5-star reviews to bring in curious Yelpers like me.  (You can tell because they're very "promo-ey" and not so critical/constructive).

Let me give you the real deal, at this stage of the game.

* They're still 4 weeks away from a liquor license, thus no adult beverages to go with your tapas (unless you BYOB, which everyone around us did -apparently they got the memo). We could have used some of that awesome sangria from you-know-where.
* Seemed like they're suffering the same ethos that plagues many mom & pop restos -lots of friends and family hovering and trafficking in and out of the kitchen, like its an extension of their home kitchen. Kids running through the restaurant. Felt like we were imposing on a personal space, yet, we're paying customers. Awkward. 
* Had to request silverware, after the first appy arrived. We sat there looking at it, at each other, at it, scoured the surrounding tables to see if we could borrow a set, but nope. Eventually we flagged the hostess (co-owner)  who then brought a set. Then another set arrived a few minutes later from the server. A bit uncoordinated. 
* The water is unfiltered, so it was truly tap water from the best the Vegas pipes have to offer. Tastes terrible. 
* Dining partner had the muddled mint and strawberry lemonade. Tall thin glasses at $3.50 a pop. WIth ice, of course, so you'll be going through your drinks pretty darn quickly. My brother went through about six refills (which you do pay for). The hostess was nice and comped him one, I think because she knows that's a steep price for a tiny bit of actual beverage. 
* Cheese plate. $11 for tiny morsels of forgettable cheese! There was about $2 worth of cheese on the plate. Retitled, "Rip me Off Please Cheese Plate."
* Chicharrones. My brother is a chicharrones aficionado (he guiltily admits). He took one bite and didn't touch the rest of it. His assessment, "No. Just, no."
* Bucket of tempura veggies: edible along with the calamari. Hard to mess these up, but the calamari was comprised of super tiny rings. Lots of breading, not lots of calamari. Just kind of bummed at this point...
* Lastly, bro ordered the cookie baked in a mini skillet for dessert. It arrives, with a plastic spoon. Odd. I watch him fight to get the tiny plastic spoon through rock hard ice cream while also trying not to let the spoon melt when touching the scalding hot cast iron skillet. Humorous to watch, yet, ridiculous. I flag down the server, ask for a metal spoon. He looks at my bro and asks, "What's wrong with that spoon?" "I can't eat the ice cream with it -its frozen solid."  So what he brings us isa huge serving spoon meant for back of house. Jolly Green Gian spoon. 
Whatever. My good nature is on its last tempura crumb at this point.
* Asked for the check. Took 20 minutes... After check was paid (with hostess), we had the receipt with a large stack of bills sitting on the table. Server flys by and scoops up the stack of bills ($50).  "Whoa, cowboy, that's our change." Again, uncoordinated -I think they don't know who's doing what there, just yet. Server looked pretty young so maybe his first job while still in HS? Friend of the family, I'll bet... 

I keep saying to myself, ok, they're new. But lots of this stuff has nothing to do with new. Overall, not ready for prime time. And $50 later... feeling like I would have had a much better time, much better & filling food at Firefly. Everything on Nosh & Swig's menu can be had, in better quality, in their respective establishments around town. Leave the Korean to the Koreans, Japanese to the Japanese, White Trash to Simon, unless you can outshine them. Featuring variety is one thing, but variety without stellar quality = not coming back.
[This is a preliminary review for Nosh & Swig because the place has only been open a week and does not have a liquor license yet (though they are BYOB)]

Nosh & Swig is a fusion tapas restaurant with some tasty dishes and fun food combinations.  The food is creative and the kitchen sends out dishes plated in imaginative designs on the plate.  Between the plating of the food and the inventive flavor combinations, Nosh & Swig is a place where you're encouraged to play with your food.

We ordered a few meat plates and each was expertly-prepared, creatively plated, and fun.  The Nachos O'Brien consists of peppered pork on potato chips with stewed tomatoes in a creamy bechamel cheese sauce.  The flavors of the meat and cheese sauce were surprisingly well-balanced.  The potato chips were prepared by the kitchen and the fried flavor might have been too strong, but the peppered pork stands strong and the cheese sauce blends the whole dish.  The kitchen also did a great job with the short ribs plate--the ribs were glazed with Dr. Pepper.  The glaze was sweet and thick on the expertly-prepared, tender beef, which is served on amazingly sweet, crisp polenta cornbread and candied carrots.  The candied carrots were a bit much, but everything else was brilliant.

The non-meat dishes were similarly imaginative.  The salmon skewers came cleverly prepared in a miso sweet glaze, making the fish taste almost honeyed.  The kitchen added a fresh seaweed salad that was an excellent compliment to the dish.  

Our favorite dish on the menu was the Elote plate--corn covered in a sauce of garlic butter, cayenne and cilantro.  Wonderful combination--creamy and tart.  The dish is messy, but who cares.  The sauce mixes exceptionally well with the fresh corn underneath. 

Measuring the plates on their own, I think I'd only re-order the Elote, but that doesn't mean I didn't love Nosh & Swig.  The other three dishes we had were clever and fun to experience.  So much that I want to head back and try several more dishes.

Note on the newer-status of the restaurant: Right now, the restaurant seems a little awkward.  The space is designed to be sleek and cosmopolitan--metal tables and comfy booths with small bookcases on the wall including books and busts.  They're not filling up the restaurant yet, so the space feels a little empty, but its more than compensated for by a staff that's working hard to make sure the customers are satisfied.
I dig Nosh & Swig. They had me from the second I walked through the door and they were playing Tupac. The vibe and the food are just too cool to pass up. Food porn that tastes as good as it looks.

NOSH- You all I know I can nosh. 
Beef Lumpia-Wonton thing. Delish. Served with a sweet and spicy chili sauce and garnished with green onions. Not on the menu, but if you are lucky it just might be a Chef Special that day. 

Pretzel Brat $8- You REALLY need to order these. Chicken sausage, sauerkraut, cheese gravy on pretzel roll. I cannot begin to tell you how much I enjoyed this and I don't usually get down on kraut. Everything works with this and it came on two separate rolls which was perfect for sharing.

Monte Cristo $7- ORDER THIS. My favorite dish here. The mellow melted goodness of the Gruyere complimented the smokiness of the Black Forest ham. But it doesn't end there. It's then topped with a perfectly fried egg and warm berry compote. Hot damn I loved this. 

Truffled Tots- ORDER THESE The best tater tots I have ever tasted. They were creamy, yet crisp on the outside and topped with shredded cheese. Every bite tasted of truffle and made me wish my friend I was dining with was allergic to potato so I could eat every single one of them. No such luck. We both battled it out for the last tater. You won't be disappointed with these and if you are well we probably wouldn't be friends anyways and your mutha's a whore.

Cock-A-Waffle-Doo $10- This was good, real good in fact. My only problem and it's a total personal one because I'm not perfect is it was dark meat. I don't enjoy dark meat chicken, yet it was crispy, flavorful and worked well with the sweet Belgium waffle and Berry Maple reduction. P.S. I could drink the reduction all by itself. 

Spicy Edamame $2- Small portion, but not short in flavor. GET THIS, TOO. We destroyed this and loved the sauce so much we were dipping the tots in it. 

SWIG- I slurped up the Chata-Effup which was a-okay. I am still excited for them to get their liquor license because I know they will have some crazy good cocktails.

Prices are cheap for the creative delicious dishes this place is bangin' out. Great place for sharing plates in a casual environment. The service was on point and friendly. These are good people executing great food and I can't wait to bring everyone I know back to grub and rap with me! IT WAS ALL A DREAM. I USE TO READ.....
Yessssss. Yum yum yummy. Four stars only because you can't swig just yet, but once that happens, I'm sure I will upgrade. 

Tapas is my new favorite thing since moving to Vegas. What do you know, small plates aren't a hot commodity in South Dakota. Anyhow, I loved my meal with the beautiful Jaime W. and we noshed to our hearts' content. 

Chicken sausage sliders, yum. Monte Cristo with an egg on top, yum. Truffle tater tots? Among the best things I have ever eaten. Make the familiar strange by elevating low class food, and we will be forever friends. 

I don't have the biggest affection for the lemonade. I was expecting muddled herbs, and I could definitely taste them, but I wanted the crushed basil and mint leaves in my drink, you know? However, put a lil rum in there and all is forgiven. 

Can't wait to see how this place evolves. It's kind of hard to find. I drive by it every day to work and didn't even know it existed until Jaime brought it to my attention. It's in a strip mall with a Subway. If you reach Lee's Discount Liquors you have gone too far (well maybe not right now because of them not having their liquor license yet!). They are a friendly husband and wife couple who run the place. $3-15 per plate. 

Definitely give it a shot!
Nosh and Swig is a diamond in the rough.  After living in Vegas for years and getting tired of the continuous downfall of Firefly (not to mention longer waits due to more and more tourists frequenting it), I am always in search of tapas.  I love trying a variety of different foods and being able to share small plates with friends.  

Nosh and Swig fills this void in my culinary world!! The restaurant is hip and modern.  The staff (props to owners Steve and Laurie) is attentive and friendly.  Yet, most importantly, the food is amazing!  The menu is laid of by protein (or lack there-of since there is a vegetarian section) and it is filled with fusion flavors.  This could be overwhelming at a restaurant, but not here, because it is done right.  The portions are perfect for sharing and the prices are reasonable so you are able to taste a variety of foods and flavors.

Everything we tasted was delicious and it was almost impossible to agree on a favorite.  I can't wait to go back again and continue to sample and explore the menu (as well as the bar menu- they will be getting their liquor license soon!).
I am really in two minds about this place, a second visit will be needed, by then I hope they have the place running smoothly AND they take notice of a couple of reviews on here, mine and CF would be a good start.

We showed up early, just after 5, as the only customers in the place I was happy to be greeted and sat immediately.

The menu is ok, no where near as extensive as some Tapas places I have been to, but there should be a couple of dishes for everyone

The drinks, yep I have to agree here with CF, taking a thin glass, filling it with ice, then adding a very small amount of liquid isn't the way to go, design over use strikes again, you can get away with that if you are serving premium drinks, but these are not premium.

I really need to get this out of the way now, this place screams of an owner thinking about what he likes rather than what his desired customers would like. The seating looks good, but in reality isn't that comfortable and the music choice...Where do I begin, ok, they are aiming for a hip crowd, fair enough, but hip crowds also have kids, gangsta rap really isn't the best idea in the world, to be playing in a restaurant at 5pm, I personally can just block it out, but with the demographic of the area (predominantly older) yeah they may have issues....I totally get that a restaurant should be an extension of the owner/chef, but a neighborhood tapas place isn't the right venue....Anyways food for thought.

On to the important stuff, the food. :

There are some very good dishes, then there are some that I really just wanted to run in the kitchen, grab one of the iron skillets and smack the chef upside the head, just so I could get a clear picture of what he was thinking.

The sticky bun tacos, very nice, the pork belly pieces could have been a bit bigger, but overall a good dish.

Monte Cristo, certainly one of the gems, a great combination.

gai satay, I was in two minds about this dish, I love traditional satay, this is not a traditional version, but after my second piece I decided I liked it, leaving the skin on gives it a slightly different taste and a way different texture.

The Hodgepodge....Ok, this is the dish that had me almost running to the kitchen and is the main reason this place got 3 stars instead of 4 (well ok, hearing the F bomb dropped every 10 seconds for the first 20 minutes we were there also helped, but mostly this dish).

If you are going to open a Tapas restaurant, DO NOT BUY AND SERVE products purchased from US Foods or Crisco, the potato tots I can forgive in this respect, but french fries and sweet potato fries directly from the bag, you have got to be kidding me.

Make the fries fresh, it's easy to do, cheaper for the restaurant and they taste better. A way better dish would be just taking the tater tots by themselves, they tasted great, the fries tasted just like they had come from a bag, sad.

For dessert, well actually I was going to pass, but the cream cheese lote sounded good, so we decided to split it.....And there was the best dish of the night perfect texture, great taste, the only let down was the fork, it wasn't plastic, but it was one of those that are so thin, when you look at them they bend and in fact, ours did bend, yes a crepe (call it Thai flat bread if you like it isn't, but whatever) bent two forks....

This place has potential, but it needs a reality check or it won't be around long, the staff are pleasant, the service quick and friendly, this could be a great place with just a little thought put into it.
This place is legit! Im so glad something like this opened up in the area. Sticky bun tacos and the elotes are bomb! Cant wait to come back to try the rest. I see many good things for this place.
I was looking online for a new place to try and came across Nosh & Swig and wow I'm so glad I did.

 I had the sticky bun tacos super yummy I cant wait to go again and try something new! 

Family owned business great people and their food is amazing you need to give them a try!!
Excellent food!!!!! Kinda my style of cooking but above all, excellent service, but yes, servers need to work on punctual timing in serving everything according to service. Don't know if that made sense but would love to try the rest of the items. Fun place for my generation in music and laughter. If you're going to be old and bitter with a close mind, don't bother going, cause it's made for open minded people who loves food and laughs. I highly recommend this place to everyone though....
I was here last night, mainly to finally meet some Yelp friends for a UYE.  I've been to other UYE's, but never to one in Las Vegas (where I live).  There's a first for everything and had a great time sharing personal and Yelp stories with everyone.  5 Stars for the UYE, 4 Stars for the restuarant ambiance & staff, and 3 Stars for the food & prices. 

My Eats:
-Short Ribs (Beef):  This was my food highlight.  Dr. Pepper braised ribs that was so delicious.  Thanks Shawn H. for suggesting this.  You can smell and taste the Dr. Pepper with each tender bite.  The ribs are perfectly placed on top of Polenta Cornbread.  You have to eat this with fork to get the full experience. Their Short Ribs were worth the additional wait. Forgot to take a picture because I was so hungry by the time it arrived. 

-Bantam Burgers which is two beef sliders with white cheese.  I have actually had better.  Doesn't compare to 808 Tapas' sliders and messy for a slider. At least these were decently sized. 

-Fries and Tater Tots:  No my order, picked on Christina W's. Just okay, nothing special.  Better tots at Sonic's. 

Pros:
-Nice ambiance, wide open and not dark like some other tapas locations.
-TV by the kitchen bar so you're not missing the game.
-Not a busy restaurant. New and not many know about this place.  As a result, getting seated shouldn't be an issue.
-Service:  Even though there was a little snafu with one of my orders, they more than made up for it. Tons of employees for a average sized restaurant.  There's always someone available to take additional request and top your drinks off (i.e water, no booze). 
-Located on the east side of Las Vegas.  Not too many eats out here on the east side, Nosh & Swig is a change of pace

Cons:
-Parking.  Small parking lot up front with a handful only being 15 minutes.  Parking at the back is an alternative.
-Food is just okay for the price. 
-No swig at this joint.

There's still a lot more for me to try on the menu.  Still want to try their Monte Cristo, Steve-O Grilled Cheese, Smokey Poke, and Salmon Skewers. 

PS:
-Thanks Molly T. for putting this together
-Thanks Stephanie S. for pulling my leg to finally show up for my first Las Vegas UYE.
Great place! Staff is friendly in this family owned joint. I will be back. Make sure you try the short ribs. WOW! Amazing!
Thank you, Lonie. I appreciate you taking the time to reply. And you know my review wasn't malicious, just a factual accounting of how the visit unfolded. My brother's tip $? I wasn't aware, but I think that's how he expressed his feeling of also being non-plussed. 

Curiously, I did receive a Yelp "compliment" from a certain male related to Nosh & Swig soon after my review. This compliment simply stated, "You're a bitch." So you might want to check with your cook-husband (or other partners?) to see if they felt the need to reach out to me in that particular way. [Definitely not returning, now... Who knows what would befall my food.]

Lastly, I've had no less than 10 "thank you's" from fellow Yelpers regarding my review. Safe to say that I'm not alone in wondering where the overly generous 5-star reviews are coming from. Good yelpers aren't so easily impressed. 5-stars are rare, and usually hard-earned; saved for the highest level of culinary (and consumer) enjoyment.

Good luck and continue with the improvements. Make sure you let the good reviews happen organically and honestly. And maybe take the Yelp keys away from whomever thinks its ok to be nasty to us patrons.
UYE @ Nosh & Swig!

It was definitely nice to finally meet you guys, plenty of Yelpers to talk food and everything else for that matter!  So how does the food fare?

There were a lot of really good dishes!  Some of them were not so memorable though.  I will start off with the yummy ones!

1)  Dr. Pepper short ribs!  This was the reason why I came here!  Well, besides the Yelp meet anyways lol.  I had very high expectations, and it did not disappoint!  The meat is super tender, almost like pot roast, and pulled apart very easily with a fork.  The cornbread underneath was a very cool combination!  The only dish I considered ordering more than one, and every time I come here, it will be on my table!

2)  Monte Cristo!  Never had one of these before.. It was very yummy, with a fried over easy egg on top....a complete breakfast in a sandwich!  I will order this one again!

3)  PB&J was excellent.  Imagine a fried PB&J...it tastes even better than that lol.  This was one of the best dishes of the night...I will order this again.

4)We ordered the truffle tots by themselves...can't say how much it was, but it was cheaper than getting the whole sampler.  The tots are very salty, but still good in my eyes.  You can taste the truffle oil, but the cheese + salt was a little too salty.  I would still probably order these again.

5)  Dragon claws were cool.  It tastes like sushi wrapped into a jalapeno lol.  Fish tasted fresh and the whole combo works well.  Not sure if I will order again though.

6)  Pretzel bratz with chicken sausage was cool.  They were like sliders with pretzel bread.  I was soo full at this point, but it was a nice dish to order.  I might order it again.

7)  Smokey Poke was good.  The fish was nice and tender, tasted like sushi quality, but there was so much ponzu on there.  I really enjoy sushi, so you will probably like it....I just am used to enjoying the fish for themselves without being covered up.  I'd probably skip this one next time.

8)  Fondue cheese itself was great.....The sides were not so much.  One of the sides looked like hamburger bread lol.  Most of the others were too big or two long, so you had to cut them all in half or more.  The skewer sticks didn't do the job well, so we ate it all with the fork.  I wouldn't order it again.

9)  We tried the creme cheese lote too...didn't do much for me at all.  Barely tasted the creme cheese...it was pretty bland IMO and not an adjective I would use for a desirable dessert.  I would not order this again.

Service was decent, and dishes took around 10-15min from order to table, even with our large party.  Cool tapas place to check out, with a chic/trendy feel to it.

So now that I have written an entire book, I hope you check it out!
Look out Firefly, there's a new tapas place in town. Luckily for me, it's in my hood! 
To start, I've been reading the reviews on this place since day 1, yelp prompted me to my neighborhood goods. I figured the first 3-5 reviews were friends or family trying to hype this place up. Too good to be true type stuff. 
So Of Course when I heard about Molly's UYE, and with me recently becoming Elite, I was TOTALLY IN! My boyfriend joined me, and we arrived just a few minutes early. Overall the event part was great, and I love all my new yelp friends. 5 stars for that part no doubt! My nerves were quickly settled with everyone being welcoming. 
The food part was decent, and has potential to be really good. We ordered a monte cristo, good and filling but the ham inside was just eh. The chicken littles, very good. The sauce was unique and addicting. The tempura veggies. 2 outta 5. Not crunchy enough n a little mushy. The albondigas. GREAT, but more like over baked risotto balls to me. Either way, I'd order them again. I had the special, spicy noodle soup with tofu, a salty spicy ramen with a few veggies. The cookie-mon at the end was the best part, a gooey warm choc chop cookie with ice cream, YES PLEASE!  Also tasted the truffle tots and Thai jerkey of some other yelpers, enjoyed them both. I seen a few complain about the price but for all I mentioned as well as 2 of the watery strawberry lemonades, (yes the ones I should have listened and not ordred) but our tab was $45 and I thought it was priced great. One of the main reasons i will return actually. I hope this place works out it's few kinks and keeps up the good work. The employees were nice, the atmosphere was friendly. Excited to come again and see if I get the same attention as a stranger.
I'm definitely a fan of this neat little tapas place. We stopped by on a Saturday night at around 6pm for some dinner. There was no one else there so we had our choice of seating. We were warmly welcomed and promptly seated.

We ordered the Elote, Brûlée Salmon Skewers, Cock-A-Waffle-Doo and the Bacon-Wrapped Hot Dog Special. All of the dishes were presented beautifully and were very well-prepared. Everything tasted great, but the Cock-A-Waffle-Doo was a special treat. The cornflake crusted chicken, belgian waffle and blueberry maple reduction was pretty fantastic. 

The restaurant itself is a nicely decorated fun place to have a meal. Although, at the moment, it is a little difficult to locate. Hopefully they will acquire a well-lit sign in the near future so that they can be easily seen from the street.

In short, we will definitely be returning to try out all of their other dishes. They are worth a try if you like tasty foods!
We must have gotten very lucky with our picks (10+) because we did not try a single item that was not delicious. We shared sticky bun tacos, monte cristo, short ribs, smokey poke, dragon claws, paella, gai satay, cock-a-waffle-doo, korean bbq wings, and nutty popeye. My favorite by far was the paella, followed by the korean bbq wings. It was BYOB so we shared two bottles of wine as well. The staff was very gracious and accommodating despite the craziness of having several large parties to deal with. I am not thrilled with the aesthetics of the restaurant and the open kitchen concept, but to each their own. The restaurant did appear clean which is much more important to me. Although this is a great start, I hope the best is yet to come for this little restaurant as they perfect their recipes and bring in the swig.
Thanks to Molly T for organizing an UYE at Nosh & Swig, otherwise I might never get to try this new tapas restaurant with influences from all over the globe or maybe just a fusion of Las Vegas cuisine.

The restaurant is on the East side of town, in a busy strip mall.  Available parking spaces are oddly sparse.  The decor of the restaurant is kind of minimalist, with an open kitchen layout (but you will have to be seated at the counter right next to the kitchen to see the actions, otherwise you will only see the staff's heads as they go about their work).

I was able to sample a decent portion of the menu, as the best part of having tapas are sharing it with your newest friends.  The Monte Cristo (which others have recommended in their Yelp reviews) was great. The jam was the secret ingredient that made the dish over the top for me.  The Dragon Claws was delicious without packing too much fiery capsaicin power.  The Korean BBQ Wings, was good, but way too salty and really spicy for me. But the kimchi was good. Maybe I just needed some rice with that.  Food, overall was above average, but the best part about Nosh & Swig's menu is what they are not offering from the other OG tapas restaurant.

Service was admirably decent for handling huge parties, that were all clamoring (okay, maybe without the loud voices, the negative pushyness and protest signs) for the waitstaff's attention.  They were all very friendly and aside from a hiccup from here and there, the evening was fun.

Solid "A-OK", but I had a lot of fun meeting new people that I am bumping it up to Yay! I'm a fan!
3 and a half star to be honest. Went here for the first time as part of Molly T's UYE

Alright a little about me: My mom always told me that when ever we go to a buffet or a restaurant, look at the price of the item or the cost of the buffet and try to eat that much worth of food. 

With this programmed into me at a young age it's often hard to steer away from this mentality. Anthony M can vouch for this as he seems to believe i am capable of devouring everything in front of me at an alarming pace. So yeah with all this said, I do admit that i generally do not like tapas places because the portion sizes are way smaller then they need to be at entree prices. 

I do fully agree with Anthony M that Nosh & Swig deserves some extra kudos points for not being the cookie cutter run of the mill 'oh look bacon wrapped dates...oh joy bacon wrapped shrimp...' tapas places. Not that there's anything wrong with bacon wrapped dates and bacon wrapped anything. Just saying that after watching nothing but action movies where everything EVERYTHING has to in some way shape or form explode it's nice to break it up with a romantic comedy or two. Just sayin. That and before i get anymore complements it's Anthony M that pointed this out to me so the idea is not original i'm just agreeing with what he told me in person seeing as he hasn't written his review yet.

So i ordered the chicken and waffles because the Urban in me likes chicken and waffles. The price was decent (10 bucks). What came out was a standard sized waffle that wasnt too crispy but had a decent texture. The chicken was a de-boned thigh that was butterflied and stretched out to cover the waffle. Sauce provided was a blueberry reduction syrup like thing. A nice gourmet spin on an otherwise dangerously unhealthy comfort food. 

Overall my favorite were the dr pepper braised short ribs, nice flavor that wasnt too overpowering and very VERY tender. 

Seeing as i dont live on the east side, nor the north side, safe to say no where near the north east side; i just dont see myself going outta my way to go back to Nosh & Swing unless it's another UYE hosted by someone i know.

Would i recommend this place to people that do live in the area. Yes, yes i would as they're doing something new in the tapas scene. Hopefully next time i go back they'll have their liquor license and we can have some cocktails along with our finger food.



Yelp 100 - 004 of 100
I love tapas. And I love little locally owned eateries. So when Jaime W. invited me to Molly's UYE at Nosh & Swig, I was super excited to check out this new place.

Nosh & Swig offers up delish little plates of unique and interesting foods served up by warm and friendly employees. When we were there it was only Nosh, no Swig, but the owners were gracious enough to allow customers to BYOB. 

Located in one of the numerous, plain-jane strip malls around town, Nosh & Swig is one of those places you may just drive on by if you aren't looking for it. Inside, the area is split in half, with cozy booths and movable tables to sit at.  I personally enjoyed the classic hiphop playing in the background, it made for some great conversation at our table. 

I sat with Jaime, Candice and my husband, and we all ordered our own dishes but shared the majority of them.  Nosh & Swig is a little pricey for the serving sizes, particularly the drinks. I had a thai tea with boba ($3.50) but the cup was so small and there was so much ice, I only tasted 2 pieces of boba (my husband got a fantastic cup of french press coffee for $1.50 though). 

I started with one of the daily specials, a fruit gazpacho (Do not recall the price). It was light, cool and refreshing... and served up beautifully in a martini dish with a shaved melon flower as a garnish. 

I had a taste of the Pretzel Brats ($8) and was blown away, I had no idea that chicken sausage could taste so good!  The tiger cry ($9) was another standout. But my absolute favorite was the brie dawg ($6.50) which tasted as good as it smelled. 

Us ladies shared the Uni-cones ($6) for dessert, one of the owner served it to us and made sure things were tasty and service was ok. I personally thought everything was on point, even the slightly high prices weren't ridiculously high and besides... I'd rather pay a higher price to help a new locally owned business succeed then be a cheep ass and watch it fail! 

If you enjoy noshing and want to try something different then what you see at the  usual tapas joints, giver Nosh & Swig a try. (Probably wise to call and see what the liquor policy is first, in case they got their license and no longer allow BYOB!!)
The thing that got my attention while looking over Nosh & Swig's menu was the small plates style of eating.  Not tapas though, as this is not Spanish cuisine.  There are quite a few Asian influences throughout the menu, so don't expect your typical tapas mainstays like bacon wrapped dates and such.  After dining here a couple times, I've been able to sample a good spread of their menu.  In no particular order:

Aloha Tips: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=36qA9mbLAm4UzNJfqBz9SQ#36qA9mbLAm4UzNJfqBz9SQ)  They're kalbi short ribs, good but not the most amazing rendition of kalbi.  Comes with kimchi veggies and a spicy sauce to dip your tips.

Cock-A-Waffle Doo: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=Kbg2FSaGuUUHqISOeCtftg#Kbg2FSaGuUUHqISOeCtftg)  I'm usually not a chicken and waffles kind of guy, but this hit the spot.  The chicken was nicely fried and juicy, the waffle was a waffle.  But it came together good with the syrup.

Dr. Pepper Short Ribs: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=WcIitJmcgoImCuBXCkN-yg#WcIitJmcgoImCuBXCkN-yg)  Super tender!  I wish it came with more sauce, and another piece or two of cornbread, but these ribs were a winner.  Sharing is not a problem since the meat easily comes off the bone with just a fork.

Elote: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=7TuYpBuRIeP8Zc7al5oEIA#7TuYpBuRIeP8Zc7al5oEIA)  Wasn't a huge fan, it tasted like corn and cheese to me.

Monte Cristo: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=24ey0doywCMI3dz09FLNNw#24ey0doywCMI3dz09FLNNw)  Another winner!  Ham + gruyere + egg + berry compote = delicious.  The compote is on the side, so you can choose how sweet you want each bite to be.

Pretzel Brats: (Photo with Hawaiian Bun: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=ivFmmcFBhvZxQ3EpAb8xsw#ivFmmcFBhvZxQ3EpAb8xsw) (Photo with Pretzel Bun: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pWVunvvwXmNLmJ0F9MldQQ#pWVunvvwXmNLmJ0F9MldQQ)  The first time I ordered this it came on a Hawaiian bun because they were out of pretzel buns; no big, either bun works great for me.  The brats are chicken sausages, and the cheese gravy is delicious; that should be a dipping sauce.

I lied earlier.  I listed the dishes in alphabetical order, but I bet you didn't catch that.  It's okay, the pictures make for an acceptable distraction.

Overall Nosh & Swig has a lot of decent dishes, and a few really good ones.  As of mid-January they really should have just been called Nosh since they didn't have their liquor license yet.  I'm really interested in what their drink menu will consist of and how it will pair with their food.  For that alone, I'm sure I'll be back for more in the future.
Looked up the newly added businesses in town and i saw two things about Nosh & Swig that caught my eye, Tapas and east side of town. They wife and i ordered ALOT of food for the 2 of us but we didn't eat all day since we new were were going here. Everything we had had great flavors and was presented beautifully. There is so much more to try and I can't wait to go back! Service was outstanding and the staff and owner stopped to have a conversation with us.
Amazing tapas. Creative. Haven't had a bad meal.
We came here to check out the new tapas in town. Loved all the dishes we ordered. Our total bill is not that bad for three people. The food is awesome  as well as the service. Clean and unique. It's still a brand new restaurant and there are some things that still needs to be taken care of. But I just wanted to request, I hope they can make the serving glasses a little bigger.

Its nice to see a place like this to have a big impression as far as food is concerned, nicely put together. Good presentation and it tastes AWESOME!  I'm definitely
going back to see how they are doing and to check out other delicious foods. Congratulations Nosh & Swig, I am a fan.
This place has honestly taught me to never fall for a restaurant with barely 20 reviews, especially when 95% of them are all five stars, which is really hard to come by in the Yelp world unless you're friends with the owners or something.

Walked into the establishment and wasn't sure if it was open since no one acknowledged our presence. It wasn't until we asked the girl at the hostess stand if we had to sit ourselves, which was odd since there was only one other table sitting inside the restaurant around 6pm with more than five people on the floor. From that moment on, we had this weird vibe about the place knowing that the staff wasn't sure what they were doing, or had any knowledge when it comes to any type of customer service.

Next, let's talk about food. This place offers a variety of things and I like that. I mean, it's kind of what you would expect at a tapas restaurant, right? Reviewed the pictures on Yelp to double check what we wanted and decided to go with these:

Cock-A-Waffle: We honestly lowered our expectations since we're jaded with this famous concept from Roscoe's in Los Angeles but honestly, it was bland, dry and flaky. The fried chicken? Kind of similar to the fried chicken packs you could find in the deli section at Food-4-Less. The waffles? It was hard and tough. I had to drizzle my maple syrup all over the plate to soften it up a little then finally decided to call that my dessert.

Elote: On the menu it says that the corn are grilled, which we didn't even taste at all. It tastes as if they were just boiled while hiding that fact with random sauces and garnishes. That would have been ok if they didn't mention that they were grilled on the menu. But seriously, to mess up corn says a lot about a restaurant.

Dragon Claws: Their version of a Japanese popper. Probably the best thing that we've had there but doesn't even compare to the ones you'll find at any sushi restaurant.

We lost hope in this place and didn't remember the names of the last two items that we ordered. One was the bite-sized lasagna dish, served on top of a circular skillet plate and the other was similar to a steak bruschetta. Both were nothing special. Came to this place VERY hungry so you would think we would enjoy any kind of food but it turned out to be the exact opposite. Beverage glasses were thin and narrow so we didn't even get full off of water either and THAT was ok. We just wanted to leave to make up our experience with a better dinner somewhere else.

Maybe I'll give this restaurant another shot next year. Maybe then they'll finally decide to invest in an Aloha System so it doesn't take ten minutes to receive your check and ten minutes to process it (with a card). Maybe their staff will be better trained and knowledgeable about the menu as well so they won't have to disappear every now and then every time we would ask a question about a plate. Or maybe when this place has more than 100 reviews I'll reconsider this place again. Until then, I won't be coming back.
Every single item we had was really really good.

Ceasar salad (served in a very unique fashion)  check it out.  Those croutons!!

Sliders (called bantam burgers).  Two juicy servings, white cheddar all over, on the messy side, but well worth it.

The salmon skewers.  All I can say is so fresh, cooked to perfect moistness.  

The pork belly buns.  Three servings, the dish looks beautiful.  Extra points for not being oily.  I have seen many greasy renditions of this dish, and I like the version here.

Short ribs.  These are on the sweeter side if that is your thing.  Big portion, great price.  Tender, but still requires a knife to eat, if that paints a picture for you.

For desert, we got the cookiemon, a baked cookie topped with ice cream.  Can't really go wrong with this dish, it takes time to make, because it's cooked fresh.  

Highly recommended, owners are very endearing.  They care about you and the food they serve.
Cool atmosphere,  good music, friendly staff,  and pretty yummy food! Their mint and basil lemonade is so refreshing. We tried about 6 dishes and my favorite so far was the Sticky bun tacos. The bun was so light, pork belly melted in my mouth, and pickled cabbage was so crispy and full of flavor. I'll be back to try the Monte Cristo!
I never critique eateries but would give it negative stars if I could. I usually go to Firelfly, decided to try this out. They did not have any healthy fare items that I could see, food was mediocre with somewhat low prices. We sat next to a table that was getting lots of attention and service and ignoring other patrons. When paying the check I asked why and it turns out to be a family member of the owner. Firefly has superior menu items and excellent  service. The overall experience was tacky, Ill give it 6 mos.
The first time I've had deviled eggs and they were pretty tasty.  Everything i had was very tasty. The staff is very friendly. The mint lemonade was refreshing on a warm day like today and free refills.
It was a date night for me and my better half, so after reading from fellow Yelpers what great food was served at their UYE, we headed to Nosh & Swig to give it a try. 

Service - when you decide to eat early as we did, guess who ends up being your server? The owner! She was very attentive and informative, helping us decide what to order. We even had a discussion about Yelp, and she mentioned appreciative she was of Yelp, yet how it was very much a love/hate relationship between them. My boyfriend probably could've done with less talk and chitchat with our dinner, but I didn't mind. He perked up when the owner mentioned that he get a free refill on his Thai tea. Yes, please!

Atmosphere - Decor is very simple and casual. Music was playing pretty loudly as we walked in. As we were eating, the owner informed us she went and turned it down.  My bf and I like background music, but just that, in the background. We were there late afternoon, so it was pretty empty. I'm guessing it could get loud when it's busier, but we weren't sure what the ambiance normally is. 

Food - what did we order?

Sticky Bun Tacos
Smokey Poke
Frito Calamari
Tempura Veg
Elote
Lotsa Mozza

Every dish had great flavor. I've had a lot of poke in my days, I thought their version was okay. The Elote is grilled corn brushed with garlic butter, cayenne, and drizzled with cilantro pesto. Phenomenal! Yes, corn was that exciting! The Lotsa Mozza was recommended to us and it was delicious, herb cheese, tomato stacked on top of eggplant and polenta cake. 

Their menu definitely has me intrigued to visit again. We wanted to have room for dessert to try the Warm PB&J, but our tummies definitely said no. Next time :)
Great place!!! Can't wait to go again !!! Sticky bun Tacos & Truffle Tatar tots, a must order every time !!!!
Interesting menu for a tapas restaurant.  I have been twice now, and enjoyed it both times.  Some excellent items, such as short rib, crimini caps, salmon skewers, and aloha tips, but I would avoid the Monte Christo.  Undecided on the chicken and waffles.  The place is super casual, echoes of a diner.  But that fits with the neighborhood.  The price does not really fit with the neighborhood.  Plates average $6 to $10 each, with some higher, which was more than we expected, especially with less expensive tapas restaurants in nicer parts of town.  Staff is very nice, even changing the background music when we commented on the annoying rap music playing.  Will likely go back, if out of town friends come for a visit.
Was in Las Vegas for the three day weekend last week and our Vegas friends suggested we try Nosh and Swig for dinner.  We were up for anything new and we love trying different restaurants (especially ones that I can YELP about).

This Nosh and Swig is located in a shopping mall and the sign is not to big so you may miss it!  Drive slowly and carefully so you don't miss it because you'll regret it if you don't get a chance to taste their delicious bites! Parking was easy, right in the front with plenty of other spaces in the parking lot.

It was a Sunday night so there was only one other family in the restaurant and we got to sit in the booth in front of the bar and in front of the TV. 

Byron was our waiter! 

He brought out some herb/spicy popcorn for us to munch on as we looked through the menu.  Nom nom. 

Their menu is pretty cool, spiral style and easy to navigate based on type of meat.  Drinks and dessert towards the end.  

We ordered the following dishes:

1) sticky bun tacos (fried pork belly. pickled cabbage. ginger soy) - came with three tacos so if you have four people in your party, someone has to share!  Very delicious  
2) tiger cry (Thai beef jerky. sticky rice. nam prik) - very filling and they had a lot of meat in this dish! Just enough kick!  
3) smokey poké (ahi tuna. citrus ponzu. norichips) - a bit spicy but REALLY good! 
4) cock-a-waffle-doo cornflake crusted chicken. Belgian waffle. blueberry maple reduction - can you say OMG so GOOD! I really liked this one. 
5) baked & blazed (fusilli pasta. white cheddar sauce. provencal crust).  VERY DELICIOUS.  I couldn't stop eating this one.  The cheese is amazing in this dish
6) statefair waffle sandwich (waffle. vanilla ice cream. candy confetti. chocolate glaze. fun for everyone)  - WOW what a dessert.  This plate took me back to my childhood years and I feel like there was something for everyone in this dessert! 

Cons: They were out of the short ribs and BBQ wings (sad face)

I also got the mint and basil lemonade which was different AND good!  Not too sweet and I like the mint addition to this beverage! 

Overall, the customer service here was superb.  I really enjoyed the people and staff that worked here. You can tell they take time to prepare their meals and they have quality ingredients.  Byron was a great waiter and was super attentive!
We did not do any swigging, but plenty of noshing.

My friend and I ventured to Nosh & Swig at about 6 PM on a Thursday night. We were starving, having fasted all day and we were ready for tapas. I was also equipped with a $20 Groupon so we were ready to do some eating. 

The place itself has a "cool" vibe, with metallic chairs and tables. This is complimented by large sayings on the walls and interesting art work. The space itself though I felt was a little... "cold". I think if there had been more people there it would have felt a bit less that way. However, only one other person arrived during the time we were there.

This is what we ordered -

Smokey Poke ($8) - I love poke and this poke was quite good with, yes, a "smokey" flavor and some kind of sauce with a few potato chips served on the side. 

Pretzel Brats ($8) - Chicken sausage, pretzel bread, deliciousness. I LOVED this dish. I wish I had had two. I will be ordering it again.

Hodgepodge ($11) - Just as the name implies this came with french fries (eh), sweet potato fries (eh), tater tots (pretty good!), onion rings (yummy, light exterior, very good)

Dragon Claws ($7.5) - Spicay! I had one of the three because they were a bit spicy for my palate for some reason. Usually I'm all about spice, but just not tonight. However, for those looking for a kick - get these! Jalapeno. Spicy Tuna. Yum.

Dessert! We wanted the cookiemon - they were out. Nothing else was really appealing to us, so the waitress suggested the chef just whip us up some chocolate ice cream with chocolate chips on it. It was a nice end to our meal.

Customer service was fantastic. Our food came out quickly and our drinks were refilled numerous times. My card was accidentally run for the full amount of the meal instead of the price with the Groupon, but it was quickly fixed. I get it - sometimes stuff like that happens. And they even gave me a $10 gift card!

Awesome spot. So awesome it is on the East side. I love it and I will be back!
Went a few days after they opened...very good.  They were still in the process of getting everything together but recommend this place and the food.  Look forward to going back soon.
I wonder if I am just being negative tonight?  Oh, well, on with the review...

When we were first seated, we were served water in tall skinny glasses & seasoned popcorn in tiny buckets, very cute & unique.

We ordered 6 items and shared: Singapore Greens & Nutty Popeye (salads), Hodgepodge (a tower of fried treats), Diablo Eggs, Elote (a corn on the cob dish that I didn't try), and Smokey Poke.

Menu Link:
http://www.noshandswig.com/nosh%20and%20swig%20menu.pdf

The salads were served in mason jars with the dressing on the side.  The jars are so you can shake the salad with dressing; clever.  Both were tasty though the Singapore Greens need a protein to round out the flavor profile, IMO. 

The Hodgepodge consisted of pomme frites, tempura sweet potato,
truffle tots, & onion rings.  I liked the truffle tots, but a little overboard on the truffle oil & salt.  The presentation is a twisted & tiered tower; I posted a picture

The Diablo Egss are deviled eggs (obviously), pretty regular, a little on the salty side; there is a recurring theme, appearing here.

The elote was grilled corn in garlic butter with cayenne & topped with cilantro pesto.  I didn't try, sorry.

Finally the Smokey Poke; little ahi tuna blocks in citrus ponzu, garnished with norichips & some type of fried squash or potato slices.  Great presentation & flavor, but SALTY...

Ok, I broke down our food, now for service.  It was feast or famine: repeat visits in a short period of time or no one for many tens of minutes.  They were trying hard, I could tell, but they didn't appear to have any type of "table visit rotation" procedure. The waitstaff was friendly, regardless.

Finally, ambiance.  There were cute touches, like the sign for the bathrooms was a street sign called "Flushing Avenue", clever.  Decorations were sparse and the feel, to me, was that of a hipster automat.  I didn't mind it, but it also doesn't stand out.

I am hoping that all these issues are due to its relative age.  I will definitely try here again though it is FAR from my regular stomping grounds.  Great ideas & concepts, but spotty execution is my overall impression.  Oh, yeah, and salt.
I am a pretty harsh critic when it comes to food AND service combined to create an experience. I am giving Nosh & Swig 4 stars-- this is a VERY good review from me!!!I I bought a groupon cause I love small bites and apps and nosh's. From the starter of popcorn in cute little metal tins to a wonderful sweet blond waitress who had personality and an eagerness to please that i really appreciated! 
      The number one thing you should order is the Chicken polish sausage on pretzel bread..AMAZING!!!! The mushrooms were ok- just eh, they were out of a few items, the mac and cheese was to die for and out of the hodge podge...the o-rings and truffel tots were finished off completly! We didnt make it to dessert, but want to try the pb and j next time.
   I am so thrilled with groupon for including this place, would never have known they exhisted. Hope they do more offers, either way, we WILL be back!!!!!! GREAT atmosphere, good food, nice server..... I am very happy :)
I would like to say that everything here is NOSHtastic and SWIGalicious. 

This gem has been open for about a month. It's hard to find (especially at night) because they don't have an illuminated store front sign just yet. So keep your eyes open! 

The decor is modern. Clean and simple. There are smaller booths around the restaurant that seat 2-4. Large tables are available for bigger parties. There are an ample amount of high top bar tables that seat about 3 per table. Where the high top tables and booths are, you can see the open kitchen. It's a lot of fun to watch especially when they start pumping out their food. 

Their food is tapas style, so don't expect large dishes that fill you up with leftovers to doggy bag. Everything on their menu screams fusion. Can't really put a finger on what they're a fusion of so I'll say that they fuse flavors from all around the world! The menu itself is super adorable. They separate their items by categories: pork, beef, chicken, seafood, veggies, cheese and dessert. Within each category, they have around 7 or 8 dishes to choose from. 

Each plate is priced anywhere from $5 to about $12. I took my cousin and we were content after 4 dishes. And then we saw servers carrying plates of food to other tables and decided to order 2 more dishes. In part, this was a big mistake. We had no room for dessert and became overly stuffed. 

- Complimentary popcorn: What a cool way to substitute your average bread and butter basket! Perfect amount of butter. 
- Sticky Bun Tacos: Fried pork belly, pickled cabbage and ginger soy. The pork belly wasn't greasy. I personally think this dish would be better if the pork was shredded. Total of 3 small tacos. 
- Albondigas: Meatballs with salsa roja with sliced jalapenos. Even without the jalapenos, there's a kick of heat in the sauce.
- Brulee Salmon Skewers. Three pieces of salmon on a stick with a honey miso glaze and a side of warm Japanese cabbage salad. I thought the honey miso glaze tasted a lot like regular teriyaki sauce.
-Pretzel Brats: 2 mini sandwiches - chicken sausage with cheese gravy and sauerkraut on pretzel bread. This was my fave, hands down. 
- Cremini caps: Mushroom caps filled with asiago cream and caramelized onions. For all you mushroom lovers, this is a very yummy appetizer. I can sit and muNch on these babies all day.
 - Tater Tots with truffle oil and parmesan cheese: the tots are super crispy on the outside with a soft and tender potatoey goodness on the inside. Truffle oil taste on every bite. I can munch on these all day, too. 

Shout out to Groupon for making this trip possible! Although Nosh & Swig is clear across town from my house, I'll be back to nosh and swig some more.
I like the popcorn that accompanies every meal; it has an interesting seasoning. The ribs were delicious. I could've done without the paella. Great prices and variety.
A friend of mine invited us out to dinner here. We ordered the calamari, the fondue, the Monte Cristo, the short ribs, the Lotso Matzoh, and a few other things I didn't try. The Monte Cristo was the only thing I enjoyed - and credit where credit's due, it was fantastic. If that had been the only thing I'd ordered, I'd have given four stars. My wife said that the short rib meat was OK, but the sauce was burned. The calamari was so heavily breaded and soggy that it was just gross. 

Don't think I'll be going back.
I went here last night with my girlfriend, and we had a great time. Good food, unique setting, and decent service. Cool menu separated by type of meat. Easy simple food, with a kick of culinary expertise and creativity. 

Sticky Bun Tacos: 3 - 3 "tacos" wrapped in a soft doughy bread filled with pork belly. Dipped in ginger soy. They were very tasty. However, nothing special.

Nachos O'Brien - 4 - Very good! Got these towards the end of my meal, and was already pretty stuffed...but I couldn't stop eating these. The house potato chips were awesome, and smothered in pork and cheese. What more could a guy ask for?

Tiger Cry: - 5 - Thai Beef Jerky! I would have never ordered this had the waitress not recommended it. I like beef jerky, but why would I order it at a restaurant...for $9. Needless to say, it was the best thing I ate all night! Very tasty, tender, and full of flavor.

Smokey Poke: 4 - I love Ahi Tuna, and make it a point to order it from any menu I see. This was definitely a very unique twist on Ahi Poke. It was full of flavor, and drowning in a smokey, citrus sauce. 

Dragon Claws: 5 - A jalapeno popper stuffed with cheese and tuna?!?! Once again, not sure I would have ordered this had the waitress not recommended it. They were delicious, and had great presentation. Just the right amount of spice that could be put out with a cold beer. 

Brulee Salmon Skewers: 3 - The salmon skewers were just OK. They may have been better if I didn't already eat a bunch of really good food, but the salmon was tasty and smokey. Good flavor, but extremely loaded with salt!

Coack-A-Waffle-Doo - 5 - This dish was excellent. A fluffy belgian waffle served with a piece of corn flake crusted fried chicken on top, along with a blueberry reduction syrup. Sweet and salty perfection!

Overall, I give this restaurant a 4. I think they could have used one more waitress on the floor. A little slow at times with drinks, and checking on us...and it wasn't very crowded. 

I can't wait to go back, and try some other dishes...and get more Tiger Cry!
the food has great presentation but the decor is drabby and needs to be more lively with more style. the tuna poke was excellent as well as the cookie with ice cream. i would go back for more food to enjoy.
I love small plates, oh yes I do. I have wanted to try this place since they opened and once I saw the Groupon deal available, that cinched the deal. 

I came here with my mom and fella for an early lunch while we were running errands in the area over the weekend. Walking in the place was empty, but since it was so early, we cut them some slack. We were seated quickly, in a booth of our choosing. The table was a little wobbly, but ok. Perusing the menu, I was drawn to all the interesting and creative menu items. We decided to order quite a few different items and share them, which is what I love about small plate restaurants. Sharing is caring after all, y'all.

We tried the Nachos O'brien, Monte Cristo, Chicharron, Carne Asada Sliders, Sticky Bun Tacos, Elote, Pescado Frito and Singapore Greens. We clearly over ordered, but we were excited to try as many things as we could. The standouts to me were the Nachos O'brien, Chicharron and Elote. Everything was solid, but I would definitely steer away from the sandwiches and sliders next time. The Sticky Bun Tacos were tasty, but the bao wasn't the freshest I have ever had. I quite enjoyed the filling and would definitely order this again. The Chicharron and Elote were spicy and oh so tasty. The addition of tator tots was an interesting flavor added to the chicharron, but it was still really good. I could eat these two dishes all day long. Everything on the menu was really fun and innovative. I enjoyed the play on words and cheeky item names. You've gotta love food with a sense of humor.

Our server was incredibly attentive and came back with refills very regularly. If only their cups and glasses were a larger, more reasonable size, then she probably wouldn't have had to come back and forth with refills quite so often. There were quite a few cooks in the kitchen as well and all our food came out quickly and almost rapid fire at one point. My guess is because they weren't too busy, they were able to focus all their attention on us. Service was fun, food was great and I can't wait to come back with a larger party to enjoy some more of their fun cuisine.
Took advantage of the Groupon offer to try out this fairly new place located a few miles from LVBLVD in the Jacinta strip mall. It's a tapas style restaurant where they have an eclectic representation of international as well as American comfort style dishes served up in small plates. 

The menu is in a little flip type book organized by pages with header pictures of: Pork, Beef, Chicken, Seafood, Greens, Cheese, Desert and Drinks.  Also Vegetarian friendly dishes were indicated with V and color coded green on the menu.   It made it easier figure out and zero in what we wanted to try out. Thing is we wanted to try alot of dishes and it took a few minutes for Bonnie P. and I to decide what we wanted to have for lunch.  We  on settled on four of them which our server said was plenty enough to start out for both of us. 

What we NOSHed on:

Monte Cristo
Teri Chicken
Cock-A-Waffle-Doo
Baked & Blazed 

Fun presentation and not so small plates after all. The portion was enough for two people to share. (Well especially if you plan on ordering 2+ more small plates) 

My favorites: the Monte Cristo, loved the combo of the fried egg, ham with mild flavor of the Gruyere cheese oozing and the touch of sweetness of the berry compote. Also the Cock-A-Waffle Doo! The cornflake crusted fried chicken, meat was moist, had flavor and was juicy. Crust was crunchy and again a touch of sweetness with a berry maple syrup reduction.  I love the fusion of savory and sweet in these dishes! Both "small" plates I  I definitely would order again!

The Baked & Glazed and Teri Chicken also pretty good.  The fussili pasta was cheesy and made the perfect comfort food dish and also vegetarian friendly! The Teri Chicken was grilled and I like the garnish of crunchy won ton strips.

We made room for dessert and chose the "cookimon'" which was a cookie baked right into a mini cast iron pan. So that little sucker was warm and the chocolate chips slightly melted and topped with vanilla ice cream and whip cream.  Kinda reminded me of BJ's Pizookie! The Cream Cheese Lote, which is the version of Thai flatbread was more like a crepe but rolled up. It was spread with cream cheese, rolled up and drizzled with a simple vanilla sugar glaze (Creme Anglaise)

Service was great! Our server was really sweet and friendly. She truly liked and believed in the dishes she serves up and shared with us what she had tried out as well. Just a minor issue of check when presented, Groupon discount was indicated on check but not deducted..brought it to attention of our server who corrected it right away. 

We were there during the dead zone hour between lunch and dinner so it wasn't busy much.  Two other parties were just finishing up and a large party was setting up towards the end of our meal.  Our dishes came out paced at the right time, there was no awkward long waits between the dishes . 

The atmos was casual with tunes of the likes of Bob Marley playing in the background. Our lunch ended up being an enjoyable two hours. Stars for creative dishes, fair value and portions, good service, and fun place!  I shall return to NOSH again!
This tapas style restaurant is located in a very unassuming little strip mall along E. Flamingo.  Blink your eyes and you might miss it because of the small sign outside the storefront.  But try NOT to miss it because it's GOOD! 

I was immediately greeted by the chef in the kitchen and the server.  I told them I was waiting for a friend (shoutout Shirley B) and the server sat me with a menu asked if she could take my drink order.  

When Shirley arrived we were mulling over the menu, which has a large assortment of small dishes.  The server was super nice and offered to help answer questions about any of the meals.  Her enthusiasm for the restaurant and the food was infectious - I was, like, so excited to try a million dishes!  She also gave us advice on how much to order and if we hadn't listened to her we surely would have had way too many leftovers.  She started us out with a little bucket of sweet & salty popcorn.  Sweet and salty anything is like a dream for me.  Also, big ups to her for keeping water filled the entire time.   

We had quite the variety at our table.  Cock-a-Waffle-Doo, a cornflake crusted fried chicken on top of a waffle served with a blueberry maple syrup reduction, was not only adorably named but a fun and delicious dish to eat!  Baked & Blazed, a fusilli pasta with white cheddar cheese was a mac & cheese dish to die for.  And not small by any means!  These are just a couple of dishes among others.  

For dessert - COOKIEMON!  Warm chocolate chip cookie made mushy and delicious when topped with vanilla ice cream.  How can you beat this simple but savory dessert dish?

Simplistic/modern but colorful decor that almost feels like it's missing something.  There are cubes on the wall near the kitchen and you can see the holes where a couple of them are missing.  I'm not taking off stars for that but I just feel like this place needs something to make it "complete".   Mixture of low and hightop tables and booths in a larger dining room than you imagine from the outside.  I loved the music choices but every now and then I would "tune in" and hear Bob Marley.  I LOVE Bob Marley but maybe a little more variety?  Once I noticed Reel Big Fish was playing.  Cool haha, don't hear that every day.  One small snag when Shirley B. presented her Groupon.  The groupon was written on the check but not reflected in the total.  She sorted it out right away with no hassle.  I read in another review that someone else had this small issue.  Hmm.  

This place overall will have me coming back because there are so many small dishes that I have yet to try!  Great place to come with friends and split a variety of plates so you can dig into all of them.
Disappointed & got food poisoning. After seeing my fellow Yelper reviews, I had to try this tapas place.
A little bit out of the way but cool funky atmosphere. Empty when we came in but figured it was still early...5:30pm.
Ordered smokey poke: very good ahi and sauce was nice.
Dr. Pepper short ribs: not a fan as they were fatty and could have used more sauce. Corn bread polenta was ok. Mentioned the fattiness of the short ribs to waiter with no remedy offered.
Elote: wish they're was a little more punch to their flavor.
Cock a waffle do: would have preferred white meat chicken and more seasoned crust. Blueberry reduction & waffle was good.
Dragon claws: good...spicy tuna inside jalapeño with a spicy aioli. 
Tiger cry: best thing on the menu. Thai beef jerky had a lot of flavor, but did not come with true Thai sticky rice or they didn't cook it the right way.
For an "ok" meal, bill including one drink came to $75 with tip. Made us wish we would have gone to AYCE sushi or Fireflies for better tapas.
But at least I can scratch this one off my list.
I came in for a meetup event and they had a set menu because we had a group of 20 people or so. 

It started out with flavored popcorn on the table presented in a 3 tier display. It looked really cool and something I would have never thought of for popcorn. 

They do have a diverse drink menu and I really enjoyed the Elderflower cider. It was nice a white wine spritzer. 

The first course was the spinach salad and it came out in a Mason Jar. The ingredients are all in the mason jar,  you add in the salad dressing, shake it up and pour into your bowl to eat. Definitely an interesting and fun presentation but I would have liked more salad. 

The next course was Cocka waffle doo. I liked the fried chicken with the sauce and would totally order it again. I have no comment on the waffle because I didn't eat it. 

The dessert was the cream cheese lot'e, which is like roti with cream cheese in the middle and warmed in sticky syrup. I am not a fan of cream cheese so I squuezed as much out as I could, but still did not like it because the  roti roll was way to hard to cut and eat. Like chewing beef jerky. 

In addition, I ordered the Smokey Poke. That plate was awesome because the tuna was fresh and the flavors did not overwhelm the fish. It was also a generous portion.
Took the whole family to eat here and we all loved it! Very cool looking restaurant inside and very laid back atmosphere. We tried several dishes and everything was delicious with a unique twist. For instance, the salads come in a big mason jar and you put the dressing inside and shake it up! Things that stuck out in our minds were the mac n' cheese, which is insanely good and the fried PB&J dessert...bliss. To me, the only thing I wished was different is how far they are away from me, but they're well worth the drive.
This is a very new restaurant and has a lot of potential to be very popular and great! My friend and I got groupons for it, but that was after the fact we decided on coming here so it wasn't necessarily the groupon that attracted us to it. 

The location is in an odd part of town and in an odd complex, but I was able to find it just fine. When we entered there was only one other party seated there, a table full of teachers on a Friday night. It was kind of funny! 

The decor is modern, clean, and diner like with booths, high tables and chairs, and solid colors. The menu is full of amazing items! Served tapas-style so they are pretty small portions, but quite filling. 

My friend and I were awed by the selection. The menu categorizes the tapas so it was easy to pick and choose from each page. 

We had the aloha Tri tips, the two chef's specials items of the night, which were tomato cream soup in a cute coffee mug with a mini grilled cheese sandwich on the side and deep fried cheese/rice balls (so delicious!), we also had the seasoned/herbed corn on the cobs, Mac and cheese, chicken bites, and also tried their mango moscato! So sweet and yummy, tasted like juice. 

Our bill came out smaller than expected considering we felt like we ordered everything on the menu and with tapas the price always seems to add up, so it was a nice surprise in the end. 

I have another groupon here I need to use so you know I'll be coming back!
I want to really like this place since it's such great concept and menu...I just think it needs a little more work execution wise.  The prices were great and they had a great beer/drink menu as well as having a clear categorized menu by pork,beef, chicken, vegetable...etc.  We went through almost each page ordering 1 item to try to hit as many things as we could.  Unfortunately I think most of the items needed a little more work.  

What we ordered:
Pork: Sticky Bun tacos
beef: tiger cry
fish: dragon claws
chicken: cock-a-waffle-doo
vegetable: tempura veg
cheese: 
dessert: cookiemon

out of what we ordered I think the dragon claws were the best, I would like to give this place another chance since the menu sounds very interesting and I think they have a lot of potential, no rush but definitely worth a second try at least.
FRESH AND TASTY!!!!!! The layers of flavor on all the dishes I ordered were unbelievable. The food speaks for its self. This is a restaurant  I can see myself eating at least once a week.  I gave Nosh&swing 5 stars based on the food its self. Nosh&Swing is a must eat at.  I'm really happy they opened in my neighborhood.
We had the groupon and came late for lunch on a Tuesday.  The place was nearly empty, only one other table dining, but it was about 2:45.  I tried the basil mint lemonade, but it wasn't for me.  It had too much basil, not enough mint, and the basil overpowered the lemon flavor.  I just got the regular lemonade, which was good.

They bring you popcorn while you are looking at the menu, and it's GOOD.  I don't know what they put on it, but it seems like garlic powder and a bunch of other seasonings.  I bet it's crazy good when it's hot.  We ate 2 things of it.

To eat, we had 4 dishes:  the monte cristo, the short rib, the chicken littles, and the ricotta roll.  My favorite was the monte cristo, it was perfectly crisp, they use corn flakes in the batter.  The egg on top was over medium, which I prefer, I don't usually like eggs ALL the way runny.  It had excellent jam underneath.  I absolutely will get this again.

The short rib has a Dr. Pepper glaze.  This was too sweet, and overpowered the dish.  But, the short rib was perfectly cooked, very tender and easily pulled off the bone.  The dish needed salt and pepper to balance the sweetness.  But, after that was added, it was another winner that we will order again.

The ricotta roll was a miss for me.  This is basically fancy baked ziti.  The sauce needed garlic, it lacked flavor.  They serve it in a cast iron dish, which keeps it hot to the point it was hard to eat.  

The chicken littles were solid, you get a good portion for the price.  The sauce was more sweet and sour and not quite as much BBQ as we were expecting, given the menu mentions both.  But, it was solid.

All in all, very good prices, and a comfortable restaurant.  There were many other dishes we want to try, so we'll be back.
Amazing food!!! Great service... knowing its a locally owned , family ran , mom and pop shop!!! It blows away the competition....
I really liked this place. The small plates they have are so interesting and they have so many different options from all over the map.There is something for everyone here. You can even find more health conscious items to go along with the more unhealthy menu items. My favorite was the chicken bites. Really good flavor and I like the monte cristo. We'll be back, even without a coupon.
What do you get when you cross fast food with tapas? Why, nosh & swig, of course!

This place has some of the best tapas in town, yet its hidden away in a little shopping plaza that disguises it. 

The food here was SO good! Very creative  mixing of ingredients. For instance, the fish sliders had a kind of a creamy coleslaw on them that was so good i ate every bite, and i dont even like coleslaw!

We tried a variety of foods as it was our first time here. ALL were delicious. 

Here they are: 

Short ribs: tender and delectable. 
Catfish sandwiches: WOW 
Chicken wings: crunchy and nice&BIG 
Vegetable tempura: again, WOW! Ive never seen my veggie-hating hubby clean a plate of vegetAbles faster! PERFECTLY cooked. And the SAUCE! Again, WOW!
Dragon poppers: stuffed jalapenos. I dont normally like spicy but these were GREAT!
Tempura fried pbj for desert : this and the fish were the most memorable things about the meal. SOOOOOOOOOO good!

All this for about $50!!!!!! What a value! 

Plus Both of us thought the
service was top notch. Very attentive, our drinks were never empty, and the girl had a sense of humor, which is always appreciated :)

Yes, i give em five big fat stars!
Visited N&S for lunch earlier this week.

I remember this space back when it was catfish alley.  I thought the location was a little odd  still do now but i like that it's a couple trying to live their dream.

As to the food ( since my friend was on a work lunch break, i did not look at the drink menu ) 

The space looks nice.  I like how the menu is set up.

We ordered nachos o'brien, the short rib, meatballs, monte cristo.  Total bill was $46.  Given the serving sizes, i'd say a little pricey.

The food was served quickly but the nachos and meatballs were lukewarm.

The flavor ? 

The meatball sauce was tasty - had a Little bite.  The meat was a little chewy - i think it could use a little more fat, just a little.

The nachos were unremarkable - the sauce was too lumpy/coagulated.  

The short rib was tender with nice flavor.  The polenta "cake" cold and firm.

pretzel brats - nice flavor but a very small portion for the $$ ( $8)

I want to like this place - i like the menu options but my sense it's an execution issue.

I will definitely try again - probably at dinner to see if the food is prepped differently.

pics attached
I debated updating my review to remove a star because I really enjoyed Nosh & Swig on my first visit and I want to see them succeed. I actually decided to contact Nosh & Swig management via their website before writing this update... and only decided to write this update because I never received any sort of response.

My second visit to Nosh & Swig was nothing like the first. It seems that the word is out, perhaps due to the month-long Groupon promotion, because the place was packed and it certainly seemed to impact the service we received. As I was looking around (usually to find a server to refill my drink) I noticed the vast majority of those seated near us had Groupons on their tables. 

The complimentary popcorn that others mentioned, and that we received on our first visit, was not offered this time around. Other reviewers have mentioned a drink menu... And I noticed that back in January, of of the owners of Nosh & Swig responded to a review here on Yelp stating they received their liquor license.... Now it would have been nice to see the drink menu, but again, we were not offered it this time around. Sure, I could have asked... and would have if our server had come to our table in a timely manner. Instead, we waited about 10 minutes and just ordered normal drinks and a few food items. 

Every item we had on our first visit was delicious. Sadly I can not say the same about the second time around...   Perhaps we should have just ordered more of the items we knew we liked? I had tasted the pretzel brats on my first visit and enjoyed them so I decided to get an order. The cheese gravy was overpowering, but once I scraped the majority of it off the brats were as tasty as I remembered. The carne asada sandwiches were pretty good but not outstanding... The teri-chicken tasted like it was made with low quality meat, we left over half of it untouched. The chicken littles would have been a lot better if they were less sweet and more tangy, again we left a decent amount of these untouched. 

I was prepared to order dessert but again, after waiting far too long for our server to come around I decided to skip it. Nothing we ordered was so bad that it warranted a complaint, but it was surprising that the server didn't ask how it was, considering how much of it was left untouched.

I hope to try Nosh & Swig again after the Groupon hype dies down. Hopefully the service will be better then?
This place is so awesome. The food is amazing and perfect for drinking afterwards. There's a mixture of foods from all kinds of backgrounds. It's a place to take 10 people and just pig out and maybe throw a birthday bash and have the whole place to yourself. I hear they are going to have live music there too on some nights.
Located in a very modest shoping center, the chef/owner of this new restaurant is offering unique small plates that hit only high notes.  

We started off with Elote (3 pieces of grilled corn on the cob with garlic butter, cayenne and cilantro pesto) and nachos O'Brien (house made potato chips topped with peppered pork, Dublin cheddar cheese and tomatoes).  On the second round we opted for paella served in a cast iron pot and Singapore greens.  The latter combines romaine lettuce, crispy noodles, and stir fried veggies and is served in a mason jar to which you add tamarind vinaigrette before shaking and serving.  Everything was delicious so we will undoubtedly be returning. 

A rating of 4.5 would be appropriate.
Nosh & Swig was pretty empty when we popped in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. We were shocked with how dirty everything was. The tables had cleaning rags on them, there were crumbs all of the seats and in the nooks and crannies (like it had been there for months), and there were staples coming out of the damaged seats. Aside from being just yuck, I was worried that my 4 year old would get poked by the slew of ragged loose staples hanging out of the upholstery. 

The food was just meh...nothing to write home about, but it was definitely kid friendly. Minus the seat issues. Lots of heavy, heavy food items and what we ordered didn't seem that fresh. The service was decent, if not a little slow. 

Overall, bummer...I was hoping this place would be a fun new modern tapas place for me to frequent.
Last summer, I was initially really excited about the opening of Nosh & Swig after the owners were the very ones to tell us about the restaurant they were opening.  We waited and waited and bam, they finally opened.  We were further pumped as friends and fellow yelpers were loving them right and left.  We decided to wait a little while since it's on the other side of town for us, and a Groupon appeared.  I thought this was a sign that we better go check them out soon.  We did attempt to go on a Monday before realizing they were closed on Mondays.  But alas, we finally made it.

The waitress/owner gave us a little pail of complimentary sweet popcorn, which was a nice treat.  She even provided a toy for the Little Guy to play with, although she didn't bother bringing a plate, napkin, or utensils for him until I requested it.

* chicharron "crisp pork belly, salsa roja, cucumber feta pico" ($7) - When digging through this dish, I thought I found myself a huge portion of pork belly.  Imagine my disappointment when I bit into it and realized it was a tater tot.  Wtf?  The Husband thought maybe one just happened to fall into our dish, but realized that there were definitely tater tots all over.  I thought maybe they put that in as a filler because there was no mention on the menu or in anyone else's review about tater tots in this dish.  I felt this was rather misleading...why call it chicharron when there wasn't a whole lot of it there?  And looking at some of the other pics from previous diners, it looked like they got way more chicharron than we did.  We did get lots of green onion on top to cover the look. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A

* lotza-mozza "herb cheese, polenta cake, eggplant, melted tomato" ($8) - This was a hard dish to cut up and share.  It was alright, except the polenta was more on the sweeter end than savory, which was what we were expecting. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#bKXEGe37z9Ngf51yMSUejg

* pretzel brats "chicken sausage, pretzel roll, cheese gravy, sauerkraut" ($8) - The sausage was tough, although it was the Husband's favorite of what we ordered.  We would have liked a nicer mustard though.  I could hardly taste the sauerkraut in mine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#LEvUquseM9C-4fp92fupfw

* charred beef crostini "coffee dusted beef, horseradish mousse, guyere baguette" ($5.50) - I watched as the Husband went to take a bite and ended up putting the whole thing back down on the plate. The beef was way too tough to bite off and had to be cut with a knife and fork.  It was way too large to be a one bite crostini.  Other diners posted pics of getting four portions while we only got three.  They also got some sort of leafy green on theirs and we did not. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#s5_TIPie29f7oyj2M8RPBQ

* statefair waffle sandwich "waffle, vanilla ice cream, candy confetti, chocolate glaze, fun for everyone" ($8) - I had seen photos of this from the very beginning and was stoked about getting it.  It didn't look as grand sadly enough.  We only got one waffle cut in half versus those who got 2 waffles.  We had one regular scoop of pink ice cream and a cone whereas others got more ice cream.  And there weren't any marshmallows as other pics showed.  It lacked the wow factor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#051tAtnhzaJbOlsBSM5BNg

Yes, we ate it all because we were starving.  The Husband went home and had some ramen because he was still hungry but wasn't interested in ordering more here.  It was a Sunday evening and there were a handful of other parties there.  A few more did arrive during our visit.  Water glasses were huge and we got a pitcher to refill ourselves, so there was no shortage of liquid available here.

I wish I had come in the beginning stages when they were more generous with their portions.  I think their food lacked consistency from what other diners got.  I understand that it's always different in the beginning and changes are bound to happen, but getting less food shouldn't be one of those changes.

I do love their clean design and font.  I think the menu is pretty clear cut, and the theme is good.  But the food just wasn't there for me on this visit.

2.5 stars.
I've heard so many good things about Nosh & Swig and I finally got to try this place.  We came here on a weekday for lunch and there was nobody which was perfect since I heard they're packed at night.  It's a tapas place that serves American, Asian, Mexican and Italian bites.

CHATTA EFF UP: Mexican horchata meets Spanish horchata. Cinammon-y taste of Mexican horchata with the graininess of Spanish horchata.  It was the perfect drink for all the food we got. 5/5

CHICHARRON: for $7, you get a bowl of crispy pork belly with cucumbers, feta, tomatoes, beans and tots.  This was my favorite item on the menu.  It was a great play on different flavors and textures. 5/5

MONTE CRISTO: fried sandwich with ham and gruyere cheese.  Their version has corn flakes, fried egg on top and strawberry puree. 4/5

RIB STACK: Shawn recommended this dish since it's his favorite.  Pork ribs braised in Dr. Pepper served with corn bread.  Honestly, it was too sweet for my taste. But the pork was so tender. 3/5

POMME FRITES: it tastes like the fries I make at home so it's not something special. 3/5

TRUFFLE TOTS: I enjoy anything with truffles/ truffle oil. This was a bit lacking in truffle flavor but it was still good.  4/5

WARM PB&J: fried PB sandwich sliced into 4 pieces dusted with powdered sugar. You dip your sandwich in jelly, chocolate syrup or cream/condensed milk that are on your plate. 5/5

The service was excellent.
When i think of "Nosh & Swig", I think of noshin' on a fat juicy drumstick and swiggin' some red wine in a golden chalice filled to the brim as crumbs and spillage trickles down my royal beard.. if I had a royal beard.  Nosh & Swig satisfied my  kingdom hunger minus the golden chalice and.. the royal beard of course.

I'm a sucker for venues that are inventive, unique and full of fanciful character. This was my first impression of the newby on East Flamingo that fixed up tantalizing tapas with inspired flavors that range from mexican, to japanese, chinese, thai, hawaiian and soul food.  

The service we received upon walking in was on point: Welcoming, confident and observant.  Noticing that we had kids in our party, they immediately supplied the lil' buggers with magnetic doodle pads which kept them occupied.  In no less than 5 minutes, out comes our bread and butter.. Except it wasn't bread and butter, it was a small pail of kettle corn.. Amazing idea!  It's the little things that make a big difference.

We open the pop artsy menu to find a pandora of dishes that go beyond the box of normality.  We travel the road often taken by ordering what other yelpers have suggested.  Mind you, the venue is "tapa-centered", so portions can be small, but it definitely did not lack in flavor.  On our list of goodies were: The Elote, Smokey Poke, The Monte Cristo, Baked & Glazed, Cocka-waffle-doo, Steve-O Grilled Cheese and two huge mason jars filled with Chata-effup and the Mint & Basil Lemonade.  I could have done without the Chata-effup (Shut the F up.. Didn't get it at first) but I couldn't have done without the Cocka-waffle-doo!! It was my fave among the list.  This dish can be slightly compared to frosty flake crusted waffles with fried chicken and a dash of dyslexia!  No, no, no.. this time the chicken was covered in frosted flakes and the waffles were left the F' alone.. Thats what I'm talkin' 'bout!  ..and the berry reduction that drenched the waffles made it all the more soul seductive.. And on top of that, they had "Passin' Me By" by The Pharcyde playing in the background, such a great pairing!

Nosh & Swig is my definite come back until I try everything on the menu and then some.  I hope they do well and open numerous chains around the state and still manage to keep it real!
Delicious.
Friendly staff.
Did I say delicious?

Ok, so this restaurant is sort of in a weird location- but I'm glad that we came.  My husband and I went for lunch and I want to go back for dinner!  And hey, you can't deny the charm of a family run business.  I hear the owners are a husband and wife team.

We had a bunch of items on their menu. The monte cristo, lotsa mozza, chicken and waffles, aloha tips, chicharron, and the state fair.  I enjoyed every dish and every bite. 

If you don't live by Nosh & Swig, make the drive.  It will be worth it.
OMGosh what a fun restaurant from the Decor to the Delish menu item and the specials they have from time to time, not to leave out the great dish presentation...and now "Drunch" on Sunday...I was there last Sunday and will be back this Sunday...you must go and try the "Drunch"
It's a good thing I had a Groupon for this place, because I would have been really sad paying any more than I did. For being in the part of town it's in, demanding the prices it does for tapas - the bar is way too low.

The interior is simply a place with tables in it. That's all I have to say about that. They tried to pull off a new trendy look - but they should really look at Eat downtown for inspiration.

The service was a little slow but friendly. Nothing noteworthy here.

As for the food, I tried the chicharron, Thai beef jerky, the Monte Cristo, and paella. I'm not sure why this happens at all tapas places I've been to, but why is everything served so lukewarm? Nothing seemed that fresh. The chicharron, for example, was looking dry and didn't taste like much. The Monte Cristo is the most expensive piece of fried white bread (with a piece of ham) you'll ever have. The paella is, again, the most expensive rice and two shrimp you'll ever have. The only thing I may have enjoyed was the Thai beef jerky. It tasted good, but came out nearly cold and maybe too dry for something made to order.

Yeah. There's really no point to this. You can do better.
Yawn.

First impressions are important, and the first impression I had of Nosh & Swig was the distinct smell of sewage in the air upon walking in. I don't know if a pipe burst in the back or what, but their feeble attempts to cover it up by burning incense did not work.

We eventually got used to the stink cloud and were seated in the nearly empty restaurant. To be fair, it was 9 p.m. on a Tuesday. Considering that there were almost no other tables to take care of, the service was acceptable, but not great. I would describe the food similarly.

Everything was served lukewarm. The waffle in our Cock-a-Waffle-Doo (try and order it without sounding ridiculous) was completely unheated - and no where was it mentioned that the chicken is entirely dark meat. The Nachos O'Brien were VERY tiny, even by tapas standards, and bland, bland bland. I couldn't pick up on the "coffee dusting" that  supposedly coated the beef in the crostini, and the "artisinal breads" in the fromage fondue were more like day-old scraps.

The menu that Nosh & Swig has put together sounds so delicious when you read it online. Once you arrive in the restaurant, though, you see that the execution just isn't there.

If Firefly is at the top of the Las Vegas tapas ladder, Nosh & Swig is near the bottom. Such a shame, too, because it sounded like it had so much promise.
If this restaurant was on my side of town, I'd become a regular for sure.  Come here to try something out of the ordinary.  I came here originally with a Groupon, but would happily be back for normal prices which are slightly cheaper than Fireflys.  
Speaking of Firefly's, give Nosh and Swig a shot if you want to help with a smaller tapas bar than the local chain that hasn't had major health code problems recently.
Yummy! yummy! yummy! 

The location is not ideal, but the food is absolutely perfect! It's tapas style, so you're encouraged to share, or to order a few plates for yourself.

I had the Caesar Salad, which was actually a very large portion. The corn was bathed in cheese and herbs, making it juicy and delicious. The beef was tender and well seasoned.

I haven't tried the Dr. Pepper ribs, but I hear they are amazing. I will have them for my next trip, because I will definitely be back for a next trip.

The location is small, and I imagine it can get crowded in the evenings. We went for lunch so it wasn't a problem. The service was also a little slow, again not too bad at lunch, but can cause issues if the place is packed.

I know they are the new kids on the block, so I'm giving them a bit of leeway. I'm hoping they work out the technical issues fast because the food definitely has no issues at all.
Nosh and Swing got lots of good reviews when it first opened and I was excited to try it. A Groupon was released for it a few months after opening, so I bought it and ate there a couple months later. In short, it seems a place that doesn't know what it is while trying to be everything at once. It's a place where they try their best to be bold and playful and modern all at the same time and it all clashes in a way that is confusing to the palate. Think of all the recent culinary trends...small-plates for sharing, pork belly bao, bold cooking with bacon, clever names, etc...this place tried to do all of it.

First, the environment. It's in a pretty run-down strip mall. Once you go in, the space feels cold and uninviting due to the metal on the walls and the metal tables. The items on the menu made no sense being together. They had pork baos (on the menu as pork bun tacos), some asian-inspired chicken wings, ceviche, albondigas (meatballs), fried elote, monte cristo, carne asada sandwich, etc. I had the waitress just bring us her favorites because I had a really difficult time trying to figure out what I wanted.

We tried two drinks. The "chata-effup" (a spiced cinnamon rice drink which is essentially horchata) and the Mint & Basil Lemonade. The lemonade was decent, but the chata-effup was pretty watered down, making it very unsatisfying (imagine a half-milk-half-water blend). The drinks were served in large mason jars. Again, completely unnecessary. Why am I being served my drink in a mason jar? Nothing about Nosh and Swig indicates a reason for mason jars. It's just being done because it's "cool".

The food was okay, but not great. The best thing we had that day was the Cornflake-breaded fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was well-fried and the waffles were decent. The only flaw was that it came with a blueberry sauce which was a lot more watery than I'd like (it just soaks into the waffle and makes it soggy). The other dishes all missed the mark in some form. The pork bao tacos really needed something to brighten up the taste a bit. It was a very flat and muddled in flavor. Same for the ceviche. The ceviche had soy sauce and a few other sauces that made it a very salty dish, yet it was in desperate need for some acid. The monte cristo was completely lacking in any flavor and had way too much bread for what little was inside.  For the poor quality and the small portion sizes, Nosh and Swig is vastly overpriced.

We skipped dessert because we were pretty disappointed in our meal. In the end, we paid just over $50 for two people (2 drinks, four dishes) and left trying to think up a place to go to dessert to lift our spirits. I was very annoyed at the whole concept of the place and the food did not make up for it at all.
Went there tonight with a friend, only heard about the restaurant because I had a groupon. Very friendly and attentive staff. We ordered a bunch of plates between us, the salami as well as the cheese plates, the deviled eggs, the corn on the Cobb, a salad ( that came in a jar), and we each had a drink. Everything was unique and delicious. I especially liked the lychee pearls in the drink. I will definitely be back.
Really good food ! All The tapas i had excellent ! The location no to good .. But The food worth it . The staff really nice they seem a little distracted but its a New business so its ok .. Anyway i Will  come back for sure
First, I'm embarrassed that it look this long for me to write this review. To say that I love Nosh and Swig is an understatement. You can tell by each dish you try that the chef loves what he does and the entire staff is proud of what they are offering. And I've tried many of the dishes. It is a very easy going place almost like you've walked into the owners home for lunch or dinner. Sometimes all I want to do is kick back and this is my place to do just that. 

They have figured out a way to have gourmet food at affordable pricing. They are also very good to the local music scene by having performers come in on Friday nights. We held an event there and they really went out of their way to make it perfect for us. They closed down the place, made room for our DJ and dancing. They allowed us to use their TVs at the bar. They printed personalized menus for my guests, create a special menu and helped by offering happy hour pricing at the bar. 

I don't think a lot of place you go out to is going to be perfect every time but at least I know that when I go to Nosh and Swig, they are trying to give me a nice dinning experience.
This restaurant is very near my house, so we tried it one evening for something new.  We love tapas experiences and this one did not disappoint.  We ordered a number of things for the table.  I tried everything and there was not a single crumb left over.

Personally, I loved the monte cristo sandwich and the terriaki chicken skewers.  We also tried a spinach salad (served in a jar, very cute), carne asada sliders (very spicy and not my thing, but my husband loved them), chicken and waffles (very very tasty, but sweet) and the cookie dessert.  

The Monte Christo was by far my favorite.  It was hot and sweet and salty and tasty and just delicious.  As I was sharing with the table, I almost wanted a little more.  

We will surely be back.
I met a friend for an early dinner and was surprised at how empty the place was.  Now, even though it is called Nosh & Swig, I think it is a lot stronger in the nosh category than the swig.  The menu was fun and I saw quite a few things I wanted to try.  We ended up sharing the following:
Sticky Bun Tacos
Cock-a-Waffle-Doo
Cremini Caps
A Fish and Chip Slider and Cookiemon for dessert.
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked everything.  Often with small plates, there will be a few hits, a few misses, but these were all good.  With the mushrooms being my personal favorite.

The drink menu was a little disappointing, the name of the restaurant evokes a place equally dedicated to both cuisine and beverages, but the cocktails all sounded a bit odd and the wine list was boring and minimal.  However, I thought the prices more than made up for their out-of-the-way location.
It was not busy on a recent Friday in June when I dropped in after skipping breakfast and lunch, thanks to eating way too much the past two days in SoCal.

For a tapas place, their portions are decent.  I ordered 3 items and was full and the bill was about $24.

Monte Cristo - Again was the highlight of what I ordered.

Pretzel Brats - Was good, but the sauerkraut was curiously lacking in flavor (as if it was rinsed), and maybe deli mustard would have been better than the plain mustard.

Short Ribs - last two sold out just before I ordered it.  Sadness.

Sticky Buns Tacos - Decent, but some of the pork belly were still tough and the rind too tough to chew and swallow. Glad I tried it, but it was a one and done for me.

Service was great. Was greeted immediately by one of the staff within seconds of walking in.  Ordering, delivering the prepared items from the kitchen, refilling the water, etc. were all positive.

I really enjoyed the 80s playlist of songs that was not blaring out of the speakers, although for a few moments I thought it was what was on MTV at the time.

A-OK or better.
My wife and I went here for an early dinner this afternoon before a show at the Plaza.  As with some other reviewers, we ordered too much because their portions are really nice on some items even though they're small plates.

We started with an order of Tiger Cry and Nachos O'Brien.  I wanted to order the Hodgepodge but they don't serve that anymore.  Instead, the server suggested I get two of the dishes that made up the tower thing so I got pommes frites and Truffle tots.

The Tiger Cry and the Nachos O'Brien were both very good.  We shared the dishes and we both liked the nachos and the Tiger Cry.  The hit of the two was the TIger Cry which is Thai beef jerky with nam prik and some sesame.  There was also a container of sticky rice in a ball in a plastic bag.  I'm sot sure it was sticky rice or rice just twisted together in the plastic to make it stick together.  I expected it might be a bit spicy from the nam prik, but it was not.  However, the nam prik they did use along with the jerky glaze made this a great dish.  The nachos were good, but nothing exceptional.  

My error was in ordering both pommes frites and truffle tots.  That's a large portion of both in their small pails.  They were both very good, but I ended up eating most of the frites and finishing off the truffle tots.  I didn't taste any truffle but the cheese, parsley, and salt  made the tots very good and I loved the pommes frites.

We still had some room and I ordered the Baked and Blazed--their take on a mac and cheese dish but made with fusilli and cheddar cheese and having a nice crusty top.  This was an excellent dish, too.  When we ordered this we mentioned the Cookiemon and he said it takes 15 minutes so we had him put the order in then also.  It came out a little early because we hadn't finished the baked and blazed yet but it was OK.  Only a little ice cream melted and the very hot cookie had time to cool a bit before digging in.

Service was great.  Considering we were the only customers in the place, it should have been great.  But, it was above and beyond that.  Our server answered our questions and suggested things.  He was prompt with iced tea refills and a pleasant fellow.

I noticed as Tony T. did that the music was pleasant and wasn't blaring.  Conversation was easy and the music didn't interfere.

I wish this wasn't on the other side of town.  I'd stop in more often.  I do have to make a stop here when I get my car serviced the next time.  I have to try the State Fair or the Uni-cones, or the Warm PB & J.  Well you get where my head's at!
The restaurant location and decor was totally not what I expected but it didn't take away from the creative menus and taste of food! They have tapas options that they separate by beef, poultry, fish, vegetables, etc and the descriptions of all the items makes you want to order everything! Portions were larger than I expected for the price! I had a great experience but with all the other food options in vegas, I wouldn't put this place high on my priority list to come back to.
Tapa style, reminds me of bar food back home in Hawaii, just very small portions.  Hawaiians eat large plates :)

The location is a bit far for us, but we have been wanting to try this place for a long while.  We came here to entertain an out of town friend after work, it wasn't that busy, score for us to enjoy the place and the game.  They were playing some old school hip hop, big plus for us.  

We tried a lot of things on the menu but main dish we all liked was the Monte Cristo.  Its a pretty simple concept, but Delicious in flavor.  I also got myself a Lychee Sake.  The mixologist even came by himself to share how he creatively made my drink.  Jesse N.  loved this place because they had a nice selection of beers to choose from.  So the Swig part for us was a better experience for us.  

Would I come back, yes, when I'm on this side of town.  Its has great ambiance, great  service, and good amount of food and drinks to choose from.
Great food!  I am definitely going to become a regular there
Nosh & Swig was really good, I went with a group of people because we knew it was Tapa style, and we could share different items on their unquie menu.  They have these brie dawgs that are out of this world.  Or mixoloigist, JD was also helping with the tables, gaves us great advice on what was good to try, and he also made some bad-ass drinks.  Great customer service, great tapas, all around a great night.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! The atmosphere is modern and chic! The food is so good! I loved everything we ordered: sticky bun tacos, stev-o grilled cheese,pretzel brats, elote! So delicious!! The service was great too! They were kind, fast and everything was great for a short lunch break!! I am very impressed and will be here often! So glad I work close, but I WILL drive from NLV to come with friends on my days off too, because its that worth it!!
Every plate that the chef made for me and my fiance looked like a piece of art; the presentation of the food was breath-taking. The food: fabulous. I LOVED the waffle (which was fresh and made to order) with ice-cream  dessert. My partner's favorite was the sticky bun tacos.  My only suggestion is that the restaurant make it clearer that it is basically a fusion restaurant, so that the customers know Nosh and Swig's point of view.
Once again this place never disappoints! J.D. on point again with the drinks, just tell him what you like and he'll whip you up a masterpiece! Chef Steve is the man, only been there 1 other time and remembered who I was! Very rare in Vegas;-) Got the Monte Cristo and now I can't have any other monte cristo anywhere because NOBODY Will top this monte cristo! Indescribable to say the least, just order it now! Girlfriend said her seafood paella was as lemony as it gets, and most places don't put a lot of lemon in them here, but Chef Steve knows his stuff! Can't wait to go back... My girl and I will be frequenting this establishment more often than not!! NOSH & SWIG 4 LIFE
They ROCK.  I hope they'll open one in Sherman Oaks, CA!!
On 04/21/2013, three of us ventured to Nosh & Swig for a friend's birthday.

From the Purple (Pork) menu, we tried the MONTE CRISTO (Black forest ham, gruyére cheese, fried egg, with wild berry compote), STEVE-O GRILLED CHEESE (Candied bacon, White American cheese, warm arugula, and tomato coulie), NACHOS O'BRIEN (Peppered pork, house potato chips, Dublin cheddar, and stewed tomatoes), and STICKY BUN TACOS (Fried pork belly, pickled cabbage, and ginger soy).

From the Red (Beef) menu, we ordered the SHORT RIBS (Dr. Pepper braised ribs with polenta cornbread and candied carrots). From the Blue (Seafood) menu: SMOKEY POKE (ahi tuna, citrus ponzu, and norichips) and PAELLA (Seafood mix, spicy court-bouillon, saffron rice). From the Yellow (Chicken) menu, we got the COCK-A-WAFFLE-DOO (Cornflake crusted chicken with Belgian waffle and blueberry maple reduction) and PRETZEL BRATS (Chicken sausage on a pretzel roll with cheese gravy and sauerkraut). Lastly, from the Green (Vegetarian) menu, we got the HODGEPODGE (Pomme frites, tempura sweet potato fries, Truffle tater tots, and onion rings).

For the birthday, my friend received a UNI-CONE with their housemade Frosted Animal Cookie Ice Cream. I was skeptical when I saw the very pink ice cream (I thought it was Cotton Candy and I hate Cotton Candy Ice Cream), but oh my, it was delicious!

All of the dishes were just okay. Nothing really stood out nor did I think anything was spectacular. I did really like the Hodgepodge. Most of the dishes I could have done without completely. All of it is really fun though - the vibe, the overall experience with friends (like a "tapas" place should be), and the whimsical dishes - and I still enjoyed myself. It's just the execution of those dishes that fell short.
Food is great good to see a independent restaurant with a great product
I have been here a couple of times and love the food, service and ambience. A very unique twist on a tapas style menu. This place would fit right in downtown or in the arts district. Have a little or a lot... for a casual lunch or a dinner date ...and it wont destroy your pocketbook.
The Smokey Poke is MY FAVORITE!!!
The Charred Beef Crostini is absolutely delicious -(They should give you a mini steak knife to cut them with)
Four stars only because I almost never give five...but this was definitely a really good lunch experience.  A creative menu without getting overly cute, and everything was done well and nicely presented.  It's an odd location, but don't let that fool you.  It's well worth going a little out of the way to enjoy some interesting small plates-style dining.  This could become a regular in my lunch rotation....
I, for the life of me, cannot understand how anyone could give this place any less than five stars. I mean, what restaurant were you eating at? Because this is most definitely the most innovative, forward thinking, evolved restaurant I believe I've been to in this town in a LONG time.

I mean, you walk in and you really don't understand what you're in store for. The concept is on the windows, but you don't really get the gist until you sit down and open up this fabulous menu.

I was only slightly, slightly disappointed that some of the things on the menu were discontinued as they are going through a seasonal menu change (for sure a sign of a great restaurant) and were knocking things off at them moment. Trust me when I say that lasted all of about 10 seconds. 

The concept is this: whatever you eat, be it vegetarian, pork, chicken, etc. You have a set menu for each type of food. It's all covered, each one, on one small page, but the tastes are SO big. Also, there are rumors that this is a tapas bar, but that isn't quite true. Yes, the plates are all sold separately, there are no sides, but the plates are a nice sized portion, not that tiny things you get at a regular tapas bar. That's misleading as heck. I was stuffed after I had just three plates!

I personally (as a pescatarian) had the smokey poke. Let me tell you, that was some deliciousness on a plate. The poke sits atop several sauces (of which I've forgotten at the moment) and I was encouraged to dip some in each. Whatever. I totally mixed that all together and then inhaled it. I got a little of the smokey, a nice bite of spicy and some mellow flavors that balanced it all out. It was fresh and delicious.

My second plate was the elote. Listen, I would love to sit here and wax eloquent about how delicious this was, but I'm just going to go ahead and say it: if I could mainline this into my veins I would have OD'd, oh, several MILLION times. There are no words for how great this dish is. I can't even go on, I'm getting emotional about not being able to go get some more right now. And then an hour later, and an hour after that. Hi, I'm Nickolle and I'm an elote addict. CRACK on a cob. That's what they should call it. Try it and come to meetings with me. We'll get through this together. (this is corn on the cob that you grab and eat with your hands - lick your fingers afterward, no one cares)

Next up for me was the lotsa-mozza. This is essentially cheese, polenta, eggplant and tomatoes. But yet so much more. Anyone who has ever taken cheese and melted it in a hot pan knows the delicious taste. That's sort of this, but with sliced mozza and other things in between, specifically, sweet polenta (mmmmm...). The thing that brings this all together is the taste of that melted, crunchy cheese. So, so good. So good.

For dessert (like, someone stop me, okay?) I had the cream cheese lote. I obviously have a cheese addiction as well. I was going to go for the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream, but I wasn't ready to be jolted out of my mellow taste experience with something that sweet. I was super pleased that I didn't. This is a flat bread that is the consistency of a crepe, but with a little more crunch. The cheese actually is very subtle as is the cream anglaise. It sits atop some little bubbles, I can't remember the name name now (arghhh!), but they were sweet when I popped them in my mouth. There were different flavors and they really added some zing to the sort of savory taste of the crepe/cheese combo. Really pleasing to my mouth!

This restaurant is a brand new fave and I can't wait to go back. The owners are so friendly and awesome that I want to be their new best friend. As much as I'm about to start going I'm pretty sure we'll be on a first name basis soon! Get here. FAST.
We have eaten here 5 times since they opened and the food and service is great!  We have tried almost everything on the menu and there is nothing we won't order again.  Corkage fee to bring your own bottle of wine is very reasonable.  They recently added live music on Friday night,  which is nice but need to make sure the volume is not so loud that you can't talk.  This place has become one of our favorite places to eat.  Give it a try!  You won't be disappointed.
I went as people were raving about it. It is located in a complex with no other restaurants and was initially hard to find. 
I ordered the Monte Cristo which was good, and then I tried the chicken waffle do: I was sorely disappointed... the outside of the chicken was overcooked, the waffle was average and dry... I don't get the hype. 
These are NOT Tapas... they are regular plate sizes in Europe. I only ate part of the Monte Cristo in order to be able to try other things. The dessert someone ordered was average and boring. Everything was ok... Nope, nothing to write home about. 
I tried the Thai ice tea: it was good, yet they said it would have tapioca in it: there was none! I then tried the lemonade with mint and basil: it tasted like liquid toothpaste with basil!
One of my friends ordered a dish they ran out of 6 hrs before closing, then they ran out of a wine he ordered. 
Otherwise, the service was very good and you get a cheap meal out of it unless you seriously overeat. 
I wanted to give it a four star, yet it would not be justified... the chef tries to be innovative, which is great, yet the taste comes out to just ok.
Went to Nosh & Swig last night for dinner on high recommendation of friends.  Decor is modern/contemporary and simple.  Ordered the Smokey Poke, Spare ribs, Elote, Gai Satay and the Cheese Fondue.  No room left for dessert.   The owner/chef came over to the table to talk to us which we appreciated.  The waiter knew the menu well and made recommendations.  Excellent food, will definitely return to try everything else on the menu and will spread the word.
There are very few restaurants in vegas that I would say are amazing but this is definitely one of them.

My boyfriend and I ate thru their menu and loved it! We had fall off the bone ribs to chicken bites. They have something for everyone. All their food was clean and fresh. Will be telling all my friends and family to make sure they stop in and check this place out. 

Absolutely amazing!
So good! Beef with sticky rice was my fav and the Chinese churros .... Just get them!
Wow! What an interesting little place! Love the industrial SOHO look to the place, made me feel like I was back in NYC. The service is warm, inviting and friendly. They seat you and put a small pail of in house made kettle corn on the table to munch on. Just a side note, the pails should be bigger or they should be bottomless. That being said, lets get to the food. Delicious. Comforting. A cross between comfort food an fusion. The corn is the best you will ever have. I dreamt about it. The chickpea hummus with artichoke hearts was mouth watering. The cocktails are delightful and fun. And at only $8 each you may want to bring a designated driver. I will be coming to this place again. And again. And again.
This place is wonderful! Love everything I have ever tried. The mix of all the different flavors that go into each of their creations is fantastic. 

Smokey poke, dragon claws, elote! All great. 

Location is a little hidden but, you've got to try it! Fusion tapas :)
2 out of 5 stars. 2 stars for the ambience and decor. 

I must say my husband and I were extremely disappointed after dining here. Being a Chef myself, a new tapas restaurant is the foodie excitement I crave. 

Small portions (waaaay small), over priced, and over exaggerated descriptions of menu items.

We started (and ended) with the Smokey Poke, Short ribs, and Nachos Obrien. Smokey Poke- about 3/4 cup of a portion, Ahi was chewy and flavor lacking. 
Short Ribs -were described as "dr.pepper braised short ribs, candied carrots, and polenta bread". What we got was ONE short rib (fix your menu) an carrot shavings that were probably candied in the morning cause they were just dried out with no flavor, 2 small pieces of raw broccoli and the polenta bread that tasted like plain old cornbread (skimping on the polenta)
Nachos Obrien- described as " peppered pork, house made potato chips, Dublin cheese, stewed tomatoes". What we got was potato chips with melted cheese, BACON with pepper shaker pepper sprinkled on it and diced tomatoes. I know bacon IS pork but don't exaggerate, just say bacon. We were imagining a roasted pepper crusted pork that was shredded or something. The bacon wasn't even pepper crusted, they could have at least did that. 

Server never checked on us but we were still polite and asked for the check since we are both in the industry. That's what yelp is for. 

Conclusion- even after a salmonella outbreak, I'd rather go back to Firefly. Nice try Nosh & Swig
The poke is great! They are really creative with there Tapa fusions . Thirsty Thursdays are wonderful, be careful those drinks they pack alot of punch.
Great food and excellent service.  The menu includes a unique variety of interesting items as well as alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.  The suggestions made by my waiter were outstanding including the kiwi cucumber drink.  I will definitely go here again and take friends.
I have never had anything bad here. So delicious! Quite a find. Highly recommend this place!!
I've been here twice. The food and service are amazing. The owner actually works there and has greeted us both times. This hole in the wall place is definitely worth a visit. I ordered the salmon both times and absolutely loved it.
I was really excited to check this place out.  The menu looked pretty awesome when I checked it out online.  Reviews here, to sum up, seemed to be pretty mixed, with one's experience tied pretty closely to ordering the right things on the menu.  Armed with knowledge gleaned from other reviews, the lady and I rolled over there on a Friday night at 7:00pm.

The parking lot was a ghost town.  There were two tables being served.  Not a good sign, but hey, let's give it a shot.

We were immediately greeted by a friendly young guy who took us to a table of our choosing.  We were also immediately greeted by a NASTY smell in the air.  It smelled like someone dropped a deuce under a table.  Five days earlier.  This eau de outhouse permeated the entire restaurant.  I'm not the kind of guy who is up for making a big deal out of things.  I was fully prepared to try and ignore it and have some dinner.  The lady?  Not so much.

"Ummmm.... excuse me.  Do you smell that?"

Our host/server sheepishly replied, "Haha... yeah, I guess I'm just kind of used to it.  It comes and goes around here.  It's the whole area."

Now, I'm not a huge fan of the East Side in general, but come on.  The parking lot smelled fresh as a daisy by comparison.  There is clearly something horribly wrong with this building, and I hope that the young owners of Nosh and Swig have an attorney to help them get out of whatever ugly lease they are tied up in.  

After he said he'd be back to take our drink orders, we held our breath, and made a beeline for the front door.

I feel awful for them - and I hope they can get into another location.  One that doesn't smell like the parking garage of the Four Queens.  Two tables at prime time on a Friday night?  How many more Fridays can they possibly have in that space?
The food is awesome! Must try the pork buns and elote. Great food and venue! Will come back for sure.
Okay first of all the food here is soooo delicious. Everything I've tried has been amazing but the Dragon Claws are the BEST!!!! Staff and service is great! What more could you ask for?
2 words: Go There!!  

Food and service are top notch. We only ordered 6 things (in addition to the free popcorn w the perfect seasoning of spice and subtle sweetness), and if I had more room in my belly, I would've ordered everything on the menu.  

--Sticky bun tacos - crispy pork belly in a sticky bun --- AMAZING!
--Veggie tempura - light batter in clean, fresh oil
--Spicy edamame - yum! (My lips were numb after noshing on 11 in a row.)
--Stuffed crimini caps - melted cheese!!
--Tokyo crepe - 6 little pieces of heaven stuffed w shiitake and portobellos
--Dragon claws - spicy tuna stuffed jalapeños lightly fried

Can't forget the delicious drinks! We ordered the sake drink w vodka and lychee, and the gin lemonade drink.

I'll be back!
Awesome, amazing food! The highlight of our Las Vegas trip! An adventure in culinary genius! Service is excellent, and personable.  We could easily spend hours eating our way through the entire menu. The Happy Hour specials are fantastic!
This place is great! The food was excellent, and the cocktails were awesome. Had the monte cristo, short rib sliders and chicharonnes all were great. Must try the crunberries cocktail. Above all our server was the owner and he was really attentive and courteous. Overall my experience was the best.
I'm here on a Sunday nite, prompt excellent service, 2 other couples. The food so far is excellent. There is no foul smell like another person noted (p.s. don't pick on the east side, summerlin. Get over yourselves and go prance at whole foods salad bar). The food is wonderful and so is my wine. I will definitely be back to try more, maybe on a Friday nite :)
I was excited to try to this place out so we drove all the way to the east side of town to check it out! I think it is a cute concept but nothing really stood out for me except for maybe the Pallea. It had a good taste but the Calamari in the dish had tentacles. I was a good sport and ate it anyways. The chicken skewers were nothing special. The deviled eggs were really plain . I think adding Siracha to the mix would give it a little kick. The sliders were tasty. The dessert which was a trio of ice cream flavors were displayed creatively. Most of the dishes I tried just  tasted okay. The presentation of the food stood out though.  I think Nosh and Swig should experiment with their recipes to make signature items that are unique to their restaurant.
My wife and I went a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night.  The place was dead, which scared us, but we tried it anyways.  It was well worth it.  I don't recall the exact plates we got but we had a cheese fondue that was excellent, the mini-brats that were really good, the mini-burgers that were good, and some kind of curry dish that neither of us cared for.
Service was okay.  Not what you'd expect for a place being so dead, but not horrible either.
I would definitely come back and try a few more things.
Damn this place is good! You can find me there most fridays with my peeps havin dranks and ... Well noshing. The elotes wings nachos chilaquiles tots... Damn im a bit of a pig huh? Oh well..forget the reviews about slow service small staff very friendly personal staff....u may have to wait a little while for your dish but its worth the wait! Try it friday and if im there buy me a drink and thank me!
Pretty hip little joint for being off the strip. Fun little menu that's very reasonable, the owners definitely knew what they were doing! Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
Great food and drinks! Very reasonably priced. Also has happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. Get the Smokey Poke and Dragon claws.
The reason I give it a 4 star is because I love the food. We went there during their happy hour on a Saturday.  I believe it's between 4-6pm.  We had the Chicharones which was so amazing! We also had this burger with bacon and egg slider, the tiger cry and the korean bbq wings.  Each dish was really great!  Lastly, we tried the Chinese churros...that had three different dipping sauces (condenced milk, chocolate and berry syrup). ONE WORD: YUM!! 

I would have to agree with some of patrons, it was a bit over priced for some of their menu items, considering they do serve small portions of food.  I have not had the opportunity to try out any of their alcoholic beverages, but I may one of these days.  It's usually pretty empty in there, which I'm surprised about since the place serves pretty amazing food.  

I don't know what "SMELL" one of the patrons have mentioned, I live just down the street from there and I've been to Nosh & Swig twice already and there wasn't any "smell" there.  But to each his/her own.  Maybe they just have an enhanced sense of smell. 

For me, this was place is a hit.  It may not be as upscale as some people expect it to be, but it's a neighborhood joint and I love the flavor of the food.  Boom!
The whole place could benefit from one word: refinement. 

I get the cool & swanky decor, but the booth we sat in was falling apart at the seams and the seats were incredibly worn. Plus, the purple and ivory for some reason feel vaguely reminiscent of an 70s porno stage or something. The environment could've benefited from some polishing touches, like new booths and such.

Onto the food:
The bf and I ordered 2 dishes each, and that was definitely enough food for us both.
Tropical fruit tea - The sweet flavoring syrup (tasted like lychee) was very obvious in the tea, but it was still refreshing & delicious. I did end up watering it down after a bit, which significantly helped dilute the syrup, but it was good.
Pretzel brats - The top pretzel bun was toasted perfectly and had wonderful crunch to it. The item as a whole seemed a tad dry. It could've benefited from more sauerkraut or cheese sauce or something, but I felt the need to visit my glass of water or tea after every bite. Pretzel buns tend to be on the saltier/dryer side, and not much in this dish provided for moisture or hydration. But these were pretty good.
Monte Cristo - It was a pretty typical monte cristo. Nothing bad, but nothing to write home about.
Sticky Bun Tacos - The sticky buns were unfortunately dry and were visibly cracking. The pork belly was good, but the flavors seemed like they could've been developed and infused more. A more moist bun and deeply flavored pork belly would've really made this dish a stand out.
Short Rib Sliders - When you did get every ingredient in a bite (apple, bleu cheese, petite green, and short rib) it was delicious. But the ingredients were unevenly distributed and therefore each bite was incomplete. I got a huge chunk of bleu cheese in one bite (and don't get me wrong, I love bleu cheese), but the sweetness & crispness of the apple would've elevated and evened out that bite more. 

All in all, it was okay. But as previously stated, the restaurant would benefit from some refinement in both the decor and execution of the food. I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. Also, I'd probably go back to try happy hour.
This place has amazing food for every palette. I tried the truffle tots as one reviewer suggested and they were amazing. I also tried the spicy edamame and the brie dawg which were also very good. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff! They also had some live music while I was there that was great too.
fiancé and I decided to try this place after our work out. We arrived at 9:30 and was immediately told they were closed. This is one of my pet peeves. If you advertise that business is open until 10pm..HONOR IT! I was actually thinking on their behalf and told my fiancé we should order to go before we even got there. it would've been our first time here but I guess we will never know because we will not be coming back. 

By the way, right when I opened the door I took a big whiff of stagnant, moldy, bad odor of the restaurant. Just keep this in mind if you still decide to dine here. Maybe ask what grade they have with the health department.
Just another one of those amazing places that eluded an initial review due to mad focus on handling business.  Yelp...better late than never.

I was surprised to learn that one of our sister departments is no more than a few miles away, if that, and none of my patnahs know how to Nosh or Swig.

I headed out this way to put in my last payment on this year's fantasy basketball league, having snuck into the finals.  What better way than to top it off with some good grinds.  The commish of the league was the first of honor.  
I can't quite remember everything I had the first time I was here, but could almost guarantee the menu consisted of the sticky buns, kalbi sliders and... like I said, I was too busy smashing my face in the endless tapas we ordered then.  I do remember getting the grilled cheese sandwich with the Tokyo crepes that was to die for.  Crepes sushi rolled with shiitake mushrooms, sprouts and other veggies all forming a perfect union and big flavor for a non-meat item.

There have been some good memories in the two whole times I have been here, considering I am rarely in this hood.  I do recall that the first time here, the place was closed down due to some mindless vandalizing.  The next time, I got revenge with a good friend visiting from Virginia and Seattle.  Now, I made sure to share another good moment with another satisfied homie, I'
One tapa at a time.
Anyone who posts anything bad about this place must be mistaken. I hear a lot of nonsense about this and that but if you understand what you are coming for here it will be nothing short than amazing. You cannot possibly beat the absolutely wonderful experience you get here let alone the owner is amazing. He is absolutely genuine, has a part in handling yet cooking his food. Let alone the service alone the absolute genuine feeling about this place you cannot describe. It is literally made for you to enjoy every ounce of the food you order. Be sure you know what you are ordering because at times it can get confusing but I guarantee if you have any question about a single thing on the item you will be able to get a genuine answer. GENUINE PEOPLE SERVING GENUINE FOOD. Nothing less, nothing more. Thee end.
My best advice is to pick something from every category. The combination of all the dishes was just simply delicious! Not to mention the friendly staff with good recommendations. I give it 5 stars.
Pure amazingness and I mean PURE AMAZINGNESS.
It is a few miles off the strip but I guarantee you it is absolutely worth the trip. We got to meet the chef and you can just tell he enjoys what he does and does it to perfection.

Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. When we got their, it was completely empty since they just got done with the lunch rush, but I urge you to not let that scare you away. You will not be disappointed.

We got 13 or 14 plates in total and split them between the four of us. We seriously wanted to keep going, but just literally couldn't breathe by that point. 

The chicharron off the happy hour menu: 4 stars. It was really refreshing with the tomatoes and cheese on top of the tater tots.
Sticky bun tacos: 5 stars
Steve-o Grilled Cheese: 5 stars according to my friend. She just kept raving about it as she was eating.
Monte Cristo: Definitely 5 stars according to our friend that just keep going on about how amazing it was.
Nachos O' Brien: 5 Stars. They weren't your typical nachos whatsoever. Literally tasted like pure heaven. I should've gotten a few orders to go.
Tiger cry: 4 stars.
(N)gai satay. 5 stars for the chicken as well as the cucumber salad. WOW!
Smokey poke: 5 stars for sure!! Pure heaven on Earth. Please please please don't ever get rid of this!
Short ribs: 4 stars
Salmon: 4 stars. Cooked to perfection according to my friend.
Diablo eggs: 4 stars
Elote: Absolutely 5 stars. Mama mia the mayo on the corn was AMAZINGGGGG.
Mushrooms: 4 stars
Pretzel brats: 5 stars according to my friend. Sadly he had to get the second brat to go since this was the last dish of the night and he looked like he was close to exploding.

You will absolutely not be disappointed with the food. I've never been to a restaurant where I've liked everything I ordered. I especially love that they're smaller tapas plates for a decent price that way I can try a lot of the menu at one time.

The chef/owner was talking about changing up the menu sometime soon which I love since you get to try something different everytime you come their.

Thank you to byron for the awesome service and recommendations!

I will be back on my next trip to Vegas!

Tips:
Full bar
Happy hour daily from 3-6
Live music every Friday night. Reservations only those nights!
Love the simplistic food choices that are palatially exciting. Always unique food and beverage choices available for all to partake of.  The service is always top notch and the food is always a delight.

I highly recommend the Kim Chi Wings and the Nacho's O'Brien. The plates are small, but you do realize it is a tapas joint.
Awesome place for a kickback social night with close friends. Great food! Great service!  Honestly can't ask for much more from a genuine couple who run the place! All I know is I'm deeply in trouble because the churros are the BEST IN TOWN. Like wow.
I lived in Vegas for five years and never knew Nosh existed, and I'm glad I got to try it. Fantastic menu. As a disclaimer, I love tapas, because I hate eating only one thing. Small plates are all the rage in my world. 

The pretzel sliders with sauerkraut and mustard were delicious. I forget the meat, but they inspired me to start making these bad boys at home. Tiger claws were spicy, but tasty. Really nice presentation. I also enjoyed the sticky bun tacos, great consistency. Didn't have the opportunity to try their mixed drinks, opted for a beer instead. I hear the cocktails are good. 

Ambiance is interesting, seems like they are going for hip and trendy. Service was okay, our waiter was very nice. This is a great spot for drinks and small, interesting plates off the beaten path (strip).
I get a lot of flack for being over-generous in my reviews. It is well deserved. I am an easy grader and I grade on a curve. But I never write flowery reviews to get free stuff. There's another reason for my madness and Nosh & Swig is a perfect example of a place needing some slack. A food snob could roll into here and completely trash the place. And I admit, the edges are rough, the execution is not perfect. But this place has potential and it has SOUL. What I mean by soul is, the owner was there on a slow Weds night (it was just me, this guy, and another couple) and he was chatting it up at the bar.  I just assumed he was the bartender but then he started recommending stuff on the menu and talking about the recipes. Wow. It was obvious this guy loves what he does and has a passion for his business. 

The DRINK: They have a good drink menu, and it seems they have a full "bar". I guess the better way to describe it is they served hard liquor. I got their non-alcoholic blueberry mint lemonade and it was delicious. It was huge (I couldn't finish the whole thing), served in a mason jar with a side of crack popcorn. Seriously, the stuff was so addictive, I believe he does sprinkle crack on it. 

The FOOD: I was starving, so I didn't read up on Yelp reviews when I came here. I thought it was just another Nevada style pub. Noep. It definitely has a bar-feel, especially with the owner chatting it up with the locals, but I'd say it's more a casual restaurant that serves tapas. I got their elotes with garlic butter and cilantro. AMAZING! I eaten my share of elotes but these are different. The sauce they smother it in is pure tantric sex. Yeah.. that's right. 

Next I got a side of nachos o'brien (peppered pork.house potato chips, dublin cheddar. stewed tomatoes ) and a side of Korean BBQ wings (kimchi spiced chicken, Shoyu reduction). The nachos were ok, but the chicken wings were good, nice contrast of sweet and spicy. 

Things I didn't like were the chairs, they were too low for the "bar". The prices are a tad high for what you get, but they do have happy hour Tues-Sat from 3-6. I have no idea what that entails, call to see what they offer. And the food got a little messy. It's beautifully presented but difficult to eat. 

+stars for the great, friendly service, the innovative menu and just an overall vibe of awesomeness. I want to come back and try their Dr. Pepper ribs. That sounds amazing.
Tried some new things. Still great. Only thing is making a reservation might be necessary.
3.5 really - but I'll round up 'cause I'd like them to do well.

Here's the deal. 
I had three small plates and a cocktail. 

The cocktail (Sake Long Time) was light and refreshing, and the little lychee balls that popped in my mouth were tasty and fun. It's been so long since anything has popped in my mouth... 

but I digress...

Two of the small plates (a nightly special - Blue Crab Spring Roll, and the Asian Crepes) were quite good. The dishes were well-prepared and tasty.

The third plate - the Chicken Pretzel Brat - was pretty standard. Just okay.

All together, the meal cost about $40 with tip.

And there's my issue. For $40, I felt like I was on the low end of "enough".
Yes, I appreciate the fresh ingredients, as well as the inventive preparation - but when I can get good All-You-Can-Eat sushi nearby for $30 total; ...well, I'm more likely to go for that. 

I'm not a quantity-over-quality guy, and I don't need to gorge to be happy - but the balance needs to be a bit more in favor of portion size before I can justify being a regular at Nosh & Swig. 

Glad I tried it. Hope they do well at this location.
I have to update my review to the full on 5 stars. They deserve it. The last 3 times I have dined here it has been perfection. They have stepped up their game as a new east side restaurant. Got rid of the things that didn't work and embraced those that did. A family owned joint, that remembers their regulars. I have taken friends, family, and kids here and every time everyone is happy. A couple items that I personally love are the deviled eggs, the edamame, and the fondue. For a dessert you can't go wrong. There is the cookie-mon, choc chip cookie, and ice cream. Simple and great. There is the happy ending, which comes with popping mochi pearls. Or the Brie dawg with bananas and Brie cheese. 
The most recent experience I had a full striped sea bass. I've never ate a fish with the head still on it, let's just say it was very pleasant. I plan on continuing to dine here until that isn't an option anymore. Well done Nosh & Swig!
I've been wanting to try this place and last Saturday I finally did! I had amazing company from my husband Joel, my good friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna L. and her boyfriend Brent. I can't tell u how much fun it is going out with these guys! I know Dyanna and Brent have been to Nosh & Swig several times so I looked to them on what to get. Their answer was everything is good! 

Nosh & Swig are a tapas type of place. So we of course ordered ALL the things and shared. We started with the Spicy Edamame and the deviled eggs. Once you start eating the Edamame you can't stop. Perfect spice! Next came out our Fondue which had apples, strawberries, bread, chips & some veggies to dip in the cheesy sauce. More food started coming out. Dyanna got the special which was a whole Seared Bass with the head and all! It was covered in a wonderful Sweet Chili sauce. It was excellent and a little birdie said it's going on their new menu in April. I'm so getting that next time. Joel had the Monte Cristo Sandwich which came with a berry compote. It was crispy and gooey with the fried egg on top. The Short Ribs came out next for Brent. I got the Dragons Claws. They were jalapenos stuffed with a spicy tuna and fried in tempura. The sauce on top was delicious. A great bite of food. We also all shared the Sticky Bun Tacos. Which I loved. Mmmmm pork belly. The Korean Bbq Wings had the perfect amount of spice. The Pretzel Brats were so tasty. I could have eaten like five more of those. The Chicken Apple Sausage is a great complement to the cheese gravy.We of course had to get dessert. Joel ordered the Cookiemon. It was cookie dough cooked in a little cast iron skillet with Vanilla Ice Cream on top. Mmmm so yummy. Brent got the Happy Ending it's kinda like a Thai Ice Cream taco. 

I think that is pretty much all we ordered. It was a lot of food and really not that expensive for what we got. The service was excellent. The Chef even came out and talked to us and made sure we liked everything. I hear they have music on Friday nights. I'm for sure going back for more and more! Especially for the new menu in April!!!
Nosh and Swig lives up to their reviews.  I got there right at opening, so I was the only person in the dining room, the service was prompt, courteous, and the food was absolutely delicious.  Starting with some popcorn,and followed with the sticky bun tacos (basically a deconstructed cha siu bao) this dish reminded me of home,as well just the right portion size.  This along with a quenching  kiwi cucumber lemonade.  The decor is lively and modern, their front sign is a little tongue in cheek, I got a chuckle from it's coy approach.

I highly recommend nosh and swig, if for any other reason, for some creative fusion food that delights the pallet.
This is about as good as it gets for fusion! An epicurean delight. I had to meet the owner/chef Steve who created these unique dishes. I'm not even exaggerating when I say I was noisily eating, making close to obscene yummy sounds. I truly hope everyone gets to try this place & gives Steve the credit he deserves. Nom nom nom!!!!!!!
I've heard a lot of good about Nosh&Swig so I took the Mrs to see if it lived up to the hype. I have dined at this establishment 3 times now and can say that it's a solid 4 star joint. The food is good (skip the salads, not worth it) and the price OK. The pork offerings seem to be their wheelhouse (seriously great) while the chicken and beef are good options as well. 

The location is the real problem for Nosh & Swig. It's in an odd location that isn't particularly convenient. It requires dining earlier to catch a show and isn't close to anything. 

It's good, worth the detour, and a must try for foodies!
My taste buds are doing back flips ! So everythings served on  small plates . You get to experience many exciting flavors , textures.  Chef is fun & the food phenomenal.  Atmosphere really chill the music the staff. Just makes you want to smile. They also had another great surprise . The popcorn !" You say what ? Popcorn ? Yes the popcorn . Kicks the crap out of Krispy cream donuts .( the one thing I noticed people can't just have 1 of ) Impossible you say . Try it , I dare you ;) crazy good !! This is a really fun place . Bring a group, break bread together.  You will leave with a great big smile . An surely come back for more ! We have everything in Vegas. So it's really hard to stand out . This is a gem . Also the chef is also the owner so the food is consistent.
My new east side fave! The Diablo eggs are not to be missed and the Korean Chicken wings ...all was severely yummy!  Fabulous service and nicely different drinks!
By far my FAVORITE place in Vegas. Tapas style. Delicious, Fresh, Flavorful, Eclectic, Invigorating.
Every dish is a delightful suprise. Even if you've had it before. Warm people and great service offered in a charming, contemporary setting, with every detail thought of...you absolutely must try this place.
Even if you don't go for the food, the happy hour is great!! Live music is good too.  Just a nice place to chill, swig and nosh of you choose.  I have been many times and never disappointed.
Really good food, great prices (especially during happy hour).  We tried about 8 different menu items and all were phenomenal.  The monte cristo, bao and Korean wings were standouts.  The drinks were also very good.  The night we went they were having live entertainment and the band (Hawaiian/bluesy) was great.  We had a movie to get to otherwise I think we would have stayed longer.  This is a great place to go as a group or for date night.  I probably wouldn't bring my kids here since I didn't get that vibe from this place, but otherwise I think just about anyone would enjoy it.
This is now the first place I will be taking my friends.  You would never expect this type of restaurant when it is located in a old strip mall on flamingo.  Inside is a slick modern restaurant with a great tapas menu and drink selection.  The servers were super awesome, and the first time I knew i was pretty rude at the male server, so if you are reading this kind sir, I am quite sorry.  We enjoyed your service.  Alot of the menu is great, there are a few misses but the price and environment is fantastic.  I will be back as many  times as i can and I will bring all the people I know.
OMG this place is absolutely fabulous!!!!! We arrived around 6 pm on a Friday and were seated right away. Come to find out because it's First Friday, they were a little slow, to our benefit.

First of all they start you off with water and a little tin bowl of kettle corn. Ashleigh was our main server, bet everyone serves all the tables, which makes sure you're not waiting long for anything. 

The menu is awfully entertaining. I selected their chicken and waffles, i think it was called the chick-waffle-doo or something like that. We also got the Elote (corn) which was 3 small ears of corn with butter and some sauce that was TO DIE FOR!!!!!! Chicken breaded in corn flakes, over a Belgium waffle, 4 sweet potato tots and berry syrup.

Another in our group ordered the Chicken Satay. Which was chicken skewers braised in peanut sauce, served with sticky rice and cucumber salad. Can you say Aaaaaaa-mazing! 

The last person in our group of 3, the only one who had been there before, ordered some turkey sausage pretzlebun sliders and a grilled cheese. 

Last we shared a plate of sticky bun tacos. Which was heaven in a bun. Fried pork belly with some slaw jammed in a sticky bun shaped into a taco shell. 

To top it off we ordered thai tea, you only get one serving but it comes in a LARGE mason jar.

It was all fantastic, not too expensive and we left full with some to take home for later tonight!  
I've never gone to a tapas place before so I am a little green when it comes to this type of food...but the servers and chef couldn't be any less green. Everything suggested was just right. Let me tell you i will be back on a Friday when they have live music!!!! And I can't wait to try some of their alcohol drinks too.
When you're tired of the over priced food on the strip. You MUST go to Nosh and Swig. There's so much good stuff here, I don't know where to begin. The staff is excellent and the food is incredible!! The Korean BBQ wings, the sliders, sticky bun tacos are all must haves!! We had 6 plates and wanted to keep eating. The small plates all have fantastic flavor. Chef Steve-O is brilliant and is cooking food that is creative and flavorful!
Disappointing! Turned away without even trying after driving 25 minutes to try for the 1st time. It's 9:15, sign says close at 10p. "We decided to close early today" #FalseAdvertising
They should say open @11 and close "when we feel like it"...showed up just past 9pm and with no real apology or explanation, they wouldn't seat us..

I don't care how good the food is.. I won't be returning.. #YourTimeIsntValuable #TimeToGo #SeinfeldStartsIn45
OK -- if you haven't heard about "noshing" before then you need to come to Nosh and Swig. They have a great assortment of smaller portions that you share with whomever you're with. The fun thing is that everyone gets to try a bit of everything. You generally begin with one order of something for everyone, plus one. Then you keep reordering until everyone is full. One item on the must have button is the sticky bun tacos. Wow they were good. They also have a nice assortment of mixed drinks, if you are so inclined. We really enjoyed Nosh & Swig and will be back again soon.
Very disappointed in this place

Restaurant temperature was too warm
Menus were dirty
Completely out of white wine selections
Did not get an ahi tuna delivery so out of the poke
Dishes were nothing to write home about

Not worth the drive out there
Great spot, delicious food and super reasonable.  Their sliders were heaven! If you down near Hughes you
Must drive the extra mile and hit this place up, so worth it!!!

I didn't have my kids w me on this trip but I noticed on the menu they have a kids section, which is awesome! Ordinarily I wouldn't have been able to stop here but since they have kid friendly items and staples like grilled cheese I def can.
Very low key and laid back. They play reggae the whole time.

The Cucumber-Kiwi mix-o-nade... Is god damn amazing.

Baked and Blazed, Clams and Bacon were our first choices, from the Happy Hour menu (3-6pm)

Then we chose the Sticky Bun Tacos, Cocka-Waffle-Doo, and Smokey Poke...

and it was alllll delicious. Super yum.

Dessert? Brie Dawg.

You'll have to come here atleast 3 times to really try the menu, but I highly recommend trying this place period, see what you like. I don't imagine anything being "bad", only more of taste opinion.

What would make it a star higher? An expanded menu and more eccentric flavors. Aside from that, very NEAT :P
Hmmmm overall, mediocre food, weird atmosphere and both times I've had pretty slow service.
Everything sounds and looks sooo much more amazing than it actually tastes. Nothing tastes bad but nothing really pops. Some of their food tastes fresh and some tastes frozen.

Popcorn: super salty and kind of stale 

Cheesey tots - tasted frozen, some tots super soggy, some crunchy, flavor tasted eh 

Chicken and waffles-dark meat and overcooked chicken, sauce was good though

Baked and Blazed- like Mac & cheese from a box, underseasoned 

Monte Cristo- the only item I really liked, good flavor and tasted fresh 

Pretzel bratz- didn't like the sausage they used, and pretzel buns were a little hard 

Cookiemon- hard cookie, overbaked 

I feel that if they spruced up the atmosphere it would be more enjoyable. I was somewhat sweating while eating lol. There's no ac (or atleast it feels like there's none) and they have several floor fans. It feels musty and humid. Also they keep half of their lights off. It feels way too dark for the type of food they're serving and looks like they're closed. It just doesnt feel fresh and they can't blame it on the older building because i've taken several classes at the real estate school in the same building and it's bright and fresher feeling in there. I like their island music though. 

They have a great concept and great food ideas but sadly not executed that great especially for the price. I'd much rather go to firefly even though they've had their health code issues lol. I probably will only come back if friends want to come here or if my boyfriend wants a light snack.
Where to start? I LOVE tapas...I mean LOVE...and when my husband suggested Nosh and Swig for a date night I started racking my thoughts...working in the food and beverage industry I hear EVERYTHING about new restaurants...and after much racking I vaguely remember a coworker describing it as delicious...so I figured we'd give it a go...but not before confirming that it had a great review via yelp...so away we went tonight..WOW!!! I can only describe the delicious menu combinations as a little slices of heaven...we were greeted promptly by Ashleigh and the ordering began right away because we were starving...she assured us we made yummy decisions and the journey began...we had the following:

Blueberry Mint Lemonade
Cucumber Lemonade (2)
Spicy Endamame
Lottsa Mozza
Paella
Pescado Torta
Pork Tacos
Korean Chicken Wings
Happy Ending Dessert

Ummmmm....completely epic...and what was more awesome than that? The bill! $67 with tax!!!! What?!!! Insane...and the attention to the smallest details in food preparation excites me...and they nailed it...from the perfectly spicy Kimchi on the wings to the delicious slaw on the pescado torta...Nosh and Swig doesn't miss a beat...the service was great (props to Ashleigh) and it was nice to see what I'm assuming was the manager on the floor helping out...(props to owners who care!) The set list performed by Jessica Manalo (the in house entertainment) could've kept my attention for decades!!! What a little star...there is nothing to fault at this delightful little restaurant...in fact I can't wait to tell all of my coworkers and friends to stop by and enjoy a night of pure greatness!!! We look forward to coming back!!! Thank you N and S!!!!
Wonderful local joint. Great food, cheap drinks and local musicians. They have daily drink specials too. We went for a quick drink and bite before a show, it was perfect. Potions just large enough to share but not over priced. Will defiantly go back.
I was excited about all the reviews and the tapas nature of this place, so we ventured here on a Wednesday night after work. For the hour we were there, there were only two other customers-- a woman in her 60's (who liked walking over and asking about what we ordered) and an older man who came in to watch a game. Is anything wrong with older people? Of course not, but it felt like it wasn't the demographic they were shooting for. 

THE GOOD: The popcorn at each table is cute and fairly tasty. The cheesy tots were good, but it's really hard to mess up tots (I mean, the school cafeteria pulled it off) but they weren't anything special. The ribstack was delicious, and the meat wasn't remotely dry. Very decent iced tea.

THE BLAND AND THE BAD: Sticky bun tacos were a small amount of meat and a TON of soft taco, kind of burying everything inside. The diablo eggs were an afterthought-- if you're "meh" on deviled eggs, these will not change your mind. The brulee salmon was almost tasteless... I LOVE salmon (raw is best, but anything well prepared is aces with me) but this was just so bland. So very, very bland.


Service was slow, and as noted-- the place was a ghost town. The young waiter seemed kind of annoyed that we were there (two quiet, friendly people; truly a nightmare!) and seemed uncomfortable in general. There were trying for that "expanded food truck" stainless steel decor inside, but when the place is empty and kinda messy and the service isn't particularly friendly... it felt a bit like eating in a room temperature meat locker. 2 1/2, a lot of wasted potential.
I'm especially fond of this restaurant because it's in my neighborhood and the owners are really friendly.  My favorite items on the menu are the Tokyo Crepe and the Sticky Bun Tacos... but I think I've tried everything and there isn't anything I wouldn't eat again. This is the kind of place where they learn your name and remember your favorite dishes. And it's a great choice for a big party because of the good service, tapas atmosphere and reasonable prices.
I really don't know where to begin, I've never had a bad experience here. The customer service is amazing. The drink menu is definitely not your typical drinks but everything is delicious, from the non-alcoholic drinks served in mason jars to the crunchberries and sake drink that are to die for!!! Everything I've tried food wise I loved even some stuff that I didn't want to try I ended up loving after one bite.  The beef jerky and edamame are the first things I order the moment I sit down and while enjoying my crunchberries and the free popcorn I decide what other favorites I'm going to chose from... The poke is amazing along with the Steve-o grilled cheese... I always save room for dessert so make sure you do also! They are coming out with a new menu next week so I will update after the new items roll out!
Came here for a bite to eat on a weeknight as I live very close to this place and I had stalked their menu (which is apparently going to be revamped soon, so sorry if some of this will soon be outdated). 

The layout of this place is a little weird and it was really hot inside. They appeared to have a portable AC unit but it was really far away. 

The service was a little off to me. Just came over and non-nonchalantly handed us their menu and set down our drinks. Hardly a greeting when we came in the door and no recommendations when ordering. That is why a star had to be knocked off. In this tough business, you must try and make your business stand out with some personality and customer service. 

The food was hit or miss. Loved the popcorn that came before the meal. I thought that was a really fun concept. The sticky bun tacos were a bust for us. The bun was underwhelming and the pork belly was super dry. There were not enough flavors in the toppings to add some dimension to the dish. The tuna in the poke was not as fresh as I would like, but a good flavor. The pretzel brats were pretty great. I kept sniffing them because they smelled like a doughnut to me and I was totally puzzled. When I took off the bun to slather some mustard, I noticed what appeared to be cinnamon and butter on the bun. Whatever it was, it worked. The elote was also fantastic and probably my favorite of all of the dishes. 

I would not be opposed to checking out this place again after their menu is re-vamped but I may see what other reviewers have to say about it first. Hopefully they will instill some more character into their service to try and bump themselves up above the rest.
This place is awesome. Love the small plates which allows you to try a few different things. Service was on point and very helpful. We got to try some new menu items since a new menu was about to come out. The only downside was it was very hot inside, I'm not sure if the AC was broken or not. I will definitely return to checkout the new menu.
The part of Vegas I live in isn't particularly known for its cuisine. I generally have to drive 15+ minutes to eat something awesome. When Nosh and Swig opened last year I couldn't have been happier. It's a sparkling gem of my neighborhood. Truly. 

The owners and staff are warm and friendly. The food is fun tapas with gourmet twists. I'm always surprised by the ingenious combinations of ingredients the chef comes up with. I've tried almost everything on the menu. At least once. And I'm always excited  to go back. 

And homemade French macarons. I just finished off half a dozen like 5 minutes ago. There's love in the food they make. You can tell. And that's what I look for in a restaurant. Inspired creations. What's better than that?
First walking into Nosh I had the feeling of walking into an episode of Portlandia, lol.  little brother said it smelled like ZIA record store and reminded him of the now closed Yayo Tacos across UNLV.  Indeed the hip 90's are alive in the decor here.  Reggae covers of popular songs and more reggae played.  Not exactly what I expected with the advertising and pictures of food I saw, kinda like meeting someone from Facebook for the first time.  You kind of have to just accept some things.  The wait staff was very polite but didn't seem like the server type.  The food here is what I described as perfect for any Tommy Chong fan.  There were some fun dishes and then some were trying to be refined ones.  I found everything to be a bit over priced.  

The drinks were good.  One member ordered the Fruit Punch tea another had the Thai tea and I ordered the Cream lemonade.  They were all tasty and large portioned.  
 
Chicharon - porkbelly and tots' with cheese and sauces in a small skillet plate.
Decent not amazing.

Drunken (sailor?) sliders - had a nice fat patty and an egg on it with some great sauce in there.  Very good sliders!  You bite into a yolk and then pow that sweet sauce kicks in.  

Naan-ya business - essentially a naan bread rendition of a margherita pizza.  Italian parsley, artichoke, garlic and I think some baby spinach leaves.  Meh.

Requested* Truffle tots - did not see a speck of truffle in them or taste even "truffle" oil at all at least.  Came with a big portion of katsup.  Yeck!  Did not care to spend 4$ on plain ol' tater tots..

Sticky bun tacos - These were basically bbq pork siopao.  I love dim sum but I'm not a big fan of sticky bun.  A bit skimpy.  

Cock- a-waffle-do - Fried chicken and waffles with blueberry sauce.  Waffle was soggy chicken was fried till dried.  It was bigger portioned and pretty though.

Lechon - 3 pieces of pork roasted then fried served with a heavy bannana type sauce.  This pretty much is like something we've had at Filipino restaurants.  Gave us a hint at what the over all menu partially stemmed from.  Great, but way over priced.

Desert was Shaved Ice.  Had purple yam ice cream in the middle and frosted flakes on top with condensed milk on bottom.  Too much cereal in this one.  Not worth 10$

All in all for the bill of 95$ including the tip at Nosh & Swig, I would much rather have gone to Firefly Tapas and added a carafe of Mojito along with it for the same price.  Maybe we'll give Nosh' another chance some day..
So I was lucky enough to be wandering around Mill towards the lake on this gorgeous spring evening with hubby.  We saw that the patio bar outside of Monti's Casa Vieja is finally open!   It's called Tempe's Front Porch (TFP for short, according to the wait staff's shirt logos).  

The space is inviting, with stone half-walls, comfy outdoor sofas, a big bar, shade sails, and fire pits that came on at dusk.  We ordered all sorts of happy hour food/small plates - my fave was the short rib street tacos, we also tried the chorizo eggs, chicken lollipops (spicy).  The drinks were the highlight - a spicy Fiery Mandarin orange/cran/jalepeno concoction, and a light and refreshing cucumber Collins - I could see drinking that in July for certain.

Well, Yelp's formatting is not letting me go back and edit anything easily in this review, so I'll stop here.  I did take photos since the real thing that pushes this Front Porch over to five stars is the location (right across from Tempe Beach Park/the Waterfront) and the ambiance... you can see part of the Flour Mill and once the trees get a little bigger, this place is just going to be smoking.  

Yay!  The holy grail, I hope I'm the first reviewer!  :)  Cheers!
Tonight is a soft opening on a fabulous patio!    The food was better than the service.  The drinks were verrrry slow through the evening .   Our favorites were : street tacos , quesadillas, sliders,  sweet potato fries with avocado ranch dip (yum),  mashed potatoes / bacon appetizer and chicken lollipops!   We're disappointed with the service, but looking forward to coming back!
We were waiting for dinner at Monti's and headed out to the Front Porch to check it out.  Great happy hour menu but you could tell staff was still working out a few kinks.  I wish it had been a bit warmer, cool windy evening and only two heaters.  Great view, good cocktails and nice 5 for $5 happy hour appies.  I'll come again!
The Porch is a very cool addition to Mill Avenue. It's an outdoor drinking and dining destination at Rio Salado and Mill, right across from Tempe Beach Park and outside of Monti's La Casa Vieja. The views of the lake, mountains and even the Flour Mill help make it a great place just to hang out. 

Just about everyone has known of Monti's has steaks, burgers, seafood and their Roman bread for decades but a completely different dining and bar experience is found on Tempe's Front Porch. You'll find a much more contemporary and urban menu and feel.  Grab some Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Chorizo Deviled Eggs, Kobe Beef Sliders, bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates, short rib street tacos, prim rib quesadilla and more. The daily happy hour from 4-7pm with 5 for $5.00 food specials is pretty tough to beat.

They also have a choice of 13 different beers on tap with some really good selections. I'm a pretty big fan of the Left Coast Voodoo Stout. The wine list is extensive, the margaritas and specialty cocktails are awesome, and the large whiskey menu is one of the best around.

This outdoor patio seats up to 130 people, has table top seating along with large comfortable couches and chairs, three fire pits, a misting system, television sets and a nice open feel facing Tempe Town Lake.  Monti's and TFP have ample parking which is certainly a bonus AND they are located very close to the Mill Avenue light rail station, so it is convenient for anyone looking for a spot on Mill.
We stumbled upon this place while trying to eat at Monti's on the new patio.  Apparently they are owned by the same people but are trying to bring in a younger crowd with a creative flair to drinks and food.  The patio was really well built and pleasing to the eye; there are a few flat screens and they have large speakers always playing music.  I have to add that the music playlist was pretty terrible though.  Service was top notch and everything tasted great!  I really enjoyed the interesting combinations the chef came up with; nothing disappointed.  They also have a good selection of spirits, and I thought it was pretty neat that there was an option for bourbon flights.  

This place can be pretty spendy so be prepared for that, but I thought the experience and quality of food was worth the money.
What a great new addition to the entrance to Mill Avenue!

Michael Monti has done a great job crafting an urban, inviting atmosphere with Tempe's Front Porch. Sixteen great craft beer tap handles will satisfy any beer nerd, and the food pairs nicely. I enjoyed the ceviche, and the chorizo-stuffed dates are quite the delicacy.

It has plenty of cozy dining couches, tables, and bar seating, with an attentive and responsive wait staff. Then again, I was sitting with Michael Monti last night, and that might have gathered me a little extra attention. But everyone looked like they were  getting great service, too.

Situated on the north side of Monti's La Casa Vieja should keep the sun at bay this summer. And the addition of high sun screens and a misting system will hopefully make it bearable when the heat usually has us staying inside.

I'm looking forward to my return!
Stopped in after rowing races with my son and daughter-in-law.  She is on a diet and was accomodated with chicken, which was not on the menu.  I was amazed at the wide adult beverage options.  Marcus was doing double duty behind the bar and serving.  He sat down in the empty chair filling us in on upcoming events.  Our food was a bit late in coming out, we did not mention it.  He brought our bill and gave us happy hour prices to compensate.  The food was perfect for a patio.  I had the sonorand dog, tasty. Son had fish tacos (not my fave here).   Marcus made lunch extra pleasant.
Went here a few weeks ago with my boyfriend. I'm addicted to al fresco dining and was excited about this new addition to Mill Ave. It's connected to Monti's (which I have never been to but have heard great things about). 

The ambiance is very hip and urban. The music isn't annoying which is a plus. Drinks were fantastic. I had a pomegranate mojito and it was quite refreshing. One thing I did not like was the "5 for $5 Get Your Fix" menu, which I wasn't aware prior to going was only for happy hour. There was a particular veg-friendly item that I wanted, but I was informed that they were no longer serving it. That was a bummer. I opted for the fries and quesadilla (sans meat). My boyfriend got the sliders. Our food was really good. I ordered the sweet potato and regular fries and it came with various dipping sauces (including some marshmallow concoction! Yum?) I overestimated the size of the quesadilla and realized that I got entirely too much food! 

When the check came, I was a little bummed that they charged me full price for the quesadilla even though I didn't want the meat. I guess I shouldn't expect those things. I will likely be back despite that. Those fries are worth it enough for a return visit!
Just popped in for a couple beverages during the end of Happy Hour on a great breezy night in Tempe. Happy Hour has great prices for most drinks. The margarita is made with fresh juices, so it takes longer, but tastes better than that crappy sour mix used everywhere. At $4, it was a great beverage. They had some food, some snacks, but nothing seemed appealing to us, so we just enjoyed some Lebron and the evening breezes. It's too bad you can't see A mountain from the bar and the glare is pretty brutal on the TV set until the sun goes down, but still a nice patio and outdoor bar.
This place high really high reviews but unfortunately was let down. Food was ok. Service was terrible. There was no one there and it took the guy 10-15 min to come to our table. Food came out quick which was good and the portion size was fine. Drinks were great and fresh! They use fresh juices and no mixes. It's a great patio for a nice evening with friends. 

Please also note that this is connected to Monti's Restaurant. The inside is Monti's and the outside is Tempe Front Porch. No signage.
The ambiance is cool but we went a few weeks ago for the first time while it was still 100 degrees out at midnight and one night out for a walk we decided to stop by and check it out.  The misters were turned off at 8:30 pm just a couple minutes before we got there and they would not turn them back on.  I checked the temperature on my phone it was a very uncomfortable 97 degrees so that was a little weird.  We sat down and had the kobe beef sliders and a glass of red wine.  My wine was $8 or $9 cant remember other than it being on the more expensive side for how horrible and warm it was.  I didn't expect the wine to be warm.  That was a first for me, warm wine yuck.  I mean really warm not just room temp warm we are talkin warm warm.  I didnt think there was anything special about the sliders.  Great location, great outdoor patio, great for people watching but service, food and drinks not good.  Overall pretty disappointed.
My new hang out spot. Dani, the server, was wonderful. The appetizers were great! That's all we ate, the tacos and the Chicken Lolipops. Price was perfect for happy hour.
Nice quaint place to sit outside and have some drinks but forget the food! No bueno for the price! Our Ahi Tuna Cevechi was all ketchup liquid  with about one table spoon of chopped of jalapeños and onion and 1 tablespoons of tuna it's served in a large margarita glass! But Francisco was wonderful he made it ALL RIGHT! Thanks Francisco your the best
While strolling down the north end of Mill Ave from Tempe Town Lake I was accosted by the smell of grilling beef coming from Monti's La Casa Vieja Steakhouse.  I changed my plans and crossed the street to Monti's where I was greeted outside by a young woman who said something unintelligible but obviously polite.

I asked to sit at the new outside porch area. She then explained that the outside had a different menu, different drinks and a different vibe than inside--though a common owner. 

I chose to sit outside. She immediately recommended the prime rib quesadilla, "it's my favorite on the outside menu."

I was disappointed at the menu.  It seemed a bit limited and not the traditional fare that I was used to at the old Monti's inside.

So I sat down and ordered the quesadilla.  The server said, "that's my favorite on this menu."  When another man delivered my food (complete with a white and purple flower on the corner) he said, "this is my favorite on the menu." 

My thought was that Michael Monti must have trained these parrots well.

My plate looked like some slightly greasy quesadilla slices with hand cut corn on top, and a flower on the side.

Then I ate it.

And, holy crap, it may be the tastiest item I've ever had on Mill Ave.

A server asked a customer nearby how his meal was and just walked right by me. I demanded his attention and, without much acknowledgement, he said, "I'm not even going to ask you."

"Yes," I told him. "They really are that good."

I won't describe all the ingredients, but the words that come to mind are these: "Cacophony becomes symphony."

So, if you venture out to my adopted home of Mill Ave drop by Monti's Tempe Front Porch and ask for the Prime Rib Quesadilla. 

Don't expect anyone to ask if you enjoyed them.
Seriously loved this place!  The only negative is that I called to say we would have a large group (11 or 12) people on a Tuesday night.  I was told I don't really need reservations but whoever answered the phone reluctantly took my name.  This information must not have been saved or passed on because the place got busy and they were way understaffed.  The food and drinks took forever to come out and were one at a time.  However, with our group that wanted to stay and chat it wasn't a problem at all.

I loved the outdoor ambiance.  The rocks and fire pits and comfy couches were awesome.  The service was very friendly.  We got many dished comped at our table.  I'm not sure if the kitchen was preparing duplicate orders or what but we enjoyed that perk.

The mojitos were delicious as were the popcorn, veggie quesadilla, cauliflower and tacos.  Mmmmm... Can't wait to go back.
We stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon after a petwalk on Tempe town lake, so we had four dogs in tow. Since this new patio opened they allow dogs! Yay! We were warned by the hostess that they were short staffed but she brought us waters right away. We did end up waiting quite a while. Normally I would have gotten up and left, and at one point I told my friend that I might be heading out. I guess there was confusion between the only two servers and they thought we had already been helped.
 
Once they got that squared away the server we had was friendly and kept checking on us. We just got drinks and by looking at their menu they seem to specialize in whiskey cocktails. Two of my friends got a mimosa carafe for $10, which was on special. I had a glass of wine for $8. 

The hostess really is what made me stay. She was so sweet and also brought water for our dogs, and came back around to refill their bowls. Like I said, usually if I have to wait that long for my cocktail I just want to leave. However the service we did have was good and you can usually win over a dog owner if you are good to our furry friends. So for this reason they get four stars from me.
What looked like a phenomenal French toast on the menu turned out to be nothing like the menu advertised. Slow inefficient service for brunch. Not impressed.
My review is pretty much in synch with everyone else's.

Good:
The food (when you finally get it)! Standouts: Lobster and Corn lawd jesus. The Gin drink named after royalty. Can't remember the name but it was great! 
The varied menu - So many cool things to try. 
The drinks - Delicious, inventive, tons of them to try and MANY weekly specials (see below).

The Bad:
The service...I mean I saw 3 people in black shirts standing around, and TWO hostesses. Do you need that many people taking you to your table? I mean, it's self seating...for the most part.

Lastly, the bartender was working her BUTT off. She was hustling like she was in that movie about having Flow. Get it girl. I just think, Management needs to talk to the rest of the staff. It's almost...irritating to see so many people just standing around. 

Bottom line: Really good food, really great drinks, poor service.

Here are some of the daily drink specials:

Margarita Monday-$3 off specialty margaritas from 7pm-close.
Guys Night Out Tuesday-1/2 off whiskey, bourbon, and scotch from 7pm-close.
Paper Bag Beer Special Wednesday- random beer in a bag for $1 from 7pm-close.
Ladies Night Thursday-$3 off glasses of wine and $3 360 vodka drinks from 7pm-close.
Fireball Friday-$2 shots of Fireball from 7pm-close.
$10 Mimosa Carafes Saturday-Get a mimosa carafe for $10 from 11am-3pm.
$10 Bloody Mary Carafes Sunday- Get a bloody mary carafe for $10 from 11am-3pm.
Food was very good and looked even better. Only people there that day, so service was good. A little hard to find the place. Had a Living Social deal so it was well worth the money.
Outside ambiance was nice, but there is a loud traffic noise and the planes coming over head.
I would come back for the deal, but probably not if I had to pay full price, even though the prices are reasonable.
This phantasmagoric establishment is highly underrated. Not only is the music incredibly hip, but so is every item on the menu - both cocktail and food.

Not to mention, their brunch from 10-2 every weekend is worth the visit.

Ideal time to come and discover the menu is during Happy Hour, when you can sample 5 of their incredible tapas for $5.  A MUST TRY is the chicken lollipops with spicy buffalo sauce.  Be sure to order them with the gorgonzola bleu cheese.  Also of note are the street tacos, and the Frito Delight (fried cauliflower, queso fresca, and buffalo sauce)

Cocktail menu is varied and impressive, and you can't go wrong with any of their cocktails combining fresh squeezed juices and all natural ingredients.  For a fabulous taste of the Southwest, try the "All natural hand crafted margarita", with El charro silver organic tequila, freshly squeezed lime and oj, and all natural agave nectar.  For lighter and refreshing options there is the "Cucumber Collins" and "Cu-liad" both made with square one organic cucumber vodka and freshly squeezed lemon juice.  There are more traditional cocktails like the "Dark and Stormy" and the "Hemingway", but also a dozen margaritas and various other cocktails, an impressive selection of bourbons whiskeys and scotch, as well as classic cocktails like "the manhattan".

It's a perfect place to drink, and they have prepared a snack menu along with tapas, accordingly.  You will find everything from bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates to truffled heirloom and parmesan popcorn.

Sonoran hot dogs, Lobster and corn, kobe beef sliders...the Front Porch has something for the most discerning, or laid back palate.

Now that they have started brunch on the weekends, be expecting all of your breakfast comfort foods, and a large selection of southwestern inspired dishes such as street tacos with scrambled eggs and green chili pulled pork.

This is definitely one of my "go-to" spots for snacking, dining, and drinking, in Tempe's Mill Avenue district.
This is the front porch of Monti's, my boyfriend and I were pretty confused looking for it.  It's outdoors with a bunch of heating lamps, be sure to sit next to one if you get cold easily.  So we came here for the tapas aka small plate appetizers.  The thing that surprised us was that the tapas were not small at all! We almost ordered too much.  Our food:

Prime rib Quesadillas- packed with flavor really good the first few bites in but after a little bit it got overwhelming.  If they didn't try to pack so much cheese and veggies into it it might have gotten 5 stars.  Sometimes less is better. I would order this for a group though.. really good!

Salmon tartar- my least favorite dish we ordered.  Packed ingredients in a mason jar which was a great presentation but the salmon didn't seem so fresh was very fishey.  

Short rib tacos-  This was well worth $5 packed with meat and toppings.  The meat could have been a little more moist but I'm honestly not going to complain for the sake of the price. 

There are a lot of selections we are definately coming back to try! Maybe this time with a bigger group.  I would give it 3.5 stars.. but I rounded up.  

Great place for a big group to hang out, have some drinks, and share food!

Will be back to try the rest of the tapas
Stopped in for a glass of wine tonight
The bartender, Patrick, noticed me going through the wine list...
Asked me what I liked
Offered some suggestions and even some samples
I found a Pinot noir that I liked and had a glass
He offered to serve food but I was only there for the glass of wine 

It was a lovely evening and I was living for the outdoor heaters 

I will for sure be back...
love their wknd brunch menu!! Each item comes with 16 oz. draft beer. Well worth the $$!!
I would not have found the place if I didn't read the reviews.  Its an outdoor seating area that is next to the entrance to Monti's across from the park.  Even as we approached I wasn't sure, then realized their shirts say Tempe's Front Porch.

So I think they're trying to be a hip young place.  Its a great spot for people watching for sure.  The food's not terrible, but also nothing to write home about.

We got the fries - sweet and regular which was nice.  It came with 3 sauces that were all every sweet...  Not a huge fan of them.  I ended up using the sauce from the chorizo stuffed dates (bbq).  The fries were crisp though and not too greasy or salty.

The short rib tacos were ok, the meat was slightly on the dry side.  Can use a little more than shredded lettuce on top.

The chicken lollipops were just pieces of grilled chicken with Red Hot on it.  Not impressed at all.

The yukon potato dish was terrible.  Its a slice of deep fried potato (think extra thick kettle chip) with shredded meat/chorizo(?) on top with some sour cream and a slice of raw jalapeno on top of it all.  Raw.  Poor plan, poor execution - zero points for this dish.

The chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon was actually pretty good, also hard to mess up.  Had bbq sauce on it.  

Everything came with a splash of red pepper flakes and parsley on top.  

Its a neat little spot to hang out in, but I have to agree with the others that the service is on the slow side.  We almost had a 1:1 server to customer ratio and it was still slow so I can only imagine.  The service was friendly and willing - just very slow.  The food is NOT very impressive.  I think an above average home cook would easily come up with better dishes than these.  Happy hour deals aren't great either because the portion size is very small.  If anything it's priced right.  I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
Great place!
I loved the atmosphere- and the food was also fantastic.

Came here for happy hour, and was pleased by the food offerings, and their prices.
I did wish that they had more specialty drinks on happy hour specials (as they only had wine, well and beer specials).
Great location and when the weather is nice it's pretty awesome.  The food is decent but the quality could be improved quite a bit. We got the mimosa carafe but it wasn't made with real champagne. It was crazy sweet. So we asked the waitress if they had different champagne. They did not but she literally went and found a bottle of brut and made us new mimosas. Pretty awesome service.  I haven't tried the happy hour but it's looks pretty awesome.  We need to explore the menu a bit more.  All in all a good experience.
Tempe Front Porch get ready to be put on blast!!!!..... Well first of all we planned on going to Monti's for lunch, didn't realize that TFP isn't actually Monti's, but we wanted to sit outside. We got there at 2:40 for a late lunch, sat down, waited about 20min to finally see our server(Samantha) and place a drink order. We saw her walk by atleast 10 times without saying anything to us (and that's rounding down, prob was more like 15 times), along with all the other servers walking by numerous times with no help. Luckily the hostess was nice enough to bring us waters after she saw we hadn't been helped the first 10min. So after I finally got my beer it had been 35min since we sat down. Food came out relatively quick, tasted great. Yet for some reason our aunts soup and salad took the longest and came out 5min after all of the other entrees. Never got any water refills, or asked if we wanted more drinks. Heck we barely even saw her to ask for more drinks or water. Then when we were ready for our bill, didn't see her for a while, probably about 20min or so of when we were ready for our bill until she finally brought it to us. 
So I'm guessing this was Samantha's first shift?? Or first ever serving job?? Really wish we had just stayed inside and had lunch at Monti's. Definitely never going to sit on the crappy patio again. The while experience was a joke. If my wife and I weren't with family we would've definitely walked out whole we were waiting 20min for a server to help us.
Great deals, great food!  Went there for HH before the Dry River Yacht Club show at the Flour Mill.  $3 off draft beers and wine specials.  Try the Chorizo Stuffed Bacon Wrapped Dates...amazing!  The Short Rib Street Tacos were excellent as well.  Perfect spot to start a night in Tempe.
What a cool spot! We weren't looking for a big/heavy dinner and this place was spot on! We went on the recommendation of a friend - perfect spot!

Jessie took great care of us, didn't flinch when we asked about mocktails/non alcoholic drinks. When a party at the bar was standing a little too close to our table (nothing quite like turning your head and looking at someone's butt less than a foot away), he asked if I was uncomfortable and then asked the offending party to move. 

We ordered 3 appetizers - nachos, quesadillas and shrimp/calamari - all were delicious! 

The staff was on it from the minute we walked in and we were well taken care of. I don't know if we'd go during the hot summer but, for a beautiful spring evening, it was perfect!
4 stars for location and maybe 3 for food. Drink specials weren't amazing but not bad either. The location is what makes this place - right outside Monti's in a great patio. 

We went before a concert and had a few drinks and some apps. The positives of the food were that you could get $5 tapas but they were pretty simple. Our favorite was the braised beef and chirizo on the sweet potato chip. It  was filling and tasty. The taco had braised beef but wasn't my favorite. It was really messy and just didn't taste as good. We also had the chicken lollipops which were different than i thought they would be - they were grilled chicken with franks red hot on top. Now don't get me wrong, that combo can't do anyone wrong, but for a restaurant/bar with that kind of rep, you would think they were the bone in wings, frenched and then presented differently. Call me whatever you want for that comment - just saying.

Anyway, we will be back here anytime we are around since we did have fun, we had great service and it is a great patio. For the money, the food wasn't the worst but i would rather go somewhere else, even if it was a bit more money.
Well last night we decided to check this new place out. Just to see how it was. For a saturday night in spring mnt it was terrible service. There was maybe 3 other tables that were occupied with us and they still keep forgetting my orders. There were a few interesting items in the menu but nothing really stands out and the taste were a little bland. The sashimi was pretty big than normal and fresh. But the other sushi had a powdery taste to it. So had to water it down just to get the taste out. The place looks really nice and spacious inside. Maybe in a couple of weeks we will come back to see if anything changes. 
For their grand opening they should have advertised and did some kind of special to lure more customers in the store.
Group of 3 of us went back and try again to give them a chance. But seem like nothing change, get worst than before, server kept forget our order, server didn't even know ikura or shirashi is or tamago, tabigo, kani or hotate, or maki roll. Server don't even know what that was. Omg
Atmosphere  I give 60%
Ambience  I give 20%
Service I give 10%
Food I give 10% 
A lot of improve for this restaurant,  worst to dine back
Amazing food, horrible customer service. One server had me, my sister & nephew waiting for 15 mins. just so we can be seated. She had a lot of opening tables. Really aggravated us, so we left. Only good thing is the food.