Closed
It makes me sad that Peacemeal closed. It was a great idea and the food was pretty damn good.  Peace out, Peacemeal.
I miss it! Anyone know where I can get their recipe for lentil loaf? That stuff was perfect fall/winter food.

Should not have closed. :(
Rumbi Island Grill offers a unique alternative to many eateries in the North Scottsdale area.  The have a variety of grilled chicken sandwiches, salads and rice bowls.  

But what keeps me coming back is the chips and mango salsa!  It is very sweet and not what you expect at all.  Check it out!
Rumbi's is a pretty yummy place.  They only have a couple vegetarian options (rice/noodle bowls with veggies and tofu) but it's good eats.  I also highly reccommend their chips with mango salsa, and their fresh-brewed mango iced tea.
I heart Rumbi!!!! Every single thing I've eaten here was good. I highly recommend the Aloha Mango Salad (hold the onions, though, they taste kinda weird in it), or the Bali Island Rice Bowl with Pulled Pork. Anything you get is bound to be over the top delicious though. The mango iced tea is really good, too. Their food is absolutely addictive!
Rumbi is probably the most-frequented place in our workday lunch rotation.  I describe it to people as a poor-gal's Tommy Bahama.  The decor is island-ish (squint your eyes really hard and pretend you're on vacation) and the staff is friendly enough to make-believe that you're a guest at a tropical resort.  Okay, maybe that last part is a bit of an overpromise, but a girl can dream...

The hulu salad is really tasty and almost a little too large(I highly recommend asking them to do a spinach/romaine combo), but lately I have been jonesing for the luau pork plate with rumbi rice (pulled pork, coconut rice with red beans, some mac salad and a bit of coleslaw--so yummy, I crave it).  The food is pretty reasonably-priced for what you get, and it's the "fast casual" style where you walk up and order and then they bring it out to you.  

When you get sick of wraps or sandwiches in the Promenade-area, give Rumbi a try to mix it up.  I think it would be hard to be disappointed.  Aloha!
Awesome walk in place for a bite to eat.  You order up at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  The atmosphere is going for an island theme, and the waiters are very nice and helpful.  The food is really, they also have your average burger and fries, which is fine for me!  Had never tried fries with thousand island and now I love it.
I've seen good descriptions of the restaurant in the other reviews so I will just tell you about my food... 

I ordered the pork sandwich with Asian slaw and it came with mixed sweet potato and regular potato fries. I really liked it! The pork was a little salty but I liked that the fries came with a thousand island dipping sauce. Overall I liked it and will go back to try other things... 

I'm having a little problem paying $12.00 for an everyday lunch but I guess I need to get over that cause it seems that most all places cost around the same... $10-12
Really good salads.  Like other posters, a $12 lunch seems a bit high to me, but it is par for the area - but it a semi-selfserve restaurant, just a tick too high.

Never left here disappointed with the food and the service staff are always very friendly.
We really enjoyed this place. They had great bowls with lots to pick from.  I had teriyaki chicken with noodles and my wife had Bali island pork with brown rice.  The food was great and they even had mac and cheese for our little one.  Kids eat free all summer, you cant beat that.  We are looking forward to our next visit :)
For being a fast casual restaurant, this place is pretty good. I ordered the volcano blackened mahi with coconut rice - tasty food, well prepared fish and large portions!  Also ordered the key lime pie which was only so-so. For a quick dinner, this place is a go.
Great, fresh food with a pretty varied menu sure to please many. Gotta love the retro island decor inside, too. I munched on a rice bowl, filled with crisp veggies, brown rice, and tofu. The teriyaki sauce is very flavorful and just the right amount. The mango iced tea was delicious, too. Friendly staff to boot.
The fish tacos with "Rumbi Rice" (coconut rice) is the best $8 I can think of spending.  Really, really, really good.  It's a fast food-ish type of place but THE BEST fast food I've ever had.  As long as you're not looking for a glamorous spot, this place wins.
This is another work lunch takeout place for me and it always does me right. I always get the Jerk Chicken bowl with rumbi rice and have never been disappointed by it. Good flavor, lots of chicken and veggies and rumbi rice is simply delicious. I personally like to add hot sauce and also sometimes splurge on a cup of tortilla soup -which is pretty freakin great. There's alot of cheese on top of the soup so lactose intolerants beware!
After shopping up a storm at Designer Studio Boutique & Tailoring and inducting Denise into our family - she recommended the Rumbi Island Grill. Considering it was just at the other side of the parking lot we were easy game. My sisters, Mom, and I walked into the place to check out the menu and were pleasantly surprised - there was a lot of healthy and delicious looking options to choose from. 

I went for the Voodoo chicken salad and was so impressed and thought it was absolutely delicious! The chicken was moist and flavorful, the sauce was tasty and not overdone. It was a filling yet light meal. 

The place was very clean and comfortable and the perfect break between shopping trips!
My personal meal deserves no stars, but since my co-workers all seemed to like their meals, and I will probably go again and try something else, I gave it two stars.

Mostly, the reason I felt compelled to add a review was as a warning.  Rubmi's take on tortilla soup is disgusting.  I gave it enough of a chance to try all the parts; the salty coconut broth, the fatty chicken and the clumpy mozzarella.  I honestly can't believe they put it on the menu because from construction to execution it is just awful.  The mozzarella clumps up so it is basically a blob of melted semi-warm cheese at the bottom.  Inedible.  The flavor of the broth made my stomach turn after a couple bites and it made its way to the trash can fast.  I don't remember the last time I would've asked for refund someplace, I usually just accept if I don't like something it is a matter of preference.  I would have taken it back and asked for a refund, probably asked them to try it and tell me it wasn't "off" today.  Unfortunately, we carried out and I lost that opportunuity :(    

If this place is as good as everyone else says, definitely do not bother with this crap in a cup.  Even on a cold day, even in a blizzard, do not order the soup.
Good stuff! We visit Scottsdale a few times a year, and while I like this place, my girlfriend is addicted to it. She loves the coconut soup. I have tried the rice bowl, and the fish tacos. My favorite is the fish tacos. They were crispy, yet soft, and had a really good dressing and cabbage mixture on top. Last time we went we ordered the sweet potato fries for the first time, and they will now be on our list every time.
Had a very good salad there today - Voodo Chicken Salad.  Less than 700 calories, and filled me up.  I asked for the house balsamic, it's pretty amazing.  Might have to eat there for lunch again tomorrow!
Don't eat the tortilla soup and you'll be pretty safe.  On par with a Baja Fresh but with the island twist.
This was my second time eating here and it was just as good the second time around.  The service was fast and friendly and the food was really good.  I had the Aloha Salad which was listed as one of their favorites.  It was filling and full of flavor.  I will say that now a days forking over close to $9 for a salad is tough for me but the atmosphere, music and free WiFi made up for it.
Rumbi is a great spot for rice bowls in North Scottsdale. The place is kind of cute--the interior is totally decked out Hawaiian style, so it's a welcomed change from the usual lunch routine. 

The rice bowls are pretty good. I almost always get the chicken bowls with teriyaki sauce, and I'm never disappointed. In particular, the chicken is really good--none of that scary brown meat that other rice bowl places have as their standard. 

The only time I had a meh experience was when I got the noodles with the spicy Thai peanut sauce. The noodles looked and tasted like greasy spaghetti, so I now know better and stay away from that. 

A tip to know is that the bowls come in two sizes, full size and half size. The full size is like a buck or two more than the half size, but you're pretty much paying for more rice. The half size is is pretty good portion for most, so stick with that unless you're uber hungry.
There's a little bit of an island vibe going on right here in Arizona.

This casual place makes me smile.  Yes, it's just a step above a fast food place, but the vibe is tropical and the food is tasty and prepared fresh to order.   When you walk in, you'll notice the island music playing, the ceiling fans turning and some kitschy Hawaiian posters on the wall.  The air is filled with aromas of teriyaki, Jamaican jerk, island spice rubs.

Take a look at the menu on the wall and then approach the counter to place your order.  You pay and they give you one of those big plastic numbers to place on your table so the food server can match you to your order.  While waiting (not long) you help yourself to the beverage station, sodas, water, and the specially prepared Mango Iced Tea, which is amazing.  I just can't get enough of that Mango Iced Tea.

Looking around, it seems that most customers order the rice bowls.  You choose a meat (chicken, steak, shrimp, etc.) then pick a sauce flavor (teriyaki, Jamaican Jerk, Bali Island, Honey-orange), and then your choice of rice (white, brown, noodles).   Looks really good.  I typically order one of their big entrée salads.  I alternate between their Voodoo Chicken Salad and their Aloha Chicken Salad. I can't decide which one I like better.  My husband loves their Volcano-Blackened Mahi Mahi plate.  Where else can you get perfectly spiced Mahi topped with tropical fruit salsa, rice, and a salad for under $ 10?  Yum, tasty and a great value.

It's just a simple little place, but every time I eat here, it reminds me how much I love Hawaii and hope to return someday.  Until then...Aloha.
I was very happy with the food here; I got a full size rice bowl, and it made for two very large meals, all for about $9. Can't beat that with a stick.

On top of that, it was super tasty. Although, don't go there expecting any spice. At all. Even their "spicy teriyaki" sauce didn't have so much as a hint of spice.

This will definitely be added to my list of lunch spots in the area.
Say it ain't so!!! So sad that this place closed down. My coworkers and I were in shock when we arrived today only to see the sign being taken down and everything being packed up. Now we're all in mourning, wondering where we're going to get our rice bowl fix. You will be missed, Rumbi!
Jerk Chicken Rice Bowl - takeout
I went over lunchtime.  My order took over 15 minutes to fill.  I'd give a lower rating, but the food is tremendous.  I'll definitely be back.  The place closes at 8PM.
I've been to Saboten twice and it was very good.  It's basic fair, nothing special, but done very well. Basic noodle or rice-bowl type dishes, some sushi, etc.  The biggest draw is that it is locally owned and has very reasonable prices. My wife and I recently went there for a quick dinner and had two entres and an order of sushi for under $20.
Closed! big fat greek express now!
Had a friend recommend this restaurant when she found out I'd been eating vegetarian lately. Am I ever glad she did! The food was cheap, absolutely delicious and completely veggie. It's a cafeteria-style serving situation, and there were lots of seats, mostly full.

The spanakopita was great, the cannelloni was also very good and they have ginger beer. The second night I went in, there was a live band playing enjoyable music at a good volume.

I really can't recommend this place highly enough!
Susie's is vegetarian comfort food at it's finest. Generous portions and a laid back, funky environment. I felt right at home here. The veggie burrito was outstanding and the staff was super friendly. Convenient location close to the University and many Fringe Festival Venues. A great place to relax and refuel or just hang out.
delicious and such a find while my time in edinburgh.  it was exactly the right distance from the university for the moments when i had serious food craves. this place gradually became a home. the food is affordable (expect to spend 4-6#), come in large portions, and there is an array of veggie/vegan-minded fare for every heart's desire. expect soups, salad options, stews, and stir-fries all cooked with integrity and charm. the climate is down-to-earth and relaxed, with a lot of wooden furniture and art only appropriate for all that good food you are having. for those who like to drink, you can byob. a solid 4-4.5 stars.
I never thought I'd award a vegetarian place 5 stars, but Susie's really is amazing.

I go there whenever I can't be bothered to cook my own lunch but still want to eat healthily, and I've never been disappointed here. I usually go for the medium salad plate, where you get to choose 3 from any of the 6 yummy salads on offer, for £5. They also offer a 2-salad option for £4 or a 4-salad option for £6 if you're really hungry, but with the medium I always find myself leaving with a nively full feeling, whilst at the same time feeling very smug for eating such healthy food.

The salads on offer are always different every time you go, but last time I had chopped beef tomatoes with fresh basil and black olives, a green leafy salad with avocado and sliced peppers, and an aubergine cous cous salad. It all tasted really fresh and had loads of flavour.

I had a nosey at the hot food menu on my way out. You get the impression from looking at what's on offer, as well as the quality of the service, that these people genuinely have a passion for food and genuinely love what they do.

It really shows in every aspect of Susie's, and I can't recommend it highly enough.
After having a good experience at David Bann's my vegetarian friend asked me if I wanted to check out Black Bo's. This dinner left me just as full as any other night after I have finished a great steak. Being a meat-eater I would consider converting if I could eat at places like this all the time. 

Small and cozy, the place is unimpressive when you walk in however, stick with it. The food was amazing I started with a vegetable stir-fry crepe with melted brie and cranberry chutney. Then went on to have mushroom and pecan balls, filled with garlic cream cheese, and served with a pineapple chutney. It was to die for. My biggest disappointment of the night was not having discovered this restaurant sooner. Great prices overall definitely worth it, even for those meat- lovers out there.
Oh. My. Lord. This place is amazing. And amazing might even be an understatement. 

I know a helluva lot of vegetarians and vegans in Edinburgh. Edinburgh's actually a pretty decent city to be ethical about your eating habits. Most places either have a vegetarian/vegan option or are vegetarian/vegan. I heard about Black Bo's through a militant vegan friend of mine who spends most of her time planning her next meal. She's a fan of food, she is. 

So, when my parents ventured upon Edinburgh, I decided to take them there. It's useful having them around, you see. They feed me very well. This is a relevant fact: my father, if he could, would be a pure carnivore. The thought of eating at a vegetarian restaurant did not appeal to him at all. Let's just say, he left real happy. 

The menu at Black Bo's changes pretty consistently. The first time I went there I had some sort of heavenly stuffed aubergine. I can't even remember what most of the ingredients were, but they made my taste buds tingle. The day I finished my last exam, I went there with a few friends and I had some filo pastry thing filled with pistachios and asparagus with grapes sort of just strewn about the plate. The grapes were a brilliant idea. Seriously. 

Rumour has it that they once had a meat option (see, they were getting back at meaty restaurants for always having a vegetarian "option"), but no-one ever ordered it, so they scrapped it. Yes, meat-eaters out there. Vegetarian food can be good.

I'm not much of a food critic, but I know when food makes me happy. And this food makes me very happy.
The neon sign kinda put me off a little bit, but I always heard amazing things about Bo's. I struggled too at first with the idea of going to a vegetarian restaurant - I like my meat. But I was pleasantly surprised!!

The pasta was delicious - I just knew it was too good and I would have to slog it off at the gym the next day. But tasty doesn't quite give it justice!!

The place itself doesn't excite me too much, but it's nice and a good place to come for vegetarian friends. Definitely one to keep in mind.
My daughter and I were in Edinburgh in October and had dinner at Black Bo's. This place was such a pleasant surprise. We felt so welcomed, so relaxed and the food is excellent. It's quaint, warm and delicious. I look forward to returning. Try this place, I am sure you will feel the same way.
Words cannot describe how fantastic this food was! This place lives up to all of it's reviews. Phenomenal vegetarian and vegan food that most meat lovers would love.
By the looks of it this place is under new management. As a result the range of drinks stocked is less comprehensive than it used to be and the decor's gone rather minimalist & sterile. Not sure that the bistro is any longer vegetarian either.
I uttered an unenthusiastic" yayyyy" at the prospect of eating at this vegetarian bistro when a friend suggested it! Mmmm vegetables...

I was just acting up though, because I know vegetarian food is just as delicious as any other and the food was really good! As well as vegetarian food, there's the further option of having vegan food if you're REALLY into self depravation :D

I had a medium meal of three salads, and I'm a big fan of the spicy bean paste. I chose it because it looks exactly like Nigerian stewed beans, so my brain immediately felt it would be good. The potato salad and and brown rice are also a good bet, and the desserts are absolutely delicious. I had a fruit gateaux with soya cream (I decided I might as well go all the way) but was equally tempted by the banoffee pie which my friend raved over.

Regarding the atmosphere, it's definitely a place I could see myself whiling away the hours in. The decor is modern, but friendly and they're pictures of supposed famous people all round the walls. Or as someone noted they're "all middle-aged white men" so hardly a Hollywood Walk of Fame feel here.
Henderson's have a bad-ass reputation amongst vegetarians in Edinburgh: i.e. it's delicious, but also a bit above our budget. It's kind of located on the Black Bo's price scale as opposed, say, David Bann's. I must admit, Henderson's Bistro was incredibly successful at getting me to eat mushrooms (I normally hate the fungi), but when I ate them there, it was absolutely delicious. Kudos to them on that front. 

But, if you're a veggie, and even if you're not a veggie, this place is somewhere you really can't miss out on. So don't.
Thoroughly enjoyed my serving of vegetable soup with side-order of spicy bean hummus and bread and my companion praised the chocolate & almond cake.


 Prices are keen and the atmosphere is very relaxed and conducive to friendly conversation with the pleasant staff.
Hi, I'm Jen, and I'm a meat-eater.

Ok I know some people get put-out when a vegetarian place is reviewed in light of it not serving meat. But, if you know me, you'll find this is a good stance to take. I eat meat. A LOT of meat. But I also adore vegetables and find them much more versatile to cook with. I just usually try and combine the two (so order a meat and veggie curry for example). Taking the active decision to eat somewhere that serves no meat didn't strike fear into my heart (I adore a rare steak and sweet potato in equal measures). But I was curious to see how satisfied I would be.

With a very good friend visiting Edinburgh, and said friend being vegetarian, I made it my mission to find her the best place in Edinburgh for a casual evening meal comprised solely of things she could eat. After a quick Yelp search it seems that Henderson's Bistro combined the laid-back mid-week charm we were looking for.

The Bistro is just two doors down from the Restaurant. I asked the waitress what the difference was between the two. She explained that the Restaurant has more salads on the menu, very good value at lunch time apparently, and also live music. But they seem to have the same range of deli / bistro style offerings.

The ambience is definitely friendly, warm and very down to earth. Nothing fancy but homely. The waitresses were both extremely sweet and friendly. I probably wouldn't come here for a date, wrong type of 'nice', but it was just right for catching up with a good friend.

So, to the food. Yum. Num. But not Yum num num. Why the missing 5 star? Well, let me start with the Yum and Num. We each had a pate to start, I had the spicy bean pate. And oh yes that shiz was good. I would happily buy it in pots to take home. A generous serving, very filling, and with a hidden mushroom at the bottom - win!

We both had the moroccon stew as a main. It was a very generous serving, and veggies are filling. There was potato, carrot, aubergine (I LOVE aubergine!) in the stew, maybe parsnip too. But a distinct lack of chickpeas (this made me really sad) and maybe apricot or something to make it more authentically Moroccan. It was delicious, but just....lacking a wee bit.

I did also like the drinks. The menu is quite extensive, and I enjoyed a gin and tonic (with a local gin), a prosecco, and a rum and ginger ale (with a local rum and a nice, natural ginger ale). After the drinks we managed room for pud - the cherry pie. I tried this specifically after reading Amy G's review. It was wholewheat and vegan. It wasn't very sweet at all, which is good, but I felt it was a little pastry heavy and not quite cherry-ish enough despite having whole cherries in it. But still, we finished it. It just didn't blow my socks off.

It also made me a little sad that there weren't more beany / legume options on the menu. There was a nut burger, but no other option. And not many sweet potatoes. My favourite veg are beans, sweet potatoes, and aubergines. Maybe it's because I'm not veggie and am completely ignorant - perhaps beans are considered lesser veggie food? 

It's still a solid 4-stars. The bean paté was really to die for, and the whole experience was just delightful (especially because of the really friendly staff). Maybe if there'd been more chickpeas, beans and sweet potato involved I would have knocked it up to 5. 

I think it's been around since the 1960/70s and whilst this is really impressive, I felt perhaps they were resting in their laurels a little in being an Edinburgh Institution but not keeping up with what's hot. I only make such cutting and precise crticism as I *really* liked Henderson's and would love to give it 5 stars. They're so close, just a bean or two away....
Finally! Made it to Hendersons - so long walking past... hello new food sensations! Well, as much as I can whilst indulging in a quite restrictive diet. Nonetheless, I tucked into a dressing-free greek salad (with feta... couldn't help myself), with a portion of baba ghanoush and Henderson's own oatcakes on the side. 

So the salad - good. The baba ghanoush... a little lacking in taste and in seasonings. The oatcakes knocked my socks off. I never expected an oat cake to do that to my socks. My friend enjoyed a rather generous looking Mexican wrap. 

Can't wait to try out some more when I break free from dietary restrictions.
I almost, almost wanted to give this a 'meh, I've had better'. I'm not a veggie so perhaps the novelty of having an entire menu to choose from is lost on me slightly, but I love vegetarian food and healthy, wholesome veggie meals, and both times I've come here i have felt quite disappointed.

I'm saving the one star and making it three as the service is nice, the ambience is nice, and my veggie friend who I dined here with on both occaions really enjoyed it. And ilke I said, perhaps the fact that it's a veggie-dedicated menu and bistro makes it more enjoyable for the plant eaters amongst us.

I also think I ordered the wrong thing, both times. This time I had the special, Spanish Stew. I asked what veg was in it, and was told sweet potatoes, beans, carrot etc. Now, I imagined it to be brimming with several different types of beans. Instead, it had regular potato (a big difference. Sweet potato  makes me happy, regular potato makes me bloaty and unhappy). There was a few beans scattered, and some carrots. That was it. With some rice. It was quite underwhelming. It was definitely overpriced (£8 for some spuds and carrots?) 

I mean, for a restaurant that only serves vegetarian food you'd think they'd do it REALLY well. Like go all out, use amazing veg combinations you hadn't thought about or really make the veg shine. I have said since several times that the Innocent Veg Pots and Sainsbury's own sweet potato piri piri pot were both tastier.

My friend's feta and spinach quiche, however, did look really good. It was LOADED with spinach. Quite often quiche can be mostly egg with some rogue bits of green. This was almost all spinach, and from the bit I tasted, it was really lovely.

The strudel we shared for dessert was quite nice but again not overwhelming.

I also think they heat up a lot of things in the microwave, as far as I could hear.

I like what Henderson's is trying to do. It's good, basic veggie food with a bit of variety but I just feel it could be a lot more creative and specialist without introducing 'jouxs' or 'roulades'.
Must've come at a great time (3pm) because everybody was leaving as we were settling in. By the time we got our drinks, the place was empty and we had the server all to ourselves. 

I got the soup of the day, which was lentil & tomato with a dollop of cream...something...not exactly sure, but whatever it was, it was heaven! And I had a small arugula salad with warmed goats cheese, roasted red pepper, walnuts and honey. Mmmmm! I love when I order well. 

My pasta-loving sister got the pesto, which was truly insane. I can't recall any restaurant in NY that does pesto this well. It was so close to homemade! Probably because I believe they used either ricotta or cream cheese to make the sauce more creamy and less oily. 

Dad got the quiche & mom got the meze plate: apricot/ lentil hummus & regular hummus. Yummm.

£50 (service included) for food, 2 coffees, 1 beer, 1 wine & 1 juice. Lovely waiter who made recommendations for what Fringe shows to see, and was patient with our orders.

Just an absolutely excellent experience here, from start to finish.
Henderson's seems like a nice place to have lunch. The atmosphere is relaxed, the service is nice and it feels like they've made an effort to make the place seem friendly and welcoming. Their menu has a lot of dishes that change regularly which I like in a restaurant although I suppose it could be a little frustrating if you wanted a good idea of what would be available beforehand. I'm not a vegetarian but I'm always happy to go to vegetarian restaurants as it stops me automatically choosing the same stuff every time I eat out. My only reservation about this is that if you're only going to do vegetarian food, it should be done well and imaginatively. I wanted to like Henderson's more than I did in the end because it seems like it should be a good place. It was ok but not great and a little overpriced especially for the drinks. Hopefully I just caught them on an off day.
I had the crepe which was filled with courgette, mushroom, something else, and cream cheese although it tasted a lot more like cream than cream cheese, making the whole thing a bit too wet. It was nice enough if unspectacular and came with a good salad which was a lot better than the token garnish you often get. My parents both had soup and the lentil and apricot pate. They're both very polite and described the pate as subtle. In other words it didn't taste of anything. 
All in all it was a little disappointing but I think it has the potential to be much better than my experience of it and anyone else might get more out of it on a different occasion.
In Edinburgh for work and found out that the city has quite a few vegetarian places, so advised by Yelpers I decided for this place for a quick snack.

There is nothing quick about this place. The services is slow, however friendly, and the food takes ages to arrive.

My partner went for the Mexican roll, which was OK - a bit on the boring side. The salad, however, was gorgeously tasty and crisp.

Risotto with mushroom was my pick after going through the menu for vegetarian/vegan food without gluten - it is amazing in itself that they could offer anything. It was OK, the mushrooms were great, but - not to pad my own back - my own risotto is better. Also, I found hair in my risotto, not that delicious. The waiters were really quick and nice to compensate for it, so no harms done.

The star of the day was the side butter squash salad. OMG! it was REALLY good - the best thing on the menu for me and probably the best butter squash dish i've ever tasted! If I had known better I would have ordered it for main. Yum!
Visited this little gem a few weekends ago and it was just lovely. Vintage books, bits and bobs on shelves, fresh flowers on the tables, 60s music playing in the background. Excellent setting for lunch and a catch up with family and friends. The staff were all really nice too.

I opted for the vegetarian lasagne with garlic focaccia. The lasagne was perfect. Layers of light cheese, thin lasagne sheets and assorted veg. Huge portion of salad too which tasted super fresh. Had a little bite of my boyfriend's frittata too... Devine! The focaccia was a little bit soft, would have preferred this more firm and crispy but I'll let them off with that since the lasagne was so damn good. The rest of our table opted for burgers which came with a side of nachos and there were no complaints. 

Had some organic gin too, very nice. The vintage jug of water for our table with matching glasses was a nice touch.
Je ne suis pas un adepte des restaurants végétariens. 
Le cadre est agréable et les serveurs sont sympathiques.
J' ai commandé une lasagne excellente, avec une bière. 
Le prix était très raisonnable pour Edhimboug!
While honeymooning in Edinburgh, our first day saw us looking for a vegetarian option as we both wanted to try something a bit new. We ordered separate dishes to sample one another's food; I had the carrot soup and my husband had the spicy tomato, then aubergine and quiche respectively. I had absolutely no issues with this restaurant and the staff were super friendly, the atmosphere was great (so much bigger on the inside than it appears outside), even the toilets were well-maintained and tidy. No complaints! The prices were even reasonable though most of Edinburgh is generally expensive, we had quite hefty portions and the food wasn't too salty either. Definitely would recommend this place and next time we're in Edinburgh we plan on stopping in again.
This is a relaxed vegetarian bistro with great salads, interesting main dishes, and meat-less burgers.  It has a wonderful vibe.  We slipped in later on a Friday evening and got a table for two. They have a great selection of organic and vegan wines by the glass or bottle.  Those with dietary restrictions will find the menu clearly labeled and they will prepare many dishes without gluten or dairy.  They also try to source as much local and organic products as possible.  Everything we had was super fresh.
Well established excellent veggie restaurant on the south side of Edinburgh. Good choice of meals and snacks, or just chill with a coffee or tea etc.. Vegan and allergy intolerant choices too. Plenty of seating in a nice and bright place - note the restaurant is on the 1st floor of the building - lift is available though.


 Baking (great bread!), cakes and artwork for sale off the walls. Also now have a stall at the regular Edinburgh farmers' market at Castle Terrace, Edinburgh.


 Well worth visiting.
Just round the corner from St Leonard's Police Station, the Engine Shed isn't the kind of place you just stumble across by chance: you have to know it's there, and deliberately seek it out.  Making the effort is certainly worth it though, as it's an excellent place for a  casual but delicious vegetarian lunch.

I'd first heard about it in association with the Garvald organisation, a progressive charity which aims to teach new skills to those with learning disabilities and support them in finding regular paid employment.  The Engine Shed bakery and café is therefore a social enterprise that offers training placements and has an underpinning in the philosophy of Rudolf Steiner.

This is certainly a very commendable community project, but that's not the only reason to come here, as the cooking is also very tasty and offers excellent value for money - my plate of aubergine and chickpea tagine cost £4 and was more food than I could eat.  The bright upstairs room, with its polished floorboards and many windows, has a nice ambience - overall, the Engine Shed definitely merits a visit.
I know the Engine Shed as the place that makes the amazing parmesan, herb, bread swirls. But they're also a cafe. A cafe that sells really wholesome food for barely any money at all. It may be a little out of the way, tucked behind St. Leonard's Police Station (kind of a strange location, really), but it's worth it. The staff always seem like they're having a really great time.

It's very beautifully decorated, with an all wooden interior. The cafe is upstairs and there's a lively yet calm atmosphere. They sell soups, jacket potatoes, salads, vegan goodies. So much stuff that is mouth-watering! When you walk in, you definitely feel like you could be somewhere else, outside Edinburgh.
I used to cycle past this place on the way to uni, and always felt hungry as the scent of bread baking and... something else... teased my senses. I stupidly didn't know what this was for quite a while; there was just a car park with a couple of cars close to this seemingly empty building. Then I saw some people entering.

It would seem that you must first reach this remote destination hidden behind the east park side residential area, then enter the building through the humble little door, walk up a brief staircase, and enter a very cute rustic cafe, which just so happens to be vegetarian. The concept behind the place is really ethical, as people with learning disabilities are employed and offer internships, get some exposure to the catering industry, and build confidences.  

Ethics aside, food-wise, this is a real find. They have changing daily menu, and often choices include: jacket potato with a variety of filling options, soup of the day, veggie burger,  pizza, toasties, thai green curry, and a variety of other local and more exotic dishes. All the bread is freshly made downstairs, as is the tofu (that other nice smell I said I couldn't quite put my fingers on). You can buy loaves which come in various shapes, sizes, flavours and types. The tofu is also for sale, and available smoked, marinated, plain, or in burger form, ready to cook at home. Besides savoury food, there are a good variety of cakes available, some of which are vegan (vegan carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and vegan chocolate fudge cake)!

The prices are very reasonable, and there are many places to sit. The close quite early and sometimes the hours can be unpredictable, check on their website to avoid being disappointed!

if you don't want to come all the way over the New town, you can find some of their products (like tofu 'cheese' and bread) at the castle terrace farmer's market on a Saturday morning.
Great service. Amazing menu. Had the Kung Pao veggie chicken and veggie duck with a pineapple glaze and both were to die for. My new favorite stop.
We came here in a group of 12 for our traditional team dinner after this year's Punk Rock Bowling tournament. We have always tried different places each year but I think we may have found our go-to place! The staff and owner were so welcoming and friendly, the food was beyond delicious and the portions were huge. There wasn't one item (out of the twenty or so that we ordered!!!) that was sub-par. Highlights would be the fried eggplant, sesame "chicken", hot and sour soup and stir-fried potato sticks. I only wish I lived in Vegas so I could come back sooner.
Great service. Very clean. The food is very fresh and tastes great.
This place is an awesome place if you are Vegan or Vegetarian.  The food is made with pride and care which is put into each dish.  The staff takes all your dietary needs into consideration and even after the dish is made and brought to your table, they take the time to ensure it is to your liking, if not, they will redo it or bring you something else.

I have never had a bad dish here, they will discuss your desires with you and even bring you a sample to ensure you like it before you order it and are charged for it.

This place is a MUST VISIT place.
If you are looking for bland, unexciting, poor substitutes for "the real thing".......this is NOT the place for you!  My husband and I are BIG Chinese food eaters and decided to give Veggie House a try during a meat-free weekend.  Our simple hope was that it would be edible, and we would have been thrilled if it had only been a passable alternative to animal-based Chinese.  Veggie House completely exceeded our expectations!  We had the Spring Rolls, Lettuce Wraps, Hot and Sour Soup and Kung Pao V Chicken.  Each course was tasty, fresh and distinct.  The flavors and textures were amazing mimics of some of the better meat-based Chinese dishes we have had and would easily fool someone who wasn't told in advance that no flesh would be consumed.  The menu is as dense as any good Chinese restaurant and the owner insisted we try his "goose" and "duck" the next time we visit because in his words they are "awesome!"
In addition to the great food, the pride of ownership is unmistakeable and an all too rare quality in many restaurants.  We listened in on a conversation the owner had with another table and then spoke with him ourselves and learned of what a strong passion he has for introducing more people to great vegetarian eating.  The decor is lovely and our server seemed genuinely pleased with our enjoyment of the meal.  This is the type of place that makes it soooo much easier to go meatless by offering up truly delicious choices.
Finally an excellent Vegetarian/Vegan Restaurant in Las Vegas. The entire dining experience is 5 star. Excellent service...very fresh..artfully done with texture variety and most flavorful. Chef Kenny talked with us about his lifestyle changes and the great health he is enjoying With this in mind, he brings his amazing recipes and warm welcome to his exceptionally clean establishment. chef Kenny understands that to truly serve Vegan/Vegetarian food you have to do so in a total plant-based kitchen, Ever wonder in a restaurant that says they fix vegetarian/vegan food and meat, dairy..how do they do it? Chef Kenny only cooks Vegetarian/Vegan @ Veggie House. We wish him the very best. With the number of people watching how they eat for optimal health..The Veggie House is right on time.

As a vegan and member of a vegan family, we finally have a place to take family and guests for a delicious meal.
Bamboo flower and tofu was cook perfectly. It was delicious. If you never try bamboo flower, try it. It is one of my favorite veggie. I'm not good at cooking bamboo flower nor soft tofu.  Now, I've got to enjoy my favorite dish at Veggie House.
We are Vegan & this place exceeded expectations!   Everything was delicious!  Try the crispy eggplant, best eggplant dish I've ever had.  This is coming from someone who always orders eggplant.  Wait staff & owner are very friendly.  It was truely a pleasure.   Enjoy!
Just discovered this place.  I am going to come here ALL THE TIME !!! (even meat eaters will enjoy!) Everything we ordered was outstanding! There were only two of us, or we would have tried even more. My favorites so far ... started with BBQ "Meat", and LOVED both the Crispy Eggplant & General Tso Chicken.  Highly recommended!!!
Excellent food, excellent staff, excellent atmosphere! Could not tell the braised beef was NOT meat... their crispy goose was A-mazing! Staff  was friendly and very knowledgeable of ingredients (even warned us of peanuts in one dish without us asking)... very sensitive to the differences between all the many types of vegan-ism... Atmosphere was very comfortable, with sounds of water, bamboo...
Fantastic food, fantastic service, fantastic atmosphere!!!  Kenny, the owner and master chef is knowledgeable offering suggestions on customer favorites and telling me what I might not like.  As I waited for food to go he fed me samples!  They are all about the customer and pleasing.  Lotus root cake, crispy veggie beef, chicken and mushrooms, chicken vegetable sizzling plate amungst the tastiest food they have to offer.  My 1 and 3 year old girls could not get enough of the soy shrimp.  I also ate in the restaurant for my mom's birthday and they treated us like family!!!  Such an excellent find for vegans and non-vegans alike.  My new favorite restaurant!
This is one of the best Chinese vegetarian restaurants I have ever been to.  The waitress recommended a new dish called lotus cakes.  She said if I didn't like it she would take it back and bring me something else.

The lotus cakes were delicious.  I'm not sure exactly what they were made of, but it included round slivers of lotus root with a coating of some kind of protein on one side (TVP?), fried with a tasty brown sauce.  As stated in other reviews, the service is excellent here.  The waitress asked me how I liked the food, which is actually pretty unusual at a Chinese restaurant.  Then the cook came out and asked everybody how they liked the food.  They really care about what they're doing at the Veggie House.

This would be a good restaurant to visit with a group so that you can try many different dishes family style.  Next time I will bring some friends with me.
Great food and great customer service!!! We are so glad we took the suggestion from the server and got the V duck (it's terrific) and the Lettuce Wraps are an amazing appetizer. My husband was a little bummed that they didn't offer more options without soy (but as I pointed out to him, just ask them to leave it out and I'm sure they would and it would still be great!) . The only downside is the location, if you've never been before you really need to keep a good lookout: it's in the middle on the second level, parking is available in the back if it's easier for you to avoid stairs I recommend that. Really a great place!
What a great vegetarian/vegan restaurant!  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
I read an article about Veggie House in the August 1st edition of the RJ.  I needed an excuse to check out this newly-opened all vegetarian/vegan restaurant so when I was hungry the following Saturday night, we made the drive down there.  

We were greeted with a sample of the crispy beef from the chef.  It was great, lighty crisp, tossed in a sweet & savory sauce, sprinkled with crushed peanuts.  I ordered the 2 item cold dish combo for an appetizer and selected the BBQ Meat and the Bitter Melon Salad.  I asked what the bitter melon was before ordering and was told that it was a squash that was mildly bitter.  The BBQ Meat can be passed off as the BBQ Pork I remember eating as a little kid, red on the outside and grey on the inside.  The Bitter Melon was terrible.  Not that it was prepared yucky, it is just not a vegetable we could eat.

Entrees were General Tzo Chicken, Szechuan Shrimp and House Chow Fun.  The General Tzo Chicken is 5 stars!  Fried crispy on the outside but chewy in texture on the inside.  Tossed in a sweet and spicy sticky sauce, perfect for clinging to the rice.  The Szechuan Shrimp sauce had a good flavor and it really did look like shrimp, the taste and "shrimpy flavor" was a little too much for me.  I'm glad I tried it, and I'm sure that it is a favorite of shrimp lovers but I can't say that I will order it again.  The Chow Fun was great too.  The vegetables were stir fried in a super hot wok that gave them that smokey burnt flavor on the edges and perfectly cooks them to a crisp tender.  

The service was fast, friendly and attentive.  When we got the check, the order was taken in Chinese so I had to stare at the symbols for 10 minutes.
I can't believe it's not meat!

I've had some vegan meats before but if not executed correctly it can be bland and the texture can be a little unappetizing. I'm glad I've found a place where I can indulge myself with Chinese food and feel healthy at the same time. My brother and I tried this place out since Shuseki was still closed (around 4:30pm) and we were famished. Knowing he's a bit of a health buff I told him I knew that there was a Vegan/Vegetarian place in the same plaza. *I know that Hue Thai also serve imitation meat but I forgot about that until now.

My brother ordered their barbequed pork appetizer and I got the salt and pepper fried fish. We ordered these to really test this place out. When our food arrived I was almost confused since the dishes really looked like the "original." His bbq pork didn't have any hint of "I'm not really meat" texture. If I didn't know it was vegan meat I would assume it's the real deal. 

My fried fish entree surpassed my expectations. At first it really looked like fried fish, with it's crispy and salty outside. The inside has the texture of tofu which could be troubling for some but I was blown away by the flavor instead. It seriously tasted like fish (not the texture, but still). The chef knew how to work with the ingredients. He knew how to manipulate certain aspects of a dish to really make the vegan meat taste like "real" meat. They also offer brown rice. 

The service was nice. One of the waitress has a strong accent so it might be difficult to converse with her but she's patient and wouldn't mind repeating herself. She even gave us suggestions. 

The one thing that bothered my brother was that when we paid, the hostess lady took the liberty to keep all the change. We had $6 and something cents worth of change and we planned on tipping $3 (that's 15%, I'm sure) and he can't believe that they'd assume the rest was theirs to keep. I know it's an honest mistake but just a heads up to businesses, make sure to bring the change and wait for the tip after. We promise we won't jip you.
This restaurant is a rare find.

The food is terrific. I had the barbecue beef appetizer. Incredible.

The soups are big enough for four people.

I had crispy beef - completely out of this world.

The waitresses were so friendly.  And the owner came out to the table to say hi.

If you are vegan or vegetarian, this is the place to come in Vegas.

Warning: the food is so plentiful, you'll be taking some home.

And yes, the rumors are true. It was so good I hugged the owner/chef.

Bon Appitite!
So my Yelperazzis David S. and Christie O. were feeling like fatties so we went for a conscious luncheon instead of the bacchanalia that usually happens. They do lunch specials until 3pm for $6.50 and they are nicely sized. I was thinking it'll be a smaller portion for lunch, but seems like the same for dinner. 

We shared: 

Crispy Spicy Eggplant - This was yummy and the definite standout. I can eat a whole plate. The batter was light and crisp and the sauce on it was perfect sweet and spicy.

Hot Spicy Szechuan Tofu (aka Mapo Tofu) - this was pretty decent, it was not spicy though so don't let that scare you off from ordering. I was hoping for some greens to go with it since other Chinese restaurants do that, but still good. 

Veggie fish w/ tamarind curry sauce- Originally we ordered fish in hot black bean sauce but ended up getting this so I think our order was heard wrong. We ate it anyway. The sauce was good, I like the tang the tamarind brings and like there was a variety of vegetable in it. The "fish" was interesting. It looked like fish with skin on which seemed like it was made of seaweed and gave a oceany taste to emulate fish flavor and the texture of the fish broke into meaty strands....I think it's a acquired taste. 

I'm admittedly a "naturalist" in that stuff that's manipulated/processed isn't my thing and kinda freaks me out. I may be a (light) meat eater, but I eat "clean" and prefer that. It fed my curiosity though, new experience and all....I'm always up to try something out of the norm for me! It seems the chef knows how to prepare these in a way to showcase it right so if meat substitutes are your thing, this place is sure to excite with the massive variety of "meats". It could be a restaurant vegans can bring carnivores to as some dishes probably would be hard pressed to tell it's not real. 

I appreciated they have a brown or white rice option. We also were given soup which was just a veggie broth, and seemed to be lacking something. 

The service here is friendly, checked on us, kept our drinks filled. Even though I'm Asian, I still feel bad saying good service is out of the norm for Chinese restaurants. 

Overall, this is a welcomed addition to Spring Mtn. It's nice to have other options to dine with some of my veggie friends and it seems like the food here is made with care. I'll be back to try more things, I'm sure!
Volunteering brings out the hungry beast in us Yelpers. So it was only natural for Jade W., Christie O., and I to venture off for lunch after doing some community service. I had been eating like a glutton over the past couple weeks and vegetarian sounded good to me. 

Between the three of us, we got the crispy eggplant, fish curry, and mapo tofu. Still to this day, the one dish that stands out in my memory is the first dish. It was fantastic. I would have been happy with just eating this by itself. The "fish" in the curry was made of bean curd and seaweed to give it a fishy taste. I was initially put off by it because it felt like I was biting into a sponge. Once I got past the textural issues, it did not taste bad at all. I am curious about their other meat substitutes. Nowadays, imitation chicken and beef has come a long way. 

Veggie House might not be the first place to come to mind when I think Chinatown, but it is not on the no go list. It does not hurt to go for lunch when each plate only costs $6.50. The specials are diverse and has something for everyone. Well, anyone who does not mind meat free meals.
De-effing-licious 

Not only have I never had vegetarian food so good but never, ever, have I had service this good at ANY restaurant in my life. 

The chef came out and asked us twice if we enjoyed our food. The servers also asked us multiple times.. and they were SMILING. 

The happy environment made me smile uncontrollably while I was eating. That was a little weird.

Appetizers:
Spring Rolls - pass, just normal fried cabbage filled egg rolls
Beef Rolls - AWESOME, don't pass on these.

Main Course:
Crispy Fried Beef - AWESOME. Topped with peanuts and surrounded with perfectly blanched broccoli. 
Mushroom, pumpkin, beef special - AWESOME. Various vegetables (snow peas, carrots, couple types of mushrooms) and some pumpkin cubes. 
Potato sticks - AWESOME. Tasted like hashbrowns with ginger, onions, and peppers. 

Also had an iced coffee. It was great and made with coconut milk rather than condensed milk like other Vietnamese iced coffees. 

Brewed Tea: Yes
Very large menu of all vegetarian options and many vegan choices.  Would have loved vegan icons on the menu to avoid having to navigate the language barrier with the staff.  We'll be back to try more and may up the rating after we find our true loves on the menu.  The chef came out after we were done (about 8:30 pm) and was giving samples to other tables -- guess we just didn't come late enough to closing?
Our first time here. Extraordinary service @ food to wow.  We took recommendations @ got spicy eggplant & orange peel beef. We asked for mild instead of spicy @ they happily accommodated. Wonderful!
Best Chinese vegan menu in Las Vegas!! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The owner is always checking on his guests and sampling food for everyone. The food is always delicious!!
Vegans rejoice! It is always nice to have more food options, especially when the food tastes good. I went here for the first time about a month ago on a second date. The location is in one of the large Asian shopping centers along Spring Mountain.

They definitely try to make the customer feel welcome and have tried their hands at soothing decor, but the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired. The food is pretty good especially the items on the specials. They are seasoned amazingly well. The one dish that turned out less than desirable was the Buddah's Delight. It was quite plain and the veggies a little over cooked.

The proprietor is very welcoming and brings samples around for tasting so you can see all the other delicious items you could be eating. It definitely gives you and idea of what to order next time!

I hope Vegas continues to foster quality vegetarian restaurants like this.
This has to be the best vegetarian food in Las Vegas. My wife and I were looking for Vegetarian Chinese food and found our new home here. We got House fried rice which had raisins,pineapple,egg (we are not vegan), and some meat substitutes.This was so good you think it's a meat dish..speaking of which , I don't know how they do what they do to the Beef Broccoli (not beef of course) but the taste was incredibly good and everything is so fresh. Then the noodle sticks (like a pad-thai) were crispy and soft at the same time. We also had some spring rolls and some fried wontons and let me tell you we had enough for dinner the next night and it was as delicious the second time as the first.
The server Mimi was kind and helpful and was genuinely caring...kudos to you Mimi
We will be back and spread the word.
DE-licious! After 5 years of looking for a great tasting genuine vegetarian Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas, we hit the jackpot with Veggie House! Last night we had veggie dumplings, crispy "beef" and General Tzao's "chicken" and all were so good that we nearly finished it all in one sitting. In fact, we came back to try more delicious dishes tonight. The owners are so warm and welcoming that you feel like family on your first visit. Veggie House is now our go-to Chinese restaurant!
I hate to do this, but I have to be the first non 4 or 5 star review for Veggie House.  With an average of 5 stars and a new placement atop my "Best Match" list here on Yelp, I was finally tempted to call in a take-out order.   In going through what I could see of the menu in the pics here combined with my fear of vegan "meat", I decided upon the highly lauded Crispy, Spicy eggplant lunch special with brown rice and a regular iced tea to drink.  They told me 10 minutes it'd be ready (fast!) and I probably got there 15 minutes after.  It's upstairs?  Minus one star.  Just kidding, but I am lazy so I took the elevator.

It took them a short while to realize I was at the front waiting, but not crazily long and they apologized so no harm done (I also didn't try to flag them down or anything), and I paid for the meal (reasonable at $9 for food and drink combined) and left.  First thing I noticed which was odd was that it was all bagged up, even the iced tea.  I can understand the thinking that it could be more convenient to carry it this way, but when I got to the car I immediately went to remove it because I don't like my hot and cold items so close to each other when I get takeout.  I then noticed that the tea was in a gigantic soup container, and not a normal takeout cup, meaning it was very wide and the lid did not have an opening for a straw.  Given it's width it wouldn't fit in my cupholders so right back into the bag it went.  You win this round Veggie house.  On the plus side it contained a LOT of tea, and I've never been more AMPED to work on Excel spreadsheets on a Friday afternoon in my life.

In getting to work I was a little disappointed when unpacking the bag to find that there was simply the rice and eggplant (and the tea) inside.  The menu states it is served with a daily soup and also lists a "Bun Roll" and some sort of sweet potato rice but now I can see how that might be part of an option I could have chosen instead of the brown rice?  Alright look, I still could have used some soup, and they CLEARLY have to go soup containers.  I know several places make those sort of lunch special components dine-in only, but I didn't see any mention of that being the case here so I was still sad about it.   

As for the eggplant and brown rice, they tasted really great as others have mentioned, but I have a big issue with the eggplant being called spicy because there was ZERO HINT OF SPICINESS whatsoever.  On a scale of 1-10 it was literally a 1 if not a zero.  It was much more sweet than spicy which was a disappointment for me as I love spice.  I'm not sure if I should have specified that I wanted it really spicy, or if my understanding of vegan spice is too limited to understand the deal, but I didn't feel like I ultimately got what I wanted.  The flavors were still nice, and I would definitely give Veggie House another try in the future.   Maybe by then they'll have to-go cups?
I am very impressed with Veggie House,  the food was excellent, the service was perfect, and to give you an idea of how much I enjoyed eating there if I was given a choice of only one restaurant to eat at for the rest of eternity I would choose VEGGIE HOUSE!    Staying on the Las Vegas strip it is easy to get used to the hospitality and service given to you, but the hostess, waitress, and even  the chef at Veggie House outdid the entire strip.  The restaurant is very clean, well lit, and nicely decorated.  The background music and water fountains are extremely soothing.

Being from Hawaii I have eaten a lot of Chinese food, and being an eleven year vegan, I have eaten a lot of vegan food and Veggie House has the best of both! I went there three days in a row out of my five day vacation and would have gone more if my vacation was any longer.  
Every item I tried, I loved,  from the crispy eggplant to the Buddha delight.  My mouth is watering just thinking about dining there again.  Even my non vegan date loved the food,  maybe even more than I did!   Also the mock meat dishes are so convincing, I am pretty sure you can bring a meat eater there and they wouldn't be the wiser.    On my next trip to Las Vegas I am going straight to Veggie House from McCarran Airport!  Thank you Veggie House!
Veggie House is great for vegetarians and meat eaters too.  I've been veganish for a year and have been looking for a place like this for a long time.  The Szechuan shrimp I had was not exactly like scallop yet tasted satisfying.  The fried vegan ice cream desert is beyond dreamy..  Will be trying other dishes on the menu pretty soon.
Still my favorite vegetarian restaurant in LV! The orange beef and general Tzo are my favorites! But the Kung Pao Chicken is awesome!

Try Kenny's fried oyster mushrooms--ask to have the lemon drizzle on the side for dipping. 

Yum!
The food was pretty good, and it was much better than Veggie Delight. I ordered some stir fried tofu and vegetable dish, but I forgot the name of it. The flavors were spot on, and the cooking techniques are very good as well. Felt a lot healthier going out than I was coming in.
A phenomenal hidden gem near the Las Vegas Strip! My husband and I recently moved from the Bay area where we had a variety of vegan restaurant options. Moving to Vegas was disheartening because the dining choices are not as vegan friend as we used to. When a group of friends visited from Cali, they were considered enough to offer going to a vegan restaurant. From the group of 6, I was the only vegan, my friend was a pescatarian and the rest of the group were omnivores/carnivores. 

We ordered a variety of dishes and a total of four soups, which were initially brought out. One soup was better than the other and I was continually amazed at the phenomenal taste and authentic flavors of each soup. My friends were equally delighted. As the dishes came out, everybody was amazed how "real" the food tasted. In fact, one of them apparently did not even realize he was eating imitation meat! He just thought that the restaurant was vegan friendly but that they had meat options. This is a guy who eats meat for every meal!

After hearing  everyone's very positive feedback, a few days later I invited another visitor friend of mine to try their dining experience. She absolutely loved it as well. 

After the first visit to say the least, I've gone back a lot more. Each time, the atmosphere has been very relaxing and zen; the staff very approachable and extremely friendly; the food has been consistently delicious!!

Overall, this place is definitely my new go-to place for everything- whether it'd be to treat a cold, take our guests, or just have a great time. (When I feel a bit under the weather or get a cold, their soups are a must. I completely recover the day after!)

If you're a local, whether vegan or not, this place is a must to check out! If you've visiting, they're very close to the strip so be sure to visit for a very relaxing and delicious experience. 

NOTE FOR THE VEGANS: If you are Vegan, make sure to let the staff know. I was told that some of their foods may contain eggs- but nothing more. Make sure to ask and they'll let you know the dishes that are off limits.
The owner is awesome. Really friendly, conscious Vegan. Stopped thru from California on my way to Montana. Brought me extra Spinach salad that I didn't order - delicious!  Pepper "Beef" SO good!
I ordered the crispy fried oyster mushroom which was very tasty.  It tastes different than the ones in Southern California at Happy Family.   The curry chicken was average.  However, the tofu with peas was excellent.  Service was very good.  I smiled when I got my Yelp discount.  It is a decent place for vegetarians who cant find anything decent without flesh and meat and naked bodies in Vegas.
It's upstairs in the same plaza as the SF Supermarket on Decatur & Spring Mountain (even though Yelp maps indicated Jones & Sahara). The inside is VERY nice looking. Decently sized and with the amazing decorations inside, it makes me want to bring in a group of 8 and sit under one of the designated family-style tables.

Service was prompt except it wasn't busy at all so they had a lot of time to go to us in the beginning. By the end, though, they stopped coming over as often. They were nice and helpful and I was also reading the Yelp reviews to see what was recommended.

WHAT WE ORDERED:
2 cold items combo $6.95: seaweed stem & cucumber
-- This wasn't too shabby. I definitely liked the cucumber. Maybe not so much the seaweed but it wasn't too bad. The sauce was nice :0).

Salt Pepper Fried Tofu
-- I love mostly everything salt & pepper so I really wanted to taste it. It was pretty good and my friend liked it. We also dipped it in other sauces but I preferred soy sauce. You can slightly taste the salt & pepper so it wasn't that strong for me.

Veggie beef rolls
-- Last year I had an influx of beef rolls so I definitely think this played into my taste buds. They were good in their own way but a bit too soft for me. And of course, the meat isn't really our typical meat, since it's faux meat, but it wasn't too shabby. If you're a fan of beef rolls, I would recommend you trying. I tried it due to a yelp review but I've since stopped eating beef rolls. Had enough to last me a few years :0b.

During your lunch/dinner, you might have a few chirping birds around ;). Beware, haha!

I'll definitely be back!
The $6.50 lunch specials are a steal.  You get soup, rice, and your entree.  They say the entree portion is smaller than the dinner size, but it was still a ton - I could only finish about half of mine.

I ordered the sweet and sour "pork" because my little brother would always order that when we would go out for Chinese as a kid, and I always wished I could eat it.  It was great.  It wasn't as sweet as I was thinking it would be - I was thinking it would be as sweet as orange chicken.  I was glad I got to finally try it.

My old man had the crisy beef.  It was really good, I loved the texture.  It looked like it would be chewy, like other gluten meats, but it was....crispy.  It had a lot of ginger and was kind of sour.  I'd recommend it over the sweet and sour pork.

We also had the veggie dumplings appetizer - they were good, but I wish they were pan fried instead of deep fried.

Service was outstanding.
amazing meat free selections... full menu to choose from. great service, clean environment & delicious food. we will be back!!!!
After a friend ranted and raved about this joint, I finally got a chance to have dinner here.  Friendliest staff and even lets you try samples of their food during your meal. Got the Won Ton with ramen and it was incredible. Not salty or flavorless. The fried tofu and fried eggplant are very good.  Can't wait to come here everytime I visit Vegas. High RECOMMENDED!
We decided to try this vegetarian Chinese restaurant that opened this past April for lunch immediately prior to flying home.  We parked behind the restaurant on the 2nd level of the plaza and entered through the rear door.  The restaurant is bright, meticulously clean and tastefully decorated.  We were immediately greeted at the door and seated by Mimi who was incredibly cheerful and informative as were both chef/owner Kenny and another server who I believe may have been his wife.  The meal started with complimentary cups of soup - a clear broth with a few vegetables and tofu.  For entrees, we shared the crispy spicy eggplant and spicy crispy beef. Both were delicious, but the "beef" dish, made from tofu, was interesting due to its crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, texture and flavor.
Having grown up in Singapore...Chinese vegetarian meals were a staple of my diet especially when we were eating out. The cuisine was essentially Chinese food with heavy Southeast Asian influences. 

When I came down to Veggie House, I was overjoyed to see the menu resembling what I was familiar with down by the Equator. And then, I found out that chef/owner Kenny Wang is a Malaysian! Mystery solved. 

The dishes that I have thoroughly enjoyed here include the following:

Roti Canai - With a heavenly curry dipping gravy that is ditto what I used to savor in Southeast Asia

Pork Chop - You can get a half order of this. Very inventive - 3 different textures (soft, fatty and then crispy) welded together and deliciously seasoned

Braised Tofu - The preparation of tofu is just fantastic. Soft beancurd lightly fried and then immersed in a brown gravy. Perfection. The vegetables on this dish were also so crisp and fresh!

Curry Vegetables with Tamarind Sauce - I love this take on curry. In Asia, it's called Assam Curry and is widely available and one of the most popular and tasty dishes. However, it's seldom prepared well outside Southeast Asia...Kenny's done a stellar job. Crispy potato pieces, brimming with veggies in a delicious curry sauce with that amazing tamarind tinge. 

Fried Rice and Flat Noodles - Yummy. Prepped the way I love it. Simple, tasty and satisfactory. 

Prices are very reasonable. Less than $7 for a lunch special (choice of brown/white rice or bread) served with soup. The restaurant itself is very pleasant...bright, clean and reasonably furnished. I love the waitresses. They are awesome!

Can't wait to be back at Veggie House!
First time here and won't be our last. Highly recommend the Spicy Crispy "Beef", the Lotus Root Cake, House Chow Fun and Spicy Crispy Egg Plant.
Excellent food. Very nice and helpful waitress. This will be my regular stop when visiting Las Vegas.
Only negative is that it's hard to decide what to get. There is so much good stuff!
great menu! I plan to try everything. Spring rolls were really good. Schezwan tofu was good, but I ordered it medium spicy and next time I will go with hot. Nice place.
It's tough to find a restaurant that caters specifically to vegetarians, but this one does and they do it well! I loved this place and will return there EVERY time I'm in Vegas. It's off the strip in Chinatown but is so worth the ride. The chef came out and talked with us about different options and how they made things seem so similar to the traditional versions of the menu offerings. Don't be fooled. Even though the menu says duck, chicken, beef or shrimp, everything there is completely meat free! it's delicious and the prices were excellent. Do yourself a favor and stop in.
Friends and I tried this new restaurant after climbing all day in Red Rock. 

Awesome food. This is a vegetarian restaurant that does a range of chinese food dishes with fake meat (gluten). If you are a vegetarian that doesn't care for food that tries to be meat, then there are plenty of other dishes on the menu. All good. I'm vegetarian and don't miss meat but was curious to try things like crispy ginger beaf, lotus cakes, lemon chicken. Tasted great! My meat eater friends said that they came close to the real thing!

The staff are really, really sweet. Very happy and engaging! The owner check in to make sure you are happy. 

We were in vegas for three nights and ate there for two of them.

The decor and setup of the restaurant is very clean and simple. As you would expect for a startup restaurant with the usual startup budget.
Located on the West Side in Chinatown (Yes, we have a Chinatown in Las Vegas). Ok let me start with this. I like meat, correction I love meat. A meal without meat can hardly be called a meal. On top of that the word is vegetable, not veggie, there are few things I hate more than the term veggie. That all being said, this place is great. I went in with much trepidation (I was having lunch with a friend and this was his pick). I figured I would order vegetable fried rice or something inoffensive like that, you see I also don't like substitutes, I don't like fake sugar, I don't like carib, I don't like soy for meat. My friend talked me into the crispy "beef". I reluctantly agreed. I was pleasantly surprised, it was so good I forgot I was eating tofu. So here I stand (or sit at my computer) having to admit I was wrong and in fact sometimes a meal without meat is still indeed a meal. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
When I first visited Veggie house, I didn't realize that everything on the menu is either vegan/vegetarian because the menu looks like it's a typical chinese restaurant that serves meat.  To my surprise, everything on the menu is actually vegan/vegetarian!

The place is really nice and clean, the price is very reasonable, the staff are all friendly (especially Kenny, the owner), and the food is absolutely delicious! I come to this place at least 3 times a week now.  My favorite so far is the crispy beef- taste better than the real thing and I highly recommend it to anyone.
Best service, yummiest food!
The Chef is amazing!!! 

The food was awesome. And not just for Vegan/Vegetarians. Meat eaters will love this place. Give the cows, chickens and pigs a break and make a mad dash on over to Veggie House for some truly inspirational food!

The Vegan Ice cream is to die for. I'm serious, get over to this place!
I have had better food in the east coast where there is not this level of competition. Will never return to this place.
A must try!

The food and service were exceptional:
-reasonably priced
-excellent food, especially crispy beef, king pao chicken, and eggplant
-fast service and very nice staff
Excellent food here. General Tso "chicken" tasted like the real thing. I would recommend even for those who are not vegetarians. This place might make you think about becoming one though! Generous portions on the $6.50 lunch special. Very friendly waitress. Will be back again soon to try the other dishes!
Service is fast, friendly, and best of all, the waitresses speak english! Everything is vegetarian, so when you see orange chicken on the menu, it's not actually orange chicken, it's vegetarian soy product that looks like chicken with orange sauce which is really tasty!  Their dishes can be really creative like the fish dishes where it really looks like fish, and the fish skin is dried seaweed to add texture. Very well done.

update 2/9/13:
Lunch specials from 11am-3pm everyday!!! Came here twice for lunch and the lunch specials are pretty good as it includes soup, white or brown rice (no extra charge) or a steamed bun, and the main entree. The portions for lunch specials are large enough to do family style with a couple people. The other day we also tried some dinner items and were equally impressed such as the japanese pumpkin with silky tofu and vegetables. YUM!  The spicy eggplant is not really spicy as it is sweet, but they are perfectly fried and I would be happy to eat those instead of french fries. 

Just a reminder that the entire place has no meat. So if they menu says beef, chicken, fish, it's not actually meat it is a soy product that looks like meat, but it tastes pretty authentic. 

Service is very quick too so if you need a fast place for lunch, this is a great healthy spot.
BEST.VEGAN.CHINESE.  We loved the Kingdom of Vegetarians in Philadelphia's Chinatown and missed that when we moved here.  SO LUCKY to have gone to VIP restaurant after Valley of Fire - and, while talking to the owner there, she gave us info for this place - it is her brother's.  way to go Veggie House!  great food, wonderful service and the owner mingles with the patrons!  our new GO TO place!
Holy holy holy sweet baby Jesus!!  My prayers have been answered. As a vegetarian, finding quality food that tastes bomb and still aligns with your moral compass can be challenging....which is odd to think, considering that Las Vegas is one of the culinary champions in the world.

Well, after reading many wonderful reviews from my fellow yelpers, I had to wing it.  Because I salivate on a daily basis for delicious Chinese cuisine. Low and flippin' behold VEGGIE HOUSE (angels just floated out of heaven and sang), I'm impressed, I'm happy and I'm in a food coma. 
I literally had to ask two times, "are you sure this isn't meat?"  That shizznit is too legit!! 
If it looks like meat, tastes like meat, then it MUST BE VEGGIE HOUSE!!! They should pay me to let them use this as a logo!

I'm going back for lunch tomorrow, and the next, and the next.

SO down to the facts, 
China Town. 
2nd floor above the market.  
I kinda struggled a wee bit to find this gem, since I don't read Mandarin.
Not a bad place to actually eat. Sometimes, when you find a diamond, it's in the ROUGH, realllll ROUGH.  They have a large selection to choose from...my personal fave so far General Tao - I salute thee.  And the Orange Beef is palette pleasing too!

I got a groupon and they had a yelp coupon, this girl bought them both! 
Go, you definitely won't regret it.
I come to Chinatown quite a bit since one of the printers I use is in the area. Today I was in a fairly weird mood and couldn't quite decide on what I wanted but I love to wander into places. I stopped in this shopping mall and wandered through a couple places before I finally decided on Veggie House. When I looked at the menu the price was right and the options sounded more like what I was hungry for on a cold day.

I walked in and was quickly seated. The server quickly got my drink order and I had a big pot of green tea to warm me up. I decided on the General Tzo chicken, which is not really chicken but I'm ok with that. It came with a yummy house soup that was this tasty celery broth that I could have eaten a gallon of, but luckily just had the cup. Not long after I finished that up the server promptly brought out my "chicken" and brown rice. It was the perfect lunch size and I ate the whole thing happily. Even though it was fried, the "chicken" was greasy and the sauce was tasty.

The grand total for lunch and green tea was less than $9 so score one for an affordable, quick, tasty lunch.

I would definitely go back here and try some of their other dishes. If you are looking for vegetarian or not, Veggie House is definitely a great restaurant in Chinatown.
Crispy spicy eggplant was soooo good! I ordered 2 lunch specials for take out and they were ready super quick. The curry needed salt but once added it was perfect. And I love that this is an all vegan restaurant!
We had a groupon and my husband is a vegetarian so we decided to try it.  My man was in heaven - he couldn't decide what to get.  He settled on the crispy beef and thought it was one of the best dishes he ever ate.  I am a carnivre so I wasn't as thrilled - certainly not their fault.  We started with corn soup - not too exciting.  I had the eggplant and tofu - eggplant and sauce were good - tofu was ok.  

Service was phenomenal.  We couldn't have more attentive wait staff and everything came out quick and hot.  Definitely will be back!
So my guy and I were told about this place by our vegan friend, and we are always game to try anything healthy and "Asian"...so when we place our orders, I was excited ...
And man were we satisfied! !! 
Great service, very friendly and attentive, food was hot and came out quick ..and boy..was it good! !!
Ordered the honey shrimp with a side of white rice ..and a noodle dish ..we seriously chowed down!!!! For being a place where they serve "faux" meat ..I COULD NOT TELL! !! holy snikes that chef must be a magician!!! Hahah...I would def recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone ..and if you are a pure meat eater ..I have one thing to say ...JUST GIVE IT A TRY ;)
Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Everything is vegetarian, so no matter how real the "meat" tastes, I trust that is soy of some sort. 

My girlfriend and I have tried the orange beef, sesame chicken, fish with black bean sauce, oyster mushrooms, spinach salad, and Mongolian beef. I have never been disappointed with a dish. 

Service is always great. They never pressure you into deciding, or make you feel rushed to leave. The chef, Kenny, always comes out to check on the tables and make sure you enjoy everything. 

If this place were ever to be on the brink of closing, I will lose all faith in humanity.
I visited this restaurant a few times, and was always satisfied with the food and service.  My last visit gave me enough reason to rate it one star and never eat here again. Me and a friend entered through the rear entrance of the establishment and had to wait a while because they were extremely busy. We had a perfect view into the kitchen and were watching one of the chefs prepare a dish in a wok. during the prep we witnessed the chef use the cooking utensil as his own personal tasting spoon several times and continued to use it in the cooking process. I watched in horror after every taste he put the cooking utensil back in the wok and continued cooking with it. After about the 4th taste, he plated it up and took one more taste before sending it out to the table. I watched the entire thing because had to make sure he wasn't just cooking up his own personal lunch. I shared this story with my vegan/vegetarian friends, and none of us will ever eat there again.
So I hear this place is all the rave.  Yes, I am an avid carnivore, but not too rigid to refuse new things.  I had no idea that this place is primarily Chinese influenced, except for the twist that it's vegan.

You can find the eatery tucked in the corner on the second floor of the original SF Market shopping plaza.  While going to the bathroom, I noticed that there is parking out back that offers easy access to the restaurant via a ramp from the side of the building.

Practically everything here resembles most Chinese cuisines, except for the fact that there is no meat!  There is even a sign saying that they'll chop you head off if you come in with a slim jim or something of the sort...well maybe not that radical, but something to that affect.  Yet, the vegan faux meats is unparalleled.  I am guessing that most of it is derived from soy/tofu, but one cannot be sure.  Chef Kenny offers pineapple duck, general tso's chicken, and even seafood dishes, all ingredients are made with meatless plant proteins, natural spices, seasonings and even organic. No MSG, preservatives, or food coloring are added as well.

We started with the crab and shark fin soup (delish) and had the spicy beef with brocoli with curry mushroom plate.  Its amazing how closely the faux meat resembles real meat and like to think frying the ingredients has a lot to adding to the texture.  I can't wait to try some of the other dishes that were on rotation digitally on the flat screen TV's in the dining area.  Each time i peeked up, I say something else I wanted to try in the future.

The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  There were only two servers and the place is pretty petite, but handled well on the floor.  The place is designed with several cabana themes and a small pond inside.  Nothing flashy and colors were neutral and not surprising.  Maybe a little interior decorating wouldn't hurt.  The place was clean and very well kept to say the least.  Even Chef Kenny was roaming around greeting guests, this says a lot.

I thought that the dishes would be pricier given that it was a vegan joint, but not the case at all.  Everything is reasonably priced and competitive with similar (non vegan) dishes alike.  Although, because the place is small and popular, there could be a slight wait.  

Overall, very good place and a great addition for those who are either vegan or vegetarian.
I love this place.

Oh, I should say more. There isn't enough "alternative diet" selection in this city. Not yet, anyway. So hearing about this place shocked me. A vegetarian place... in Chinatown?! Weird concept. Usually meats, or meat products, are a second staple. So I go, and I am genuinely impressed. Here's what we ordered.

- Mongolian Beef: really, this looks exactly like beef, and almost tastes and feels exactly like beef. Blows my mind a little. It was very fresh with crispy bright vegetables.

- Crispy eggplant: how to best describe this... eggplant fries? Fantastic! Lightly battered and delicious.

- Roti with curry: if you're a fan of this, you'll love it here, too. Fried up roti with a cup of smooth curry with potatoes. Love.

- The "happy roll" special: "Sushi" but with their reasonably convincing fish, lightly fried in batter. Not bad.

- Wonton soup: it is wonton soup. this was probably not their best item. It was fresh tasting, but not the best wonton soup you'll ever have. It was really vegetable soup in a vegetable broth with semi-underwhelming wontons.

One particular thing I loved was the service. It was not only quick and frequent, but friendly, and the chef/owner came out more than enough to check up on everyone for feedback and just to say hello. All of these factors are UNHEARD of in Chinatown. Take note, businesses.

I genuinely loved my experience here and if this keeps up, I'll be back many times. I'm not a vegetarian but this sort of restaurant and ingenuity makes the lifestyle viable.

Oh yeah, there is wifi!
We wanted a healthy veggie lunch and I had this place bookmarked for a while. The place was quite busy when we reached at 1 p.m. and since there were just 2 servers, we waited for 10 minutes before asking for a menu. The waitress assigned to our table was pleasant and quickly brought our drinks when she had a minute.
We ordered 2 lunch specials-crispy beef and vegetables in tamarind sauce.
The vegetarian crispy beef tasted really good and the vegetables in tamarind sauce was ok. 
The lunch special comes with rice or bun and the good thing is that they don't charge extra for brown rice. It also includes a small bowl of clear soup which was tasty and healthy.
My girlfriend took me and my guy here for dinner located in Chinatown in Las Vegas. 

We were greeted sweetly by the ladies that quickly seated us, they really pushed for a lot of different dishes, in which we obliged.

3 of the dishes had mushroom in it and were drenched with sauce, so it didn't taste as clean as what I am use to. 
They pushed for these meatballs that was apparently super special, homemade by the chef and isn't found anywhere else. This dish was a major disappointment it tasted as if it wasn't fully cooked and hard to chew or swallow. 

the special sushi dish was actually not too bad. 
overall, I support this vegetarian restaurant as it was cleaner than any other place I've been to in downtown vegas.
OMG, I'm kind of sad, my original review didn't post :( Got to keep hitting that save button. 

I love that there are a few vegetarian joints located in Chinatown.  I was excited to try this place out since I had scored an awesome deal on Groupon. 

My hubby is a meat-head (LOL), as am I, but I like having vegetarian options and like to taste how people get creative with vegetables.  

Its a nice cozy little place that has delightful, attentive workers, and when we were there, we saw Chef Kenny making his rounds at the tables.  I like when the restaurants do that, gives you a lot of appreciation of whats about to go down in your tummy.  I heard Chef Kenny say to the couple he was speaking to about how he employs chefs that are also vegetarian.  Guess to be okay of the veggies plates you're preparing, you should be a vegetarian yourself, Hehe.  

There are TV sets on each side of the room that display the varieties that they serve here.  So you won't be completely lost about all the faux on faux on faux they got here.  

My hubby and I tried the Shark Fin soup, Oyster Mushroom with Lime Grass, and the Spicy Beef.  Soup was okay, a bit salty for me, the other 2 dishes were bursting with flavor.  BUT they were both fried and the flavor from one of the dishes was drenched in sauce.  Veggies=good, Fried, not so much.  That was my bad.  I was so intrigued about all these dishes I forgot to order up some clean eats.  Ooops.  

Great, clean restaurant to be recommended to vegetarians.  I'll be back to try some non-fried dishes.
This is my favorite vegetarian joint in Las Vegas. Great service, good prices (check Groupon before going), and soy meat products for animal lovers.

My favorite dish is the crispy eggplant. Get the hot tea as well- it's worth it.

Veggie House gets 4 stars instead of 5 because they don't serve alcohol and I love beer.
Things that made me happy:
Vegetarian place in Vegas!
Fantastic wanton soup.
Tasty specials.

Things that took stars away:
Distracted and inattentive servers. 
2 of the 6 dishes we ordered were not good. 

Conclusion:
3 stars
I think this is a place you have to try a few times and figure out what to order.
i went on a groupon double date to this restaurant and was kinda eh about it since i love me some meat. the crunchy scallop was delicious and so was the house crunchy noodles. although the pepper steak was an interesting texture, it was very flavorful. ill definitely be back for a healthy date night dinner!
This place is somewhat strange.  I'm not really into trying to make vegetarian food look like real food.  The taste of everything was good enough, but the "meat" items had a weird after taste to them.  I'm not sure whether it's some sort of psychological thing.  Perhaps my mind was expecting some other taste when I bite into a veggie shrimp.  In any case, the experience wasn't incredibly pleasant as it could have been.  I'm not at all convinced that chinese food should really try to be vegetarian.
Great food, clean establishment. Chef came out and talks to everyone and wants to make sure everything is going well. I eat VEGAN, but I'm not one. The  "gardein beef", gardein fish, gardein chicken dishes were AMAZING!. The Sweet Sour "SCALLOPS", (king oyster mushrooms sliced, breaded then fried) a VEGAN take on SWEET SOUR PORK, creative and DELICIOUS. You have to try this place because I plan on going back.
Great Veggie food!!! Had the Spicy Seaweed Plate. Soooo Yummy!!! Good happy service too :)
If you're vegetarian, this is the place for you. But I do have to wonder if the food is really not meat, cause it tastes just like it.

A huge selection of choices...I have to say me fav was General Tao. 

Give it a go...you'll be happy you did!
Bought a Groupon to come here due to an enjoyment of vegetarian food. Food was found to be mediocre at best. At check out the Groupon proved to be a huge issue. They kept my phone for 15 minutes, appearing to be confused. They ended up being unable to redeem it and said I could come back at a later date to try again. No dice. Perhaps if the food had been delicious I could handle incompetent customer service. Nope.
You have to taste it to believe it and even after that you still won't believe that it's not MEAT!!!!

We came here to try something different and were pleasantly surprised at how tasty it actually turned out to be. The atmosphere is very clean, green and zen like. 

Service was great! The older Asian ladies were all very nice and even wrapped up our leftovers for us! 

Hot and Sour soup (bowl)- was nice and spicy but was a bit bland.. Nothing a little low sodium soy sauce won't fix.
"Beef" & Chinese broccoli- They didn't have it on the menu but were willing to make it for us.. Tastes pretty much just like the real thing!!!
Sizzling "Chicken" and Veggies- This was my fav dish of the day. Bell peppers, onions, mushrooms made the dish especially yummy!
Brown Rice: At no extra charge and is included with entrees!!!

The fake meat looked just like real meat and tastes pretty darn similar. I think the texture is what gives it away. The texture is very similar to that of Inari (tofu wrap used at sushi places..) None the less, this place should definitely be bookmarked and is a great healthier alternative to the real stuff!
Kenny is AWESOME and the food here is WOW....if you like asian food, you will LOVE this place whether you are Vegan, Vegetarian or a meat person.  You will not be able to tell you are not eating the real thing here.

The food is so AWESOME here and the place is becoming so popular, he is going to expand at the location he is at and he is considering opening a place in Henderson.

I have written a few reviews about this place before and since we have been traveling, it has been a little while since we got the time to return to this place.  What is awesome, is not only has the food stayed as AWESOME as we remember, there are new selections he has added to the menu and you have to give this place a try.
Faux meat, fo' sho'!  I wanted to see what vegetarian restaurants were in Las Vegas on Yelp! and this place didn't disappoint.  Every kind of faux meat you can think of, they offer.  May it be chicken, beef, or pork, to squid, kidneys, and fish, they have it.  After living in a small town in Tennessee for two years, the options here are limitless.

We arrived there for a late dinner.  We ordered the Spring Rolls, Sesame "Chicken," and House Chow Fun.  Their servings are massive.  If you just walked up from the street and had no idea this was a vegetarian place, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference.  We felt we cheated on our pescatarian diet after eating here.  That's how real it tasted.  The dishes come with your choice of brown or steamed rice.  We shared both dishes and we were stuffed to our gills.  

The service was great.  All the servers were attentive and made sure we were happy by filling up our drinks and asking if we needed anything.  We need to try their desserts next time.  We were so full, we couldn't eat another morsel.

Overall, this place is a real gem for vegetarians everywhere.  Located on the second floor of a complex with many Asian restaurants, this stands out as an awesome alternative for non meat eaters!
Me and the bestie were looking for a place to eat in Chinatown besides the usual places we go, so we decided to try out Veggie House!
I used to come to this establishment all the time when it was a wonton house lol. So coming back was pleasant and the new food too!
Service was friendly and great! The food came out quickly as well.
They have a lunch special from 11:30-3:00 for $6.50, with comes with a variety of selections from tofu, veggies,fish,and even seafood! It also comes with soup, served with white or brown rice or you can opt for a bun roll.
Everything was priced so decently, it won't take much to fill you up and NOT hurt the wallet!
I had Thai tea and #97 Hunan Scallop Pan Fried Noodle. Both of which were tasty! 
I am definitely coming back to try out their other dishes and have a jab at the dessert menu next time I come!
Btw, they have free wifi too!
Really good veggie food...all veggie but super tasty meat like traditional dishes
I'm as much a carnivore as anyone, but this place was surprisingly good.  We had mongolian "beef" and general tzo's "chicken" and both of them were quite good.  We also tried their soy ice cream with quinoa and it was really amazing.  The chef came out to talk to us about our meal and his cooking too.  It was a really great dinner.
Simply put, this place is fantastic.  A rare find in an area of dirty restaurants with sub par food!  Kenny is the best.  As long as it is veggie, he will make it for you.
Super delish vegetarian food....experiment and try something new each time!
We visited this Chinese vegetarian restaurant on our last trip and wouldn't you know we had the same waitress again.  We started with an off the menu spinach salad which was very fresh and delicious.  For entrees we shared spicy crispy beef with oranges and a recommendation by our waitress Mimi of sizzling seafood vegetables.  The spicy beef was again very good, but the Mandarin oranges on the side added nothing to the dish so I would take a pass on them next time.  Once again, everything was very good including the service. 

A 3.5 star rating would be most appropriate.
Possibly the best asian restaurant I have ever been to. The setup of the restaurant was nice and simple without looking ghetto. When I opened up the menu, I was surprised that everything was vegan and they had a large variety with things like shrimp, pan fried fish, and squid (how is that even possible?). I had an appetizer... don't really remember what I had so I can't comment on it (I think it was fried wonton or soup or something). For my main course, I had the sizzling beef vegetables which as delicious as it looked. Finally, for desert I had the fried ice cream. It was a bit too sweet for my taste but it was okaay. Overall, had a good time and good conversations.
In recent months trying to incorporate a much healthier way of eating/living I have been cooking 3 to 4 Vegan and Vegitarian meals a week however sometimes you just want to go out for a good but heathly meal.  This has become a new go to spot for me, I have a few friends in LA who are vegan and introduced me to this kind of Tofu meal years ago that looks, feels and tastes like meat.

You do not need meat to survive you do however need protein.  One of the things you miss while either transitioning into a healthier way of living or after living it for awhile is a meat texture instead of a pile of tofu or beans.  Sadly I don't make it to LA often enough to buy it and no stores here sell this kind of food!  This place is the Bomb!  

The beef resembles what beef would look and feel like the shrimp is made to look like a shrimp down to the patterns on the little fake shrimps!  The have a huge selection of menu items and the portions are huge, I recommend doing it family style and sharing with friends.  The feel is very Om like the sound from the indoor waterfall is soothing and the staff is nice!
I've been to Veggie House Vegetarian Restaurant on multiple occasions, and it is one of the few places I consistently recommend to others, regardless if they're vegan/vegetarians/omnivores/carnivores/t-rexes. 

Here's why:
*The décor is lovely.
*The service is wonderful.
*The prices are reasonable (ESPECIALLY the lunch special).
*Nearly everything is delicious.
*The menu is massive.
*They have a charming sign on the door that basically says "NO MEAT ALLOWED!" :D

I've had a chance to try multiple dishes and thought I'd provide my thoughts on a few:
-Curry Chicken with Potato: Possibly my favorite dish. The curry sauce creates the perfect gravy for the chicken and potatoes. An ideal comfort food! 
-Geese: Amazing layers of veggies with a crispy outer crust. I don't know how the Chef makes this one, but it's divine. Pair your leftovers with a salad and you'll have a great lunch the next day. 
-General Tzo Chicken: This is my non-vegetarian boyfriend's most favorite dish. He says it reminds him of Orange Chicken and he literally orders it every single time.
-Crispy Spicy Eggplant: A lot of reviewers hailed this as the most delicious dish on the menu, but this is where I'm going to have to disagree. I found it to be too sweet and the sauce to be too thick to properly enjoy.
-Crab Meat Shark Fin Soup: We decided to try something different when we ordered this one with egg drops. It was interesting, but not a hit. I think it would have been better without the egg, so consider that before ordering. 
-Walnut Shrimp: I found the faux-seafood to be too convincing. Ordinarily, that's a compliment to the chef. However, when things taste a little too much like the "real deal," I start to freak out and panic and can't enjoy the meal because I worry I accidentally ate meat. I'm a crazy vegetarian, what can I say.
-Drinks: No fountain drinks, but a decent selection of canned or bottled sodas and juices. 

Worth noting, I have taken both my younger brother (who would live off Carl's Jr. if he could) and boyfriend (who usually threatens to break up with me any time I recommend a vegetarian restaurant for dinner) here and they both loved it just as much as I did. So, rest-assured vegetarians and meat-eaters alike will enjoy this place! You can even bring your pet T-Rex!
Saw the reviews on Yelp - went on a Monday night - very friendly server. Tried several dishes - Pineapple duck was excellent, miso soup was fine, the black bean fish was too spicy for my wife unfortunately, and the sweet and sour "meat" dish was average at best. All in all, didn't try some of the pure veggie dishes - but I would be willing to up my rating if I see other dishes that were better than the ones we had.
We have been coming to the Veggie House for a while now and we love it. The decor is very nice and the ladies that work there remember us and always have suggestions as what to try. They remember that we always get tea and rice and what we chatted back the visit before. You feel like family when you go there even if you come with a big group. I'm a very boring, picky eater, but I'll try everything the veggie house has to offer it's that good!
An endless variety of amazing vegan dishes! Even carnivores love it.
If your a vegan or vegetarian, then you have to try this place. I brought a friend (meat lover) and she said that if she could eat this everyday, then she could easily become a vegetarian. A lot of the food is nothing like you would ever experience before and you won't find it at any local grocery store. A lot of the food inspirations were better than the food that inspired them.

I have tried everything from the mixture seafood to their stir fried beef. It is hard to pick one that a loved more, but the most recent one I loved was their pineapple duck. The texture of the food is amazingly close to the real thing, or so my meat eater friends have told me, and the sauce was perfect. It came with it covered in sauce and surrounded with pineapples. The look of it would remind you the look of real duck at the regular restaurant. All this and no cruelty for a low price!

Their fish to me is better than the animal version. Texture is amazingly close, but better in its own way. The taste is dead on, but no nasty mercury after taste. My uncle told me it does not taste like any specific fish, but it does taste like fish. My uncle, by the way, loves fish to death and he enjoyed the fish there too. Their sushi as an appetizer is really good also, or it could be a meal.

Their desserts are very interesting and they even have vegan options. I have had the bean cake topped with green tea ice cream. Presentation is as cool as the ice cream and the taste was top notch. Definitely try that if you ever go.

Overall, I love the place, its easily one of my favorite vegetarian/vegan spots. The service is incredible and everyone is super nice. The decor is really cool and they have done a lot with the place. It is really relaxing and the next time your there, look for the animatronic birds in the corner over the pond, they chirp.
Definitely a must try place! My brother introduced me to this chinese vegetarian restaurant and each dish delivers! 

The food comes out HOT AND FRESH! 

Must try:
Crispy eggplant (reminded me of sweet potato fries) 
General tso chicken
Walnut shrimp (nice and saucy)
While planning a trip to Vegas, I reached out to Vegas Yelper and vegetarian Julie K. for some vegan friendly recommendations. Not only did she suggest restaurants but she also suggested we meet up for dinner. Hell yeah!

The thought of vegan friendly Chinese food intrigued me and my Chinese meat eater BF. But I knew we were in good hands since Julie K., who is an absolute sweetheart btw, frequents this place enough to have a favorite waitress. We started off with some yummy Fried Veggie Dumplings (http://su.pr/2v47Ih ) while we sipped on Thai Iced Tea.

They have a very extensive menu (http://www.beyondmenu.com/25320/Las-Vegas/Veggie-House-Las-Vegas-89146.aspx?r=25320 ) I wanted to order something that I knew I couldn't order at a regular Chinese restaurant. I was craving something "beefy" with curry. They have "chicken" curry on the menu but when I asked the waitress if they have a "beef" curry dish, her response was "We can make you one!" Whoa, really!?! They will just invent dishes at your request!!! http://su.pr/1Rhxts

When she brought it out, she informed me that this was the first time they made this dish. So we're kinda special being the first ones with a beef curry dish :) The vegan beef was mixed with all kinds of hearty veggies. It was good but I didn't enjoy it as much as our other dishes: Yee Shang Eggplant and the Salt & Pepper Fried Tofu. The eggplant dish was cooked perfectly soft and covered in a spicy sweet sauce (http://su.pr/26qrg4 ). The tofu dish had this light batter and fried perfectly crispy seasoned with just enough salt & pepper. http://su.pr/2UtvSh

At the end of our dinner, I was sad that I didn't have room for the Vegan Fried Ice Cream. Looks like I'm gonna have to venture off strip again for my next Vegas trip. This is one of those places I can definitely see myself revisiting a few more times and eventually updating this review to five stars. So many menu items I want to taste! But I'm definitely a fan and would give this place 4.5 stars if I could :)

Major thanks to Julie K. for the awesome restaurant recommendation and generously sharing her Groupon to Veggie House with us! :)
Tried this place last night and while the food was excellent, the service that night wasn't.  It took way to long for anyone to acknowledge and seat us.  After asking for water twice, they finally brought us some.  This place could be great if they would pay a little more attention to customer service.
I am by no means a vegetarian or a vegan,  but when I go to Veggie House I am in LOVE!!! 
The first time I ever had there food, it was the peppered steak and I ate it all, before my husband told me it was all vegan! I was hooked! 
Our favorites include Kenny's spinach salad, crispy beef, lotus root cakes, broccoli beef and sweet and sour pork. 
The staff is always super friendly and they will always help you with the menu. It is always a good time when you go there too, because Kenny will always come out and talk to you. If it's not too busy he will sit down at your table. His story is really amazing and he is a super guy! If you have been there a few times and have a feel for the menu, you can tell Kenny what you like and he will make you food based on what you tell him! We have had him do that twice with the chow main noodles, and we have yet to be disappointed! If chef Kenny ever gets on the Food Network or the Travel Channel WATCH OUT because he will explode! His food is so YUMMY! If I could do what he does in the kitchen, there is no question that my family and I would all be enjoying the vegan lifestyle!!!
The chef here is nothing short of a magician! Abra Cadabra! He takes veggie substitutes and somehow magically makes them tastes so delicious. My husband couldn't even tell that it wasn't real meat! And the selection on the menu is huge! All your favorite dishes- orange beef, chicken, fish, etc made without harming a single creature. Who knew fake could taste so real. 
Come try it for yourself if you don't believe me! However, the best tasting dishes were the fried ones- like the spicy eggplant. All the grease did get to be too much at one point, but I pushed through it because it was so worth it.
I am by no means a vegetarian, but I found this place delightful. I used to be a regular at this location back when it was Noodle Palace and was so disappointed when they closed. Once they reopened their doors as Veggie House I bookmarked it immediately, but it wasn't until the Groupon became available that I got just the right push to get me here. 

My Groupon was just about to expire, so I decided to pick up a meal for my fella and I for carryout. I ordered over the phone and the service was so friendly and informative when I had questions about the menu. I came in after work and my food was ready to go. The ladies who worked here were really nice and I was really impressed with the pleasant service. 

I got our meal home and I actually had to wait a bit before my fella got home. I couldn't resist and snuck a bite from each of the dishes before he arrived. Everything was oh so good. I couldn't believe how much the General Tso's "Chicken" tasted and felt just like actual chicken. My fella was especially reluctant, but I made him give it a chance. He was absolutely blown away how good it all was. My favorite was the spicy crispy eggplant and the green beans. The eggplant was spicy and delicious. Even better, they offer brown rice instead of white for no extra fee. 

Despite my carnivorous tendencies, I am quite the veggie addict, so I was thrilled with the food here. I can't wait to make this place a regular on our restaurant rotation for their veggie options. I'll probably skip the faux meat next time.
The fake chicken tastes just like chicken. I love meat, but since we had a deal for this place, we tried it last week. The food was surprisingly good. I'm shocked to admit that I actually liked the soy chicken. After I ate I had the feeling that I could become a vegetarian. That lasted less than a day, but I'll still check this place out again.
I was in Vegas for my birthday (May 15th) and decided I wanted to eat at Veggie House. Yes, it's that good (to me anyway). 

As usual, the Chef stopped by and talked with us. The food was divine. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Vegas. 

The waitresses are wonderful and as usual, attentive to our needs.

Thank you for a super yummy meal on my birthday and plenty of leftovers for later.
The special crunchy mushroom dish was outstanding.  We also tried the special roll appetizer.  The only problem was it was cut in 5 pieces and I thought my husband was going to stab my hand when I went for the 3rd piece.  Brown rice is the usual, not extra or poorly cooked.  We loved the eggplant and the soft and egg tofu. 


Can I just add that we have since tried the Mongolian beef which was very tasty and the spicy scallop which was outstanding. You have to try this even if you are not vegan. We do go here at least twice a month. We have the oyster mushroom in Lemon Grass sauce every time.
This place has so many vegetarian options that it is overwhelming.
The service and food are both spectacular. I can't seem to order anything but the General Tso "chicken", it is to die for!

Great lunch specials.
"I CAN'T BELIEVE ITS NOT CHICKEN!"

Those were my EXACT words when I tried the sesame chicken. This place is definitely worth a try. The chef here is a magician.. its like turning a cow to tofu while still maintaining the same beef texture. Neat-o! Overall the quality of the food was good however the flavors were just.. not quite right. Everything tasted like soy sauce to me. The restaurant was super clean and the service was great. 

Here's a list of what my friends and I ordered:

Sesame chicken: This was probably my favorite dish. The texture of the 'chicken' and the crunchiness of the coating was really just perfect. The flavor however was a little off for me.

Crunchy spicy eggplant: Definitely a must order.  

Pineapple duck: This was probably my least favorite dish. The texture of the 'duck' was alright with me however the flavor tasted a little burnt to me. Can't really describe it but it didn't taste good to me. 

Walnut shrimp: One of my favorites from dinner too. Texture was good and flavor was good.
If it looks and tastes like chicken, it must be chicken right? Nope, not here.

The walnut shrimp and the sesame chicken could've fooled a carnivore performing a blind taste test! Their textures were deceptively like their naturally occurring animal counterparts. It probably helped these dishes to fry these meatless morsels in a light batter. The crispy spicy eggplant was cut into perfectly-sized strips and the sauce was spot on. Brown rice is also offered as an option, which is different from most Asian establishments.

As fans of roast duck from Chinese restaurants, my friends and I were intrigued by the pineapple duck and ordered it. Duck is difficult to replicate because of its gamey flavor and texture, so I wasn't expecting much. At first glance, it looked similar; however, at first bite, it was akin to fried tofu that was squished down. In the end, I was mostly put off by the sauce.

The establishment itself is nice and clean with very attentive service. The dishes are well-priced, since my group of four paid about $13 each (including tax and tip). I'd like to try their lunch specials and non-fried dishes too! As someone who won't convert to vegetarianism, I could be tricked into being one at Veggie House.
I came with Yelper Tien N for a late lunch and we ate family style. 

Roti w/ curry - this was the least greasy, yet puffy roti I've had. We both sat there wondering how they got away with so little oil while making it crisp and still fluffy inside The yellow curry that came with was pretty decent as well.

Crispy Beef - this was hard to tell this was soy beef aside it from not having any kind of strong beefy flavor. They know how to fry up something crispy here as the sauce never made the crisp outside sog AT ALL and it was not a greasy dish either. I wish every Chinese restaurant knew the Veggie House secret.

5 Vegetable Delight - this was subtle, but solid vegetables. The sauce is a light soy and ginger and it had lotus root, mustard, mushrooms (black fungus and shiitake), snap peas, carrots and cashews. 

We ate everything up but didn't feel overly stuffed or get that "itis" you get when you just eat some filling, fatty, salty stuff. Definitely not feel guilty food at all. 

I'm glad there is a place like this around. My own caveat is for a place that is "Veggie House" there wasn't many JUST vegetable dishes there, but I digress. I'm just not keen on fake meats, but that beef was good. 

Service here is pretty good. Checking on us and drinks were refilled and didn't stay empty very long which is much appreciated on a hot summer day. 

Must come if you're vegetarian/ vegan , definitely worthy even if you're not. The uncommon meat substitutes are definitely a foodie adventure in their own right.
The wait time at dinner rush may be long but it is worth the wait. Very home style vegetarian chinese food. Any vegetarian that visits Vegas must try this. Excellent deserts too!
For vegetarian Chinese food, this place nails it! I was a little skeptical at first, but honestly everything we ordered was amazing, Generals chicken, kung pao chicken, and chow fun all were surprisingly on point! will be going back soon!
Not too long ago I bought a groupon to Veggie house because I was craving something different and being new to Vegas I also wanted to explore so Veggie house killed two birds with one stone. After I bought the groupon I started to think about what I can expect and I came on here to get a heads up on the menu, decor stuff like that but I still retained an open mind so that I could enjoy the experience and write this review. Everyone said the food and atmosphere was great and they didn't lie. It was a little jewel in china town above a strip mall, you would walk right by it if you weren't looking for it and I liked that. Upon entering the restaurant I noticed how light the restaurant felt, it gave you that feel good vibe, there was no wait time and the hostess was friendly. The restaurant was clean and the sound of running water which was coming from the decor was delightful and calming. A waitress came to our table right away and asked if we had ever been there before, you could tell that she cared about the reputation of the restaurant and the quality of our experience, I loved that. After I said no she proceeded to tell me about the specials and what she would recommend and even asked me what my taste were (at this point it was groupon be damned and I was going to pay full price for the food and experience). I ordered the roti for the appetizer and for dinner I ordered the seaweed steam with basil and my sister had the fried eggplant. With the waitress gone we were able to soak up the ambiance of the restaurant , 5 mins after that appetizers came and 20 mins after that the dishes were on the table. At first bite I was in love with my dish, it was really spicy just like I like and it had a bold flavor (I thought that the seaweed would have a fishy off putting taste to it but it didn't). It had exactly the flavors I wanted and was just different enough to add to  my overall experience. My sister's experience was slightly different, she is a very picky eater since birth and found the eggplant too sweet for her liking but after urging her to put some soy sauce on it (soy sauce has a lot of sodium so I knew it would balance out the sweetness) she was liking her dish too. So desert was next up I ordered the green tea ice cream and she had the cherry ice cream, my ice cream was more of a palate cleanser and seeing as how I love tons of sugar and like I said I wanted something different it was good. My sister's experience of her desert was 4 thumbs up and she would go back just to get the ice cream (being that the place is like 2 hours away from where we live by bus that's saying something). I would recommend veggie house to anyone that lives or visits Vegas, this place really made my day.
Absolutely love this place. You would not believe you are eating vegetarian items here. The spicy crispy beef should be called veggie-crack.
While this place wasn't my favorite, I can appreciate their absolute adoration and passion for what they are selling. I would definitely like to come back and try it again just for this reason alone.

I'm a meateater. I try to avoid meat, but fake meat just isn't my bag usually. A friend, who is not a meateater, was in town and wanted to give this place a shot. 10% off with Yelp check-in as well which is an extra incentive.

We got some special roll to start with which was very good. We were definitely conned into it by the server, but I didn't mind. She cared so much about whether we were enjoying ourselves and the food! For my entree I got the General Tso chicken, but it was really bland. I wanted to be punched in the mouth with spice and flavor, but I was not. For dessert, I had the vegan ice cream with quinoa. Glad to have ventured to have quinoa with a sweet treat, but I know that I don't like it and won't have it again. 

All in all, I want to give this place further investigation.
I was recently in Las Vegas working for a week.  I'm a vegetarian, so I tend to search through Yelp when traveling to find great restaurants.  This place is on the second floor in a strip mall containing a grocery store.  It wasn't that hard to find, and once there, boy was I HAPPY!  Try the lettuce rolls - they're fantastic!  I also loved the vegetables in curry and tamarind.  Kenny (Owner/Chef) is always there, and he will make things any way you like.  I ate there three nights in a row - as it was so good!!!!
As much as i like this place i often find my liking reduced to a handful of dishes off the lunch menu.

First off the food is very light and a bit on the bland side. more often than not i find myself wondering if i could get away with asking for some table salt or some soy sauce but that'll defeat the purpose of eating wholesome healthy vegetarian food.

Another reason i like Veggie house is the food doesnt exactly bloat you up unlike...well pretty much everything else. It's a good feeling of full without actually physically feeling like you're gut is going to explode. 

Recommendations?
Ice cream is always a good choice as they get supplied from Perfect Scoop so expect yummy high quality hand made ice cream 100% of the time, all the time.

The crispy spicy beef has got to be one of the greatest items on the menu. Not judging this based on taste, if this was a taste game then the rating would be 5 stars not 4. This is due to the texture of the faux beef. Other items such as the kung pow beef or beef with broccoli the texture is close to a tofu like mushroom and carries a similar taste if it wasn't for the sauces.

So overall this place is definitely worth a stop for lunch but dont expect a 100% accurate vegetarian replacement for meat.

As for the vegetarian alternatives for fish...we'll see about that in the updated review...

Yelp 100 - 034 of 100
The food here is AMAZING, and even your meat eating friends will be impressed. Makes me wish they were closer to me than they are, because I don't live in Vegas, nor have plans to move there any time soon.  

 We had:  

seaweed salad- portions were double what you would get anywhere else (and I know, because I order seaweed salad any time its on a restaurant menu) and it is entirely seaweed, instead of a little pile of seaweed with some other veggies underneath to make it look like there's more seaweed there (ahem, other restaurants)

roti w/ curry sauce-  the bread was perfect in texture and taste, airy and not greasy, and the curry sauce was out of this world

Oyster mushrooms w/ lemon sauce-  Very delicious.  Just superb.  This was one of the specials, and the mushrooms are deep fried and the basil (cooked) complements them and the sauce perfectly

Orange Beef-  OH. MY. GOD.  I want to eat this every day of my life.  The "beef" had a very nice crisped texture, excellent flavor and perfect amount of tang and spiciness to the sauce

Crispy Spicy Eggplant- This was pretty good, but not mindblowing.  If you really like eggplant you might feel differently, but compared to the other items we ordered...

The ambiance is great as well, the decor is cute and the servers are really friendly and attentive.  

As others have related, the menu is extensive and has an impressive array of meat alternatives.  

The only thing that I wish would change is the packaging for left overs- it was all styrofoam.  Would have been awesome if it were something more enviromentally friendly but I will just have to remember to bring my own containers and bag next time....
I give this place 5 stars because the service was great, the food was fabulous and the ambience was wonderful.  We sat next to their fountain with birds singing(through speakers).  Now don't go thinking I'm talking Vegas opulence, but simpleness was refreshing.
All there food is vegetarian, which as a pescetarian, makes this place a great find. The servers if you aren't a regular seem to be very reserved, but are prompt. I had a bowl of miso soup and it was amazing. I advise sharing it with someone seeing as it is a very large size and I even had enough to take home. For my entrée I had the 'Teriyaki Chicken' and it was not appealing. I went to bite into it and I wasn't sure if the bottom half was made of a paper or a pastry. It was very chewy and didn't know if it was suppose to be eaten. I decided to break it in half and eat the top half which was amazing, especially with my rice. Overall, I will give it another shot, but I will try something that isn't 'chicken'
Orders of curry chicken with potato and sizzling beef did not disappoint.  Service continues to be friendly.  Since I had to rearrange our dining due to the Border Grill incident, I allowed this gift certificate to expire so only the paid value was applied to the bill. Not a problem as the promotional value was only $10.
Great place with peaceful ambience.  Everyone is genuinely happy to see you here!  Two of us ordered 3 lunch special items and each had unique flavor and was delicious!  Ingredients and cooking oil was very fresh!  We will definitely come back.  Just wish their lunch special portion could be a bit more.
We stopped off at this place on our way into Vegas.  We were hungry after the drive from SD and I knew once we parked our car or the weekend we would not be getting into it until we left.  I am not use to having so many choices as a vegetarian, but everything on the menu was veggie friendly.  They had so many veggie meat alternatives, it was insane.  We had the crispy beef and the pad thai and were pleased with both.  If you are a vegetarian in Vegas you should totally check this place out.
Everything written here about the restaurant is true. Crispy spicy beef is amazing, brown rice for free with entree, Thai tea is delicious, ice cream is bomb. Do it, go, try as much as you can handle.
I have to update my review after eating here several more times. The food continues to be amazing, but the waitresses are a nightmare. Every time I've been here - excluding my first visit - they've acted so put-upon that someone would want to, you know, order food and maybe get separate checks. Gasp! The horror!

Seriously, though, it's extremely frustrating. I had a Groupon one day, and it took three flustered waitresses over 10 minutes to figure out that all I wanted to do was use it, and yes I was aware that you can only use one per table, and no we did not have more than one so why was this even a problem in the first place!? We've had problems paying separate checks as well, and while I'm not the sort of person to expect non-native English speakers to speak perfect English, if you're going to wait on people you should as least know enough to do your job.
This restaurant offers a lot of fake meats, which aren't my favorite. However, this is a vegetarian gem - the restaurant is very clean, the staff is very friendly and accommodating, the food is tasty, and the prices are good!
I'm always looking for tasty vegetarian restaurants in the Las Vegas area and the other day I saw that this place had a groupon. My girlfriend and I purchased the groupon and went in for lunch. I've been to pretty much every vegetarian restaurant in the valley and I must say, this place was delicious. Much of the time I find that Asian vegetarian joints just have veggie meats and somehow that makes for a good meal, like the mediocre "Veggie Delight." But Veggie house seems to have out a lot of time into their menu and combination of flavors. We ordered the BBQ meat appetizer and the sauce was delicious. We had braised tofu and crispy eggplant for our Entrees and both were unique and flavorful. Both dishes had distinct flavors and had obviously been developed by someone who cares about flavor profiles. Our server was nice and accommodating and she made suggestions that were delicious. We will be dining here again and spreading the word about the flavors. I saw a precious reviewer give this place a bad rating because they use commercial tofu and don't pay attention to GMO's. Well, they should not be paying attention to GMO's, because there is NO evidence that they are harmful to humans. Keep your anti-science views to yourself and stop spreading propaganda that can't be proven. You give vegetarians like myself a bad name, you anti-science smelly hippy.
Very delicious vegan and vegetarian food. The only issue I have with it that it's a little bit on the greasy side but I guess a lot of chinese places cook like that. Overall, we've always had a great experience with this place.
I'm a vegan so I know how to cook tofu and vegetables. When I go to places like these, I  like to experiment with certain "meats." The restaurant is really cute and the service was superb. I ordered the orange chicken and steamed fish with black bean sauce. AMAZING!!! Everything tasted so flavorful. I was very pleased. I even saved room for some mung bean and green tea vegan ice cream. I suggest you do the same.
I was referred to Veggie House by a vegan friend who boasts Veggie House is one of his favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  I can't say that with all the choices of food I will be back to Veggie House anytime soon.  

Although the staff was nice, our food was bland and lacked any amount of spice.  The lunch soup tasted like water and even the vegetables in the soup lacked any sort of flavor....and to add the icing to the cake I had the review of the GMO soy products flashing through my memory.  Soy is one of the largest GMO crops outside of corn and I couldn't get past it with every bite.

Our food wasn't horrible, it was edible...I left full...it was clean...and everyone was nice.
Delicious!  Loved the Veggie Lemon Chicken!!!
Good service, good food.
Quaint little place!
Great concept of vegetarian meat dishes.  Just not my thing.  

Average Food Cost/person:
$15

Recommend:  
Crispy spicy eggplant 
Crispy fried "beef"

Skip:  
Salt and pepper tofu - not as flavorful 

Service:  Attentive chef and waitress.

Environment:  Chinese restaurant in a strip mail. Sparse decor.
Walnut shrimp to die for plus I had the wonton soup. Excellent quality. Will be back to try everything else!
Happy! This words describes everything about this place. The people who work here are very happy, the place is designed with happy aesthetics, and you'll be very happy once you get their delicious food in your belly.  This restaurant is a welcome break from the madness and toxicity of the Strip.  

They offer delicious vegetarian based dishes made to taste and look like their meat counterparts.  My friend and I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and the Mongolian Beef and both tasted amazingly just like meat even though they were completely vegetarian.  The staff is very gracious and offers excellent service.  The price is very reasonable. Highly recommend Veggie House the next time you are in Vegas.
Veggie house is a must-eat location for any vegan/vegetarian. It's friendly staff, extensive menu and clean bright atmosphere are all attributes of a quality restaurant. My favorite dishes are the wonton ramen and the pineapple duck. Chef Kenny really knows what it means to be a vegan restaurant. Ill always recommend and come back.
Had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon and ordered strictly from their lunch specials menu, which for $7.50 you get a choice of 1 entree, either white or brown rice or bun roll, and a cup of soup.  As I understand, everything in the menu is vegetarian and all the meat are meat substitutes.  For example, the general tzo's chicken I had used some kind of fake chicken meat made from veggies.  I should say that I'm not vegetarian or vegan and I don't typically care if the food I'm eating uses fake meat, I only care that it taste good and on that note, I find the food here quite delicious.  

The real surprise to me was the fake shrimp we ordered - you would never mistake it for real shrimp but it's an admirable approximation.  One person in my party has moderate shrimp allergies and she was able to eat this without any allergic reactions and she was so happy.  Sure a real shrimp is much tastier but this fake shrimp is just fine.  Also their deserts are really good too.  Overall, I like this place because their food is healthy, cheap, and yummy!
Awesome food and service! Great vegan options! I love how the food tastes and most especially how friendly the ladies are. I wish I could just hang out with them and get to know them as much as they get to know me.
I don't like vegan food usually but you would seriously never know it wasn't meat. Its really tasty and well priced!
This is truly a Chinese vegetarian restaurant.  It's located in China Town, not far from the Strip.  It's on second floor.  Most dishes are made from mushroom, tofu or veggie meat.  They are very tasty.  The price is reasonable, especially the lunch special.  Service is fine.  I'm very glad to see that Vegas has a gourmet veggie restaurant.  It's the perfect option when you are tired of buffets and meat.
Vegan or meat eater, this is the place to eat!!
General TSO chicken (vegan)
And spicy BBQ beef ( vegan) is what we ordered and it was GREAT!!   Had to order a 2nd spicy beef before we could leave.

Highly recommend this place.
Such a Fan of Chef Kenny's faux meat creations, wok'd to wafting perfection. Just as worthwhile is his story of being a former meat distributor for the Vegas restaurant scene. Surely a profession that could help inspire a more plant-based second career of anyone. I am a vegetarian, so I'm already sold on the soy-based crispy beef, basil meatballs in rich mushroom gravy, the cold vegan smoked duck, the crisp lotus root atop a scoop vegan mango ice cream. With much flavor and harm to no sentient creature, this Chinese restaurant is a green-ribboned gift to our increasingly veg conscious valley.
Great service !! Had the beef spring roll which was awesome. Ordered the sweet and sour chicken which was the best dish I had !!!!
Looked at the dessert menu but was too full to eat more. Will totally come back for dessert. 
They now have vegan ice cream. Everything looks really yummy. 
I will come again for sure. H
I came here with some friends for lunch, I thought it was pretty funny how the door says it opens at 11:28 am and closes at 9:33pm 

We had to wait a few minutes outside until it was 
1128 when they opened the doors lol 

It's an all vegan place, and I'm no vegan or even come close to a vegetarian but the food there is good! 

We had the crispy spicey eggplant and salt and pepper fish. 

The crispy spicey eggplant is good! But its not something I would eat all by myself xD that's why I think it's a great dish to use for family styled meals! The salt and pepper fish was tasted good too, but it's vegan so I don't really know what kind of replacement is usually in those but I'd order it again! 

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and I would most likely stop by here again!

Oh yeah. P.S. the customer service was really good! The employees were extremely nice, but that could have been just because we were their first custumers of the day and nobody had time to Piss them off yet.
Came back here for a weekend dinner and used a Groupon we bought prior.  The place was nearly packed!  The food was as good as last time we went, so was the service and everything else.  We tried other dishes we haven't had last time and I was most impressed with the crispy (veggie) beef dish.  Forget that this is not actually beef, this dish is yummy!  We also really like the various desserts we've sampled so far.  One tip I'd like to share here is that this restaurant is in the 2nd floor of the SF Market complex, which means you can park on the 2nd level parking and use the restaurant's back entrance.
Excellent service. Great for vegetarians- veggies tasted fresh and soy stuff was perfect.  Spicyness was excellent (for spicy lovers). Be sure to get a sizzling dish
This is the best vegetarian restaurant. We have several vegetarian restaurant options in San Diego but none come close to the Veggie House. Chef Kenny's menu has  everything you'd find on a typical Chinese restaurant menu but everything is vegetarian/vegan. The food is delicious and the staff is very nice.  It was great to see Chef Kenny walk through the dining room to chat with guests and make sure everyone is enjoying their food.  This is a 'must go' for your next trip to Vegas, you will not be disappointed.
Another great experience at this awesome restaurant. Tonight I got the privilege of a tasting (really a whole dinner) that was part of the Viva Las Vegan Fest. Chef Kenny impressed all with his wonderful all-vegetarian cuisine! What a great place! Can't wait to go back again.
Having just moved to Vegas from California, I was looking for a good Vegan Asian restaurant. The restaurant is very clean, the staff is friendly and and the service is great. The food is also excellent, it's on par with all the great Vegan places I've been to in California, and the price is great as well.
As a meat loving carnivore I am skeptical of vegetarian places. I always think of Birkenstock clad hippies from Berkeley overcooking vegetables into mush. I must still be traumatized from some vegetarian potluck back in my childhood.

This place is different. It's amazing. Come here.

Everything I have tried here has been excellent. Here are my favorites:

Crispy Eggplant 5/5
I checked in with yelp and decided we needed to try this even though we were here for dessert. Very happy I did. Crispy fried goodness with a delicious sauce, this dish highly recommended for good reason. Get it.

Crispy Oyster Mushrooms 5/5
It's hard to describe how good this dish is, it's just ridiculous. Deep fried crispy mushrooms drenched in a thick, rich lemongrass sauce and tossed with sautéed veggies. Be warned, this is a dish you will remember for a long time and probably have serious cravings for. If you try this while visiting Vegas, you may find yourself needing to come back here just to get more.

Vanilla vegan Ice Cream 5/5
Creamy. Vanilla. Perfect level of sweetness. Yummy.

Cherry Chocolate Chip Ice Cream  & Sticky Rice 5/5
WOW. One of the best desserts I have had in a long time, vegan or otherwise. They make this with real black cherries and chunks of dark chocolate. The sticky rice is a must, it's served hot and the ice cream starts melting over it. This one was so good we had to order a second round before we left.

Service here was super friendly and the decor is nice, everything looks very clean.

They currently have a yelp special for 10% off dinner items, check in here and use it.

Easy 5 stars.
Absolutely incredible! Each bite is full of texture and much appreciated flavor!! I would definitely come back. In fact I might go back tomorrow. The ambiance is nice, the waitresses are great and it is worth trying one of every kind!
I stumbled upon this place thanks to a Groupon I purchased last year and it is now my favorite place to eat in Vegas. The crispy "beef" is amazing, really this place may make you double check that you aren't eating meat. (But rest assured, all items are non-meat)
My first trip here they put together fried seaweed for me (because Groupon said they offered it although it wasn't on their menu) and it was delicious! They wouldn't do it again for me when I visited them a second time so, Veggie House, please put fried seaweed on your menu! It was so good!
Highly recommend this place!
Best veggie, vegan organic restaurant ever. I'm so happy i found this place.  Chef Kenny is a food genius and artist. This food is so good, a seasoned foodie wouldn't know it was meat substitutes. The cilantro ginger chicken is amazing!!! I eat here often and haven't had the same thing twice and the menu is expansive enough to keep me coming back for a long time.
Found this place on yelp while we were running errands in their area. Previous reviews mention that it is a 'vegan' restaurant and I want to clarify that since they use eggs, including some of the noodles, it is a vegetarian restaurant, but there is no shortage of options to choose if you so desire a vegan meal. 

We ordered the crispy wanton appetizer, veggie house soup, crispy beef, crispy scallop, and the fried rice with egg. 

The filling in the wonton was sort of a veggie mash that was bland and the wonton wrapper was thick and rather starchy. You definitely needed to dip it in the sweet sauce that accompanied the dish. 

The soup was a mild cabbage broth with celery, bits of carrot, fennel, and tofu cubes. I found myself adding more and more white pepper to season it. I appreciate low sodium in dishes, but it still should be seasoned well to avoid a blah blandness. 

The crispy beef was pretty tasty. You have to eat it right away or the sauce gooeys the crispyness into mush. The crushed peanuts on top added a nice texture. The broccoli that was served along side the dish was just steamed and a bit on the cool side when it reached our table. 

The crispy spicy scallops had a sweet in spicy sauce that had red bell peppers and thinly sliced Persian cucumbers. The scallops were good for me but my partner couldn't get over the chewy texture. They use giant oyster mushroom stems to make the scallops. There was definitely a taste of mushroom. Not the dish for you if you don't like mushrooms. 

The fried rice had raisins, pineapple, peas, egg, veggie ham, and veggie crab. The rice was typical fried rice in flavor with a small note of sweetness from the raisins and pineapple. The veggie ham pieces were so small, you didn't even notice them. The veggie crab had the consistency of little gelatinous snot balls and did nothing for the dish. I picked them out. 

The service was great. Our server was overly happy and constantly smiling and even brought our toddler a free bowl of steamed rice.
 The ice tea is worth noting. They brew it there using red tea leaves. It was crisp and refreshing and we prob had 5 refills. The green tea is not loose leaves but is in a tea bag added to your tea pot. 

I would not go out of my way to come back, but if I was in close proximity, and hungry, and it was lunch time so I could get the $6.50 lunch special, then I'd prob pop in for more of that crispy beef.

So 2 stars for the food and an extra for our friendly server.
AMBIANCE: 5 - Veggie House is located on top of SF supermarket. It is a small space that is very intimate; it reminds me of a calm, zen garden on the inside. There's a fountain of running water and sometimes, the "birds" chirp! It's very calming!!

SERVICE: 5 - Service was extremely good. It's a small space and just right for the servers to be attentive and helpful at all times. It's a very open area, so if you need a server, they can spot you from across the room! Our server was funny, nice, and very helpful!! Her name was Mimi, and she's a gem! 

FOOD: 5 - All of the food, desserts included, were vegan. I was skeptical of this place at first, but now, I believe in vegans!! =P kidding, but the food was bomb!! It was just delicious. Everything that was ordered was hot and tasted almost like it's meat-counterpart. I was very impressed. 

I am not vegan, but I love vegan food, vegetables, soy, etc. It was just delicious. I liked it better than regular Chinese food, it was that good! I do have to say that when I took the food home and ate it, it was not as good. So don't order what you cannot finish!

Local Specific Info: Check for a Groupon, it helps out a lot!! This place is a little on the expensive side if you want to order a lot! The Spicy Crispy Beef is bomb! and desserts are yummy~!! If you don't finish, you can take home your food!
Good chinese vegetarian. Lots of vegan options. Vegan ice cream and brown rice. Chinese Malaysian owned, so some Southeast Asian goodies. Go to place for chinese veggie in lv.
Yum! Yum! Yum! 
I had the spicy beef and an order of the crispy spicy eggplant. Both were Delicious! Service was excellent. Only problem I had which isn't to big of a problem is that when eating leftovers for dinner the texture wasn't as appetizing as it was fresh. Which just means I need to eat all that I order!

Definitely on my go back list!
We have eaten at Chinese Vegetarian restaurants all over the country, with the best being Veggie Delight in Granada Hills, CA; Lucky Creation in SF; and a tie between Zen Palate and VP in NYC. Veggie House is up there with the very very best.
Great service and great fresh food. Truly the best veggie egg-free pad thai I have ever had! It is owned and operated by a very dedicated chef.
Very basic interior design - but the chef hand made a sweet little fountain garden area on one side of the room to add better ambience.

Some of the other reviews may have gone of off nights - that does happen in restaurants - but that was not our personal experience. 
Note, after your meal - you can hit the asian market downstairs and pick up a case of young Thai coconuts!
The Good:  The food.  I've had several different dishes as I've gone here a handful of times.  Each time the food is decent or better than.  The little pond is cute.  The location isn't too inconvenient.

The Not so Good:  Sometimes the servers are a little rough around the edges.  Every time I've come in with my young son, they always say something -- either about him making a mess, or him playing with the chop sticks.  This last time we went, one even went to take away his chopsticks he was entertaining himself with and when I asked her if he could keep them she didn't quite understand?- and then said, "Well, you have to watch him because I don't want him to get hurt."  Uhhhh....?

Overall- I do like this restaurant.  I would recommend it.  However I doubt I'll make it a regular spot of ours.  Also, it is a little bit pricey.
Woah! Fantastic!

A must try for any veggie or Asian food foodies. 

Great hospitality and even better food
The following dishes were exceptional:
-crispy beef 
-Kung pao chicken 
-Chinese broccoli
Brilliant food!!! This restaurant has a vast array of Asian dishes, all of them Vegan, yes you read that correctly vegan!!!
When you try these dishes you will be so amazed by the taste and textures you will be asking the staff there if it isn't actually  chicken, beef, duck or whatever it might be you ordered. But vegans and vegetarians rest assured it is all soy, and so tasty.
Price wise it is very good and the portion sizes are big. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
My new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas is Veggie house. Servers were very friendly. The atmosphere is nice with lots of feng shui. For a Chinese restaurant it's also extremely clean and well maintained. 

For lunch I ordered the Buddhas delight (Jai), "fish" with tofu and vegetables, and spicy tofu (vegan mapo tofu). Lunch is served with soup and choice of brown or white rice.  Vegans can request the special dishes from Chef
Kenny be made without egg. 

The servings during lunch may seems small but they were just right for me.

There is plenty of parking underground and at the same level of the restaurant on the west side of the center. 

I will definitely returning on my next visit to Las Vegas.
This place is incredible. The fake meat is amazing and the flavours are immense. 

Walked into a very clean restaurant and we were greeted by some lovely waitresses. We ordered the fried wontons, spring rolls, general Tso chicken and the orange beef along with brown rice and green tea.

The wontons were delicious. The spring rolls were "the best I've ever had" in the words of my partner. The chicken and beef were perfect and the green tea refreshing and not bitter at all.

We had just enough room for dessert and we had fried banana and mung bean cake with ice cream. Perfect.

Honestly, if we lived here, we'd eat here weekly if not daily.
I officially can see why this is one of the top rated places in Vegas! I was pleasantly surprised to learn EVERYTHING is vegetarian! 

Green Tea: Served slightly too hot. I had to wait for 15 minutes to drink it... But it was flavorful once it cooled. 

Prices: You cant beat those lunch prices! 

Soup: I found the soup needing a little pepper, but it was an awesome broth! 

Entree: I had the General "chicken". I really enjoyed it. I also tried the tofu veggies and they were full of flavor. 

I cant wait to try this place out again for lunch!
We were glad to visit this restaurant.  Although living in Southern California, we seldom go to Las Vegas.  The last time we were in LV, it was 2009 and this restaurant was not here, I believe.

Wow, we like it a lot that we went twice during the 3 days we were in LV.  Dishes were so good.  They have a 'BALANCED' taste.  The sweet is not too sweet, the salty taste is not too salty, and the sour taste is not too sour.  I don't know how to describe it but they taste well balanced.

The sign of good food is that you can't stop eating.  That's how it was with my experience.  Every bite was followed by another bite since I wanted more and more.  We finished all of our lunch order dishes. For us the best one was the Crispy Oyster Mushroom with Lemongrass sauce.  Because of this dish, my husband wanted to go back to the restaurant instead of trying other vegan places in LV.  I did try bravely to have the seaweed stems.  Surprisingly, they were good.  The Crispy Eggplants and Crispy Beef dishes were also delicious but we prefer the Crispy Oyster Mushrooms dish.

The price was also so reasonable for lunch specials.  The service was attentive and friendly.  I wish that I can try more dishes before we left but we only have one stomach and only a few chances to dine here.

We will come back to this place again when we have a chance in the future.  I hope that this place will continue and be successful.
I loved this place.

The service was amazing for casual dining. The ladies all helped us, were constantly smiling, and always checked up on us. They refilled drinks promptly, they took requests for sharing plates and napkins quickly. It truly was a great first experience.

I've heard great things about "fake meat". I've heard that their are delicious fried chicken sandwiches at Veggie places that rival the real thing.

I willingly tried out veggie house for lunch with two friends.

They have a large menu of vegan and vegetarian dishes. Many of them feature tofu, veggies, and "fake meat". Sorry I can't figure out a better sounding phrase.

Anyways their lunch special comes with soup, brown or white rice, and an entree. I don't remember the price but the lunch portions of the items were big! I want to say it was $7-$8 for their lunch special.

Between the here of us we had beef and broccoli, Kung pao beef, and their famous crispy beef.

All of the entrees were served with their traditional veggies. Like the Kung pao had water chestnuts, onions, ect,

The veggies on my beef and broccoli were a large portion. All of their ingredients are fresh. 

And let me get to the meat. Upon first bite it truly is a great substitute to meat. It really does taste relatively close to the real thing. They have the texture right. All of the dishes had the same traditional flavors you'd expect. The crispy beef was the least like beef IMO since it is fried it tasted more like fried batter. It was still tasty. Their brown rice was cooked perfectly. The soup had a very mild flavor. It was like a veggie broth.

Last we had a vegan pumpkin cheesecake. It was a good ending to the meal. It was light, sweet, and pumpkiny. I still prefer regular cheesecake.

Am I a convert? No. It did make me rethink all the salt and meat I eat. Will I come back here and was the food good? Yes! 

This is a five star restaurant. Good service, good food quality, unique, good prices, clean.
Went here on a groupon. Wasn't aware of the fake meat/fish meals. We ordered the corn soup, pan fried noodles and spicy fried scallops. Soup was delish but hubster didnt like the  "chicken" in it. Pan fried noodles was excellent but didnt like the look or texture of the fake shrimp.  Scallop dish was ok but im not a fan of the chewy "scallops". I actually thought it was gonna be real scallops.(derrr, I know) I much prefer to only eat all vegetables as opposed to fake meat or seafood and vegetables. Overall was good and prolly will go back for veggie only meals. Waitress was very friendly.
Choose this place off urbanspoon. Had lunch here with a girlfriend... we were catchibg up as we hadn't as een each other in months. The waitress seem annoyed with how long it took  us to order. Fron the tine we sat down  it felt as if she was pushing us to order and be out the door as quickly as possible.  The restaurant has great Vegan options (meatlees meat included) and are extremely reasonable with their pricing.  Good for quick take out.
I dig faux vegetarian meats and Veggie House exceeded all my expectations.  My buddy reluctantly agreed to meet here for dinner since I am pretending to be vegetarian for the month.  It's a good thing we got here a little before 6pm on a Tuesday because every table was taken in 30 minutes with even more people waiting to be seated.  I can't think of another 2nd floor plaza restaurant doing business this brisk except for Ichiza.  Good for them!

General Tso's (or Tzo or Tsao or Zao or whateverthefuck) chicken was as close as you could get to the real deal and the unanimous favorite dish.  We annihilated it.  We also got the Mongolian beef which was gluten/tofu heaven and the spicy, crispy eggplant was deeeeeelightful.  

I also had the honor of esteemed Yelper, Tony T, stopping by to say hello.  He said he preferred the seafood dishes over the others.  That kind of surprised me for some reason but I will definitely go for some of those next time.  How does one make vegetarian scallop in the first place?

This is Chinese vegetarian heaven!  They even do ramen for chrissakes!
Love this place! Food is great, friendly service, and interesting atmosphere. It would be easy to believe you could get take out from here and feed it to a meat eater and they would never know that nothing here has actual meat in it!
After two visits, I determined that I have enough data to write a review for this place so here it is. The key thing about eating here is that one must know what to order. Otherwise, it'll be a bust. My first visit was fabulous. I ordered the bean curd with bamboo flowers and vegetables and also got to sampled the lemongrass and mushrooms dish. They were both excellent!

On my second visit, I asked for the hot and spicy Szechuan tofu. Personally I don't like non-fried tofu so I made sure to ask if the tofu in this dish is fried. There's definitely a language barrier between me and the server as she nodded her head and said yes to my question. When the dish arrived, it was a mass of white and mushy tofu cubes in a brown sauce. Clearly the tofu was cooked, not fried. After I clarified that I wanted it fried, the dish turned out okay. There wasn't any vegetables in this dish, just tofu in a sauce. Hence, this dish was as boring as it can be. Pass.

My friends all enjoyed their food. One ordered the beef and broccoli and the other ordered the lemon chicken. We're probably coming back to try other items.
Located on the upper level of a large strip mall complex on the edge of Vegas' Chinatown sits Veggie House, a completely vegan, Chinese dining experience. Amazing food, reasonable prices, friendly waitstaff, and healthy portions. We ordered the spring rolls, fried wontons, and lettuce cup appetizer. Main dishes included orange chicken, beef with snow peas, walnut shrimp, and pineapple duck.
Yummy! Now let me clarify... I am about are carnivorous as they come. It's not that I don't like vegetables. I just think they are more delicious along a big juicy slab if meat. My close friend, however, is vegan. So  we went one day after getting reflexology since we were in the area.  Delish! Now will I go so far to say that I actually thought I was eating meat? Absolutely not! However everything was prepared and seasoned properly that it satisfied that savory sensation. I will DEFINATELY go back when I am in the area again. Oh... And make sure you save room for dessert. Great Vegan ice cream too!
I ordered the Mongolian beef and the crispy scallops special. The food looked great, but it was mildly bland. The meat could easily be tasted and perceived as soy. Overall, the taste was okay, but it isn't exactly delectable. The atmosphere was pretty good, with lots of activity, while still remaining pretty quiet.
I bring non-vegetarian friends there on an almost regular basis, and they're amazed every time. More than one have said that the orange/general tsao chicken tastes better than the real thing. 
Completely impressed that they pulled off just about every Chinese dish to be vegan AND delicious. Blows my mind. 
A lot of their food is fried for texture, but often it's hard to tell since they do it so well. Not the healthiest, but definitely hits the spot when you're craving a big, hot meal. Affordable, too.
Love love love this place!
Wow, what a great place for Vegans.  Full menu available.  Any asian dish yoy can think of Vegan style.  Had sizzling "Beef" and veggies.  Was perfect!! My wife and I shared it cuz it was lunchtime.  That and an appetizer was enough.   Servers were very friendly.  Cool atmosphere including water fall.  Used groupon 10$ for $20.  Server took it ahead if time which was convenient.  Cant wait to go back and try the Chef's, who was present in dining room, other items.
The Veggie House is one of my favorite restaurants in  las vegas. For a clean healthy meal there is no equal to  the wonderful dishes that Chef Kenny creates. The very friendly wait  staff and the meals have never failed. 
The Roti with Chicken curry is outstanding.
Coming from someone who is not Vegan or Vegetarian, i cannot say enough about this place. Food is excellent and service just as good. Had Orange Crispy "Beef" and Kung Poa "Chicken". Both were tasty with great texture and portion size.
Veggiehouse!! I love this place..ive been coming here for the past 2 yrs, amd the customer service is amazing! ALL of the waitresses are sweet as can be and although theres a bit of a language gap theyre amazing!!! Theyre knowledgable of the menu and always suggest new things to try that never dissapoint. This place is amazingggg and defntly one of my fav vegan places in Vegas! Good job guys keep up the great work!
Food was very flavorful but I'm just not the type who can eat faux meat regularly... I had the crispy beef and my sis had the shrimp. Funniest thing she thought she was ordering real shrimp and when she tried it she still couldn't tell the difference until she had a few more bites. So I guess that's a good thing. Good place overall
So, a vegan restaurant that tries to make its dishes taste like the animal that it's replacing. More on that later. 
The owner is a charming and gracious woman. And the dish- I had oyster mushroom and lemongrass sauce- was tasty. My friend, a confirmed meat-man, liked the soup and the spring rolls very much. The fried oyster mushroom had that juicy interior that all fried foods should have, but don't. A big plus. My guess is that most people would find the Veggie House surprisingly good. However...the sodium and fat that is added in order to accomplish the transformation of vegey  into meat taste is, for me anyway, overpowering. Again, I think most will find the Veggie House surprisingly delicious for vegetarian cuisine.
I was invited to eat at VH by a dear friend and I am glad we were able to meet up and she helped explain some of the menu items. We shared the spicy beef and crispy eggplant dishes. We also had the roti with curry sauce. I was not a fan of the beef plate, it was very hard, crunchy and dry. The eggplant flavor was better, but the texture still seemed dry and overcooked. I was shocked by the lack of vegetables, a few florets of broccoli and no other vegetables. The place is quaint and the service was great, but I just didn't enjoy the food enough to want to spend 15$ per plate to return.
My carnivorous cousin felt fulfilled and satisfied ... He may very well convert. He can't stop raving about this place!  I have a newfound appreciation for Chinese cuisine myself. Highly recommended!
Been here twice now, once dine in and once take out.  First time we dined in we ordered veggie dumplings, veggie spicy crispy beef, scallop pan fried noodle and Thai Tom Yum soup.  Everything was awesome!  I liked my pan fried noodles more than his crispy beef but it was still so good.  We also ordered Vegan ice cream desserts which ended our meals with full bellies and not as much guilt.  Our servers were great also, she was recommending things and talking to us about being vegan.  She was telling us how she was Vegan 80% but has a small piece if fish every once in a while.  I'm currently in the same boat where I'm slowly going vegan but have meat/dairy once in a while.  They made us feel very comfortable and constantly checked up on us/ cleared out empty plates throughout our meal.  When we returned and ordered take out, at least 3 servers came up to us to ask us if anyone has already helped us, even Chef came out to take a look outside and mentioned to us how great the weather was today.  Food was prepared and brought out to us quick and thanked us for coming by.  Our take out lunch specials were General Tzo chicken and the curry/potato chicken.  Again, I liked my general chicken better than his curry but again, both were good.  *they have a Groupons available every once in a while so be on the lookout for those.
A lot of my go-to restaurants (Sushi Factory rip) have withered up with the economy. 

This is now my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. 

While the orange chicken is literally the best thing ever, I find myself having a hard time trying all the menu items because I am DEVOTED to the won-ton soup.

It is a family sized bowl and I just act like it's an entree. I also really enjoy the bbq veggie meat from the apps list. It looks like that red bbq pork. 

It also delighted my meat-eating family members who are normally not so receptive to veg food. If you brought it to a potluck nobody would suspect it wasn't 'real'
The food was really good and so was our waitress! We had the orange chicken and chow mien!
Please never leave us! The last restaurant that took root here fluttered away and somehow made space for a truly awesome veggie house. Since I love bullet points, let's make some!

1) This place feels like home. So you probably wouldn't want to walk around barefoot or apply the 5 second rule to that fallen gummy bear, but the waitress could have been my momma in another life. She was so caring, so helpful, and completely satisfies the "house" portion of the name "veggie house".

2) I love my meats, but I their beef and scallop dishes can almost deceive you into thinking that you're actually eating meat! Texture-wise, not so much. Flavor-wise, yes yes yes! Dead on precision. Love it!

3) Price point is aight- a bit more than $10 a plate for dinner. We snatched up a groupon. You might want to put some feelers out there if you want to knock some bucks off your bill.

Enjoy this wonderland, my wonderful veggie lovers!
This place truly deserves 5 stars. I've never been to a restaurant with so many vegan options and the food is amazing! I went with my meat- eater friend and she loved it too. Also the service was above average and the restaurant itself was nice, clean, not crowded, smelled good and had nice music playing. Overall it was a great experience. I'll be back.
Yum!!!! Went here last night after finding a groupon and seeing all the great reviews on yelp. So good!! We ordered the crispy spicy eggplant, orange "chicken" and hot and sour soup. Everything was amazing and the crispy spicy eggplant is a must have! Service was excellent and food came out quickly. We will be making this a regular place for us.
GO HEREEEE. Do itttttt.

I was worried about this place at first, because there were SO many options and I couldn't believe they were all vegetarian! I saw crispy beef and pork and scallops and my head almost exploded. I bought the Crispy Noodle Fried Scallops and they are to die for. I couldn't handle it. I was in heaven. 

My boyfriend eats meat but got the honey walnut shrimp. I think he was expecting it to taste like the stuff from Panda Express but the sauce was a little different and he wasn't a fan. More for me, I was so happy.

The second time we went, he ordered the orange crispy beef and I ordered the crispy scallops again. I was just as happy as the first time but ended up eating all of my boyfriend's food again. That crispy beef reminds me of jerky, but less chewy. Crispy, thin, and DELICIOUS.

It still astounds me how they can offer so many vegetarian options, all that actually sound appealing. I went to the market underneath them (as they are upstairs) and they actually do sell vegetarian meat substitutes in there. I can't make it as good as the people at the Veggie House, so I will definitely continue to come back. 

Also, the servers are always so sweet!!
This place truly deserves 5 stars. I'm not saying this because my good friend's uncle is the chef, but because it REALLY REALLY deserves a high rating. He is so passionate about his food and cooking and you can tell. I am not a vegetarian or vegan but I didn't miss the meat at all! Everything we got was so flavorful and so tasty. We got the crispy beef, walnut shrimp, salt and pepper tofu, and crispy oyster mushroom (my fav!). I wish we lived closer to this place but I think every time we come to Vegas, we will stop by here. I truly recommend checking it out and trying something different.
Let me start off by calling this Vegetarian/Vegan paradise! I went on a Friday evening with friends and started with an order of fried wontons and they were delicious! Just the right amount of crisp and not greasy. The inside of the wontons had a creamy consistency and the dipping sauce was great!

For the main dish, I ordered Spicy Veggie Crispy Beef. My first thought when the server brought it out is how much it looked like real meat! This is the perfect dish if you like spicy, crispy foods. I do not care for white rice, so the brown rice that came with the dish worked well. The best , yet unexpected part of the dish were the nuts on top! This sealed the deal and I am definitely a crispy beef believer now. 

Even though this restaurant is out of the way for me, I will definitely be back!
In LOVE with this place! Everything is so good it's seriously veg heaven. Don't skip dessert if you come here!
I really like this restaurant, but I like some of the "faux meats" more than others. The beef didn't do it for me, but I love the taste and texture of the "fish". My favorite things I have tried are the fried oyster mushrooms with lemongrass sauce, and the tamarind seafood curry. There is usually some kind of groupon deal, so check that before heading over.
A M A Z I N G!!

I ordered the spicy orange beef and I'm still in shock that what I was eating was completely vegan! I definitely recommend this restaurant! They offer a variety of plates and also have a separate menu for deserts! I WILL be back!
I know this review will mainly appeal to vegetarians but don't ignore it all you non-vegetarians!  Consider a veg restaurant part of your adventurous Yelp eating!  Is fake chicken really that different from cow guts?  Well yes, but..... what I'm saying is: don't be afraid to try it!

Chinatown isn't exactly the easiest place for vegetarians to visit - a menu can be daunting enough as it is, but then to throw in the question "is there any (chicken stock/fish sauce/bonito flakes/meat bits) in this dish?" and be prepared to blow some minds, including your own.  I don't enjoy blowing minds so sadly I don't visit many places in Chinatown.

But hey!  Don't fret, vegetable lovers!  Veggie House is awesome and will fill your Asian-food cravings.  They have a huge menu which always throws me for a loop (I'm not used to so many choices!) and everything they offer is vegan.

The first time I visited Veggie House, I made the mistake of trying to be healthy and ordered an all-veggie stir fry dish.  It wasn't bad, but I've come to find out that they specialize in fake meats.  Now, I've been a vegetarian for over six years so I'm not the best person to ask on how much the fake meats taste like the real deal but I'm going to go ahead and guess "not very."  I also want to say that I don't care because I find the food here delicious.

Things I've had that are really great: General Tso's chicken, crispy beef, orange beef, sizzling chicken (think an Asian version of fajitas), and curry roti.

Things I've had that are skippable: vegetable soup, spring rolls, the happy sushi roll (way too much of a fishy taste for me, but my husband liked it).

Service is friendly and the restaurant is clean and large.  My only complaint is that I wish the items were a dollar or two cheaper so that I could feel better about ordering a third item to share with my husband instead of the usual two (yes, I'm a pig).  But fake meats can be pricey so I understand.

A restaurant that has an entire menu I can order from!  Take that, Chinatown!
I want to live at Veggie House. Seriously,  how does Chef Kenny do it? Lettuce wraps? Bomb. Giant bowl of miso soup? Delectable. Mongolian beef? The ish! And it's all meatless.  We ate soooo much but at the end of the meal we didn't have that dreaded feeling of "the itis" since everything is on the healthier side. Everything was served so quickly,  if you're in a rush then this spot is for you. Also if you like crazy delicious food that won't leave you feeling guilty then this place is also for you. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's vegan and vegetarian,  the food is as good as, if not better than its meat filled counterparts.  I'm mad that I'm not eating there right now. Chef Kenny, I heart your face and your food. Don't be scared when you see a face in the window at night, that's just me waiting for you to open.
My family and I are temp vegetarians, I say temp because its only during the lent season of our faith.  During this time it is quite hard to find restaurants that a full vegetarian menu.  We tried the Veggie House and let me tell you it was amazing.  The food portions are big enough for two and three.  We had the house lomein, the eggplant with tofu, the spinach salad, and hot and sour soup.  The salad was very good. The lomein had the fake chicken, and fake shrimp with vegetables.   To be honest I couldn't tell very much that it was an imitation. My daughter loves Shrimp and she loved the "fake" shrimp. My  husband loved the eggplant.  The hot and sour soup was okay. We are very particular about our hot and sour soup.  But overall we love it.  We'll be going back again very soon.
Service was great! Our server was super friendly and recommended some items that she liked. 

For appetizers we ordered Spring rolls and the Roti dish. The spring rolls were tiny but perfect!!! Comes with a sweet and sour sauce. They are crispy and tasty. The Roti was my favorite! I could have eaten 4 orders! The sauce is a coconut curry-ish flavor and the bread comes out warm...mmmm so good!!

We also ordered the braised tofu and veggies, ok....exactly what you would expect. We also had the generals chicken and chow fun noodles both were really good. You wouldn't even know it wasn't actual meat. 36$ for 3 of us (without tip).

Will be back to try more!!
Best vegetarian food in Las Vegas.  Faux meat and fish are the bomb.  Gracious service and creative Asian dishes.  Sizzling plates are my favorite but you can't go wrong w/the scallops,  kung pao or appetizers.  No animal protein allowed.
I can not wait to come back to this place my favorites were the crispy beef, orange beef and pumpkin cheesecake, but everything was super yummy!
Great food, great value and great service. Staff was very pleasant and accommodating, and, spoke great English! Large menu - maybe could even be a bit smaller. Clean and inviting place.
We ordered the lotus root. I have never tasted lotus root prior to this place, and I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised. It was delicious! They have an extensive dessert menu with many choices of vegan ice cream. I ordered a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of cherry chocolate chip and could have died it was so delicious. I love that the entire menue was vegan. Waitress said, "the only time egg is available Is when the asians request it in their soup, otherwise we do not offer it at all."
Okay, I never thought I would love a vegan restaurant as much as a steakhouse but my goodness...this place is amazing! I would highly recommend their ginger chicken and spicy crispy eggplant. Let me repeat, spicy crispy eggplant. Oh my!!! 

The honey walnut shrimp was also delicious. 

I wasn't a huge fan of the beef broccoli. The texture of the "beef" was spongey and just reminded me that it's not real meat.

Service here is very good--the waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable. 

I would definitely come here again.
The crispy beef is definitely my go to order every time I go to the Veggie House, and now I have found their dessert menu, which is 4-5 pages long. We sampled the sticky rice with avocado ice cream, pumpkin cheesecake and the banana pancakes and all three were out of this world. If you only get to choose one, go with the banana pancakes. 
I cannot wait to go back and try new dishes. Chef Kenny never disappoints!
Hard to believe there's no meat in these dishes. Had the roti as an appetizer it was my favorite amongst everything we ordered! We also had the general Zhao n crispy beef, we practically finished general Zhao n packed the remainder of the crispy beef. The crispy beef tasted even better the next day!
Love this place, great healthy Vegetarian Chinese second to none. A must have while in Vegas with great service, food and over all well being.
Best vegan food ever!!! I'm a regular here and chef Kenny has yet to disappoint. I recommend the General Szo chicken, crispy spicy eggplant, crispy spicy beef, and the bun rolls. 
As for dessert, the pumpkin cheesecake is amazing and so is the ice cream! If you haven't been here, you NEED to go.
An oasis in a vegetarian food desert!  The location is a little tough to find (2nd floor, corner, in a strip mall), but upon arriving your are greeted by an amusing sign forbidding you to bring any meat into the restaurant (no BYO meat!  lol).   The menu has a lot of options (which are played on 2 TV screens as you wait  *drool*).   Having read the Yelp reviews we decided to go with a bunch of items including some of the favorites:  Roti, Lettuce Wraps, and Crispy Spicy Eggplant.  The Eggplant dish was tasty but you definitely want a larger group to take down this platter.. nice and crispy, but obviously very fried.. good flavor.. and probably at least an entire eggplant.   The Roti and Lettuce Wraps were two of the favorite dishes.  The entrees came with tasty brown rice.  We opted to avoid the "fake meat" style dishes and went more with the vegetables/tofu/fried rice/noodles-type dishes.  Dessert was decent - vegan ice cream was tasty, but a tad icy and the fried root was only good as an ornament in my opinion.  vegan cheesecake was pretty yummy.  

When we arrived there were ~5 other tables... not bad for Weds at 7:00, but not busy.  However once our food came out (remarkably quickly!) the business started to pick up!  When we left most of the restaurant was impressively filled.  

Overall a good experience, quick service, tasty food.  The owner was very friendly and came by our table a couple times to chat.  We also saw him cleaning off tables and helping the staff (very respectable).  Would go again!
It was OK, but my family gave me a lot of hard time picking this one for dinner.  I went to this restaurant because I read Yelp reviews that said it was overall good.  Many of the businesses pay to get rid of bad reviews.  This may be one of them.  The service is good. The food is OK also, but it is no way near the good quality food I had years ago at a similar restaurants.  BBQ pork is great.  The spicy fried eggplant was not. We ordered a crab and shark fin soup, a combination cold dish of 3 items, a fried lotus root cake, a crispy spicy beef, and a fried spicy eggplant dish. The three of us could finish neither the crispy spicy beef, nor the fried spicy eggplant because they tasted very similar. The beef was just fried some thin material, not very good.  
I will be very careful in trusting Yelp review in the future.
(We were a mixed party of two veggies and one omni)
     Service was friendly, with Chef Ken stopping periodically at tables to check on the customers. Very polite and cheerful staff. 
     The atmosphere inside the restaurant was pleasant with a small waterfall and some little electronic chirping birds (which, upon first hearing, led me to believe some real birds got stuck inside. But no worries they're not real ;). 
     We ordered: crispy eggplant, walnut shrimp, general tzo chicken, and spicy fried beef as well as their hot-and-sour soup. 
     Each dish was delicious although I wouldn't recommend ordering the eggplant and beef together due to their seasoning similarities. Soup had a little too much thickener, but was still tasty. 
     I did not order the Thai iced tea, but sampled some from my party. It was tasty as well. 
     I would definitely recommend the place for vegetarians as well as curious carnivores. 
      With our order we had to box quite a bit, entree portions were larger and I would have  dropped maybe 2. 
     One thing though, be prepared for a small strip mall parking lot and a dirty elevator.
Happily surprised by this Groupon find! Not that Chinatown has many bad spots. Regardless, this is a place I otherwise would not have known about let alone gone to, had it not come up on my favorite green website.

After extensively perusing reviews here and the menu online, I finally went in to order my takeout- wonton ramen soup, spicy crispy eggplant with brown rice, and green tea ice cream with sticky rice.

The spicy crispy eggplant is out of this world. It's amazing, and I'd come back just for this dish- side of brown rice wasn't even necessary. Delicious way to have eggplant, and despite being a sticky and almost sweet sauce it did not feel like a heavy meal. 

The won ton soup was a bit underwhelming. I did appreciate how the noodles were packed separately for my takeout order so as not to fall apart in the broth, and I liked the won tons themselves. But the broth was lacking. I liked the green taste to it, and it oddly reminded me of a green smoothie, except in broth form. As in, you could taste the veggie vibrancy. But it was still somehow flat. Noodles were also much thinner than I prefer, and seemed to simply be thin spaghetti rather than ramen.

The dessert was underwhelming as well. The green tea ice cream melted very quickly and was also lacking in flavor- I've experienced varieties with more of a chalky texture but stronger machta taste, but this version was on the thin side rather than creamy. Also struck me as odd that the sticy rice was orange.
Chef Kenny is so amazing. EVERYONE I've taken to Veggie House, whether they are Vegetarian, Vegan or not at all LOVE Veggie House! Friendly and well priced you just HAVE to check this place out!
Been here about five times and have never been dissappointed. Gotta big up the homie Tien N. for recommending the Spicy Beef.. so money. I usually get the honey walnut shrimp but is usually one of the those things you just gotta eat there or shortly after because after that the flavor and even moreso the texture of the faux shrimp becomes more prevalent. Asian style decor and ambiance is cozy with faux fountain and birds to go with your faux meat to boot! 

Service is typically on point and welcoming. Probably my only gripe is the prices of the joint as I was spoiled with the numerous, tasty but cheap ones back home in the Bay Area. Veggie House knows that they're probably the best at their job in doing the Chinese faux meat thing here in Vegas so I reckon they feel they can command the prices they do. All in all I recommend this place for those looking to give their digestive tract a bit of a break, veggie lovers and those skeptical of the wonders of faux meat/texturized soy protein. Come with an open mind and don't knock it till you've tried it then realize you just reduced that carbon footprint of yours.
This is the best place my family ate at while on vacation in Las Vegas. We ordered about 5-6 dishes to share, and they were all good!  Their fake meat is very good. As a vegetarian I have tried a lot of faux meat products and they are no where near as good in quality as what I experienced at Veggie house. My favorite dish was the orange "chicken" and the soft tofu. Everything we ordered tasted good, although my least favorite was the curry dish which was a bit lacking in flavor compared to the explosion of flavors in the other dishes we ordered. The crispy spicy eggplant was very good too. 

My family was very happy with this meal, especially my father who has been lactose intolerant his whole life. He got to try "cheesecake"  for the first time in his life at age 60. He loved it so much,  and we also ordered the vegan green tea ice cream with sweet sticky rice at the bottom for dessert which he liked as well. 

It was a great break from all the overpriced and crappy service restaurants that they offer on the strip. Excellent service,  excellent food, I would love to go there again.
Braised tofu with bok choy... my favorite. Their vegan ice cream is yummy too (except the green tea...I didn't care for that one).
I have been there at least eight times now.  Excellent food...
I'm a new vegetarian and love love love this place!! It's perfect for vegans as well. I liked it because the first time I went I was transitioning and felt like I was cheating but we wernt!  You have go get the general T's chicken.  It's probably the best thing that will happen to u. We also got the spring rolls, roti app (OMG bomb!) Pad thai, tofu dishes,and much more. So so so gooood!!!!!!!!
I originally came across Veggie House on Groupon and I decided to give it a try based on the reviews on Yelp. I'm so glad that I did! This place is tucked away in Chinatown and I never would have come across it had it not been for Groupon, so I'm very thankful haha. The food here is really great, the service is fast and the entire staff is incredibly friendly and nice. The first time I ever went here the menu was a bit overwhelming and I didn't know what to choose but one of the servers was very open to make recommendations and I finally went with the Crispy Spicy Eggplant. This dish is a must try and I highly recommend it! I've dined here about 10 times and each time I try to get something different but I tend to always gravitate back to the CS Eggplant. As a vegan, this place was a god-send as it's not easy to find somewhere that has a variety of vegan dishes to choose from, and delicious ones at that. I've also brought my family here a few times and even though they are meat-eaters they still really enjoyed this place. Something else that I love about Veggie House is the portion size of all of their dishes. They really do give you a great sized portion that will fill you up and you may even have leftovers (if you can manage to get yourself to stop eating their delicious food, which is unlikely). Each time I'm in Vegas I have to go to Veggie House at least a couple times during my visit. I can't wait to be back in town this summer so I can go to one of my favorite restaurants and get my Crispy Spicy Eggplant fix.
I really like the food here,tastes great,but I think the price a bit higher than average.
The crispy beef was simply amazing. I'm going to be a regular here despite the long drive... ranks in the top 10 meals I've eaten in Las Vegas in the last 4.5 years! Delicious, and guilt free!
I'm on Atkins diet, and the Shark Fin soup is AWESOME. For a meat lover, i don't mind giving them 5 stars. Clean, fast sevice.
I absolutely loved this place. It's Chinese cuisine and the menu was extensive and everything was vegetarian. The best thing about it is, I didn't even know I was eating vegetarian food. What an amazing savory yet healthy option. The staff was very interactive and hands on. This venue is perfect for lunch!
Delicious crispy beef and Curry chicken. There are so many options. I moved from San Diego where there were lots of veggie options. I haven't found as many here in Vegas but Veggie house is a great find :)
A must for all, not just vegetarians. The whole menu is vegetarian, but meat eaters will enjoy the eclectic menu just the same. Great variety, good prices, clean, and very friendly staff. Can't wait to go back.
I tried dinner this time and it just wasn't that great. I think this venue is much suited for lunch.
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. They have so many options for me it is FANTASTIC. They people who run it are always awesome. I wish that they would open one up closer to me. They give you plenty of vegetables and tofu or substitute meat. 

I already want more.
Few must-eat items here:
General Tsao's chicken
Crispy spicy eggplant
KJ Fish
Beef noodle soup

Love them!!
This place is amazing.  The food is wonderful, after you finally choose something off the expansive menu.  Everything looks and tastes wonderful, and it's all vegan.  Chef Kenny even came out and sat with us to chat.  The service was impeccable, and our waitress made an excellent suggestion, an eggplant dish, and I was in heaven.  My husband had sesame veggie chicken, and we couldn't decide which tasted better.  We might head over there one more time before leaving Vegas, even though there are hundreds of places to eat here that are closer. We think it's worth the drive.
Amazing tasty food, all vegan,  great prices, lovely ambiance, and exceptional service.  Couldn't ask for more, but I did ask the chef if he would open one in Tucson!
Very very good. We went 2x and everything was great. Even not vegan or vegitarian will like the food. I see many main dishes recomended. So I suggest the cheese cake. House lomein was our main course. Also great. While we when eating chef brought samples of the Cajon fish which my wife said that she will order next time we come here.
Read a blog before visiting Las Vegas about vegan food options.  So we decided to try Veggie House.  My husband ordered the Kung Pao chicken and I ordered spring rolls and Lemon Chicken.  The kung Pao chicken was one of the best vegan version my husband had ever tasted.  I agreed with him.  Now the bad stuff.  The spring rolls were small and cut into two to make it look like four pieces but they were small and not as flavorful as others I have had.  They served them with sweet and sour but no spicy mustard sauce :(  My presentation of my Lemon Chicken had my mouth salivating.  Unfortunately that is where my dining experience went further down hill.  The chicken lacked flavor and was rubbery.  I thought about sending it back and ordering something else.  I can not explain why I didn't.  Not sure if I want a repeat visit in the future.
My In laws are vegetarian and I always feel so guilty when we go out because they have such a limited option of things they can eat. I heard about this place from a friend and I am so glad I went there.

Must try items:
General chicken
Eggplant and tofu 
Fried eggplant
What a diamond in the rough!  One of my good friends took me here for lunch and it was fantastic.  As a 15 year vegetarian I couldn't believe this place had gone unnoticed by me for so long.  Their entire menu is made up of creative vegan items and traditional Asian dishes.  I love hot and sour soup and is one thing I've missed since converting.  I ordered that and I was not disappointed.  The crispy eggplant and lotus root were also delicious.  Great place to eat whether your're vegan or not.  You could probably even trick some of your meat eating friends if your covert enough.
ahhh man....I was so excited after reading the reviews that I think my expectations were too high. I am from an area in southern California that has a lot of vegan options so I have had really fantastic vegan food. Plus I personally make 3 meals a day for my family so I used to eating clean healthy food. I was very disappointed with my experience here. When I walked in I was greeted and seated immediately. It was a typical Vegas hot day so I was super thirsty. After being seated we didn't even get water till at least 10min after being seated. The waitress and chef were so interested in schmoozing with customers they knew rather than being attentive to new customers. After stressing that I REALLY would like some water my waitress brought a full pitcher of water to what I thought was going to be my table but instead filled the glasses of the table next to me! really?!

In addition to no meat or diary my family also avoids oil. So I told the waitress to have my meal made w little oil as possible. One dish came back un-edible. The reason I didn't give a one star rating was because the chef immediately scooped that dish off our table and had them make us another dish. The second dish was good except why all the sauce? It was more like a soup dish than a noodle dish. My recommendation would be to ask for ALL sauces on the side. They completely saturate their dishes in sauce and its like eating soup. too bad.... I will not go back here nor would I recommend it unless you are ok with fried, oily, sauce saturated meals. 

It was also a turn off to see the chef pull up a chair and sit with customers bragging about himself. If you are a regular and you know the chef then you are definitely treated more special. If you are not  or are from out of town prepare to get the stink eye and treated like an annoyance.
We love veggie house! I have now visited this place at least 5 times and they have never failed. Some dishes in my opinion, are better than others, but I think the trick is figuring out what you like. Veggie house is a very cute restaurant with a small pond, gazebo, and twinkle lights all in one place. The servers are always very sweet and have not trouble understanding English. They are also patient when my friends and I roll in with 5-7 children as well as accomodating to their needs (forks, smaller water cups, removal of hot tea glasses, etc). Now, let's get to the good stuff.

The spicy crispy eggplant is seriously as good as everyone says. They're like slightly more fiberous (and nutritionally rich) variation of french fries tossed in a sweet and spicy sauce. They are crispy and the flavors are out of this world. We get this every time, but I recommend that this is not ordered to go as they will obviously lose their crisp texture. We get this as an appetizer because everyone just grabs heaping loads onto their plate and is a fantastic appetite-teaser. Their roti with chicken curry is also amazing! We tried it for the first time two days ago and had to put in a second order because the kids couldn't get enough. Even though I make roti (the frozen variation) at home, it had nothing on the light and puffed up roti that was served with that perfect curry. 

My favorite entree is probably the eggplant with tofu because it has thai basil in it! I love basil, so I am unfairly biased to any dish that has basil in it, but this dish is fantastic. The tofu in it is somehow better than in other dishes. A definite winner. Another awesome dish is the braised tofu with veggies because of the HUGE assortment of veggies that come with it. Everything from bok choy, to snap peas, to mushrooms can all be found alongside the braised tofu. My kids of course love the chow fun because what kid doesn't love noodles? The texture and the abundance of veggies is what I dream of from other restaurants. 

While I do cook with a lot of "fake meat" at home, I am not a fan of some of the fake meat items from here. Even my husband, who loves his animal products suggests that we go sans-fake-meat because he prefers the vegetable dishes here. The texture of some of the chicken (orange chicken, simmering beef plate) dishes are very strange. They're made from a chinese vegetable with a lot of different layers and are kind of tough and chewy compared to real chicken, but the chicken inside the curry chicken was nothing like this. I don't know how they determine which type of "fake meat" to use for which dish, but I say try them all and see what you like. 

Lastly, they have vegan ice cream here and the cherry chocolate chip is on point!! My friends ordered the cherry chip while I got the green tea, and I was envious after I tried theirs that I was stuck with the green tea. Don't pass up the vegan ice cream, or the 10% Yelp check-in offer that they're currently offering. Come one come all for those that are looking to add a little extra veggies to their diet. I promise they'll come in a tasty way.
Food: It's hard to believe everything in this restaurant is vegan! I got the orange chicken and my boyfriend got the crispy beef. I found myself eating off both plates. Servings are large enough to share, so I could see myself bringing family and friends here. The only thing I wish was that more vegetables were on my plate. The orange chicken came with slices of mandarins which was complemented the faux meat but apart from chicken and rice, I didn't really have a balanced meal of proteins, carbs, and vegetables. (Some might not care, but when I go out to eat, I like to have as much of a balanced meal as possible.) I'm sure I could've ordered a vegetable dish, but that's just me being nit-picky. Anyway, the food was amazing. My boyfriend is a picky eater and even he scraped up the last of his dish. The orange chicken has a complexity that finishes delightfully and not like that vinegar-y overpowering stuff they have at other chain restaurants.

Atmosphere: Is kitschy charming. There's a faux gazebo and garden awnings on top of booths. There's also a bird's nest that chirps every once in a while. That was funny to try and figure out. 

Service: Two women checked on us at the appropriate times. I asked for chili sauce to go with my meal and they obliged no problem. 

Overall, I'm glad Las Vegas has a good vegetarian option that's meat-eater/picky-eater friendly. I'm excited to go back and try every single one of their dishes.
food is amazing ! chef kenny is the best, and so is the staff i eat here weekly chef kenny is like family !
I love this place!! It's by far one of my favorite little gems in Vegas. When ever I want quality vegan Asian food this is my go to!!!  Chef Kenny is a wonderfully skillful vegan chef. If you dine in and you're lucky you will get to talk to this pleasant gentleman. I recommend the veggie beef roll or the wontons for appetizer and  The Gen. Tzaos  chicken or the crispy spicy beef is the perfect dinner entrée. Im a huge nut over small veggie places. 5 stars for sure!!!!!
Delicious! Just got the General Tsos chicken, brown rice, House chow mein and hot tea. Great meal and a nice break from the Vegas strip food. Not too far from strip if you have a car.
Amazing vegan lunch. General Tzo's chicken was super. Shrimp and broccoli was really good. One slight ding for wontons just a bit overcooked, but still tasty. Super nice service and menu laid out to mimic meat based foods made it easy for this mostly vegetarian to order.
I absolutely, positively love this place!  Even if I'm in Vegas for only a few hours, I stop here before leaving. 

I like to try different things every time I visit, but I always include the Orange Chicken, no matter what. It's so full of flavor & spice (they will alter the spice level to your liking), and it's cooked to a perfect crisp. I like it with brown rice. Orange Chicken is a must!

General Tso Chicken is good, just not as excellent as the Orange Chicken. 

Kung Pao Beef is ok. It didn't do anything for me in the knock-my-flavor-socks-off department. 

Spicy Hon Hon Shrimp is good. It's supposed to be crunchy, but mine wasn't. I think it would better with a crunchy batter. 

It is a 100% vegetarian establishment, but everything I have had was vegan, and other dishes can be made vegan, just ask. Particularly if you're getting fried rice, otherwise, you'll get eggs in your food. So again, be sure to let them know if you're vegan. 

Nice clean restaurant. Super friendly and helpful staff. Accepts credit cards (there is a minimum order amount; I think @ $6). 

Call ahead for carry-out orders. To-go orders come in nice reusable containers. 

Can be tricky to find for first time visitors. It's in Chinatown.  If you're coming from The Strip (Las Vegas Blvd), turn west onto Spring Mountain Rd. Stay on Spring Mountain Rd and once you pass Decatur Blvd, you'll see the Pacific Asian Plaza on your left. It's located on the 2nd level of the strip mall, west of the supermarket.
Wow, I have been looking for a place liket this.  Excellent food, very clean, fast and healthy.

It truely is convenient.  The salads and wraps are amazing!  Thanks Toss & Take...
OMG! SO amazing!!! I actually ate here about 3 weeks ago, but I forgot to review till now. It is SO good. So many things to chose from. The people are friendly and the service is quick and accurate. The food tasted fresh, and it had lots of flavor. I am sort of picky with my ranch dressing, and I LOVED it here. Go here if you have a chance. Going back today to eat there for the second time...
Came here because I was craving a big salad for dinner.  As previous reviewers mentioned, the lettuce and veggies were all very fresh.  My issue was with the proteins.  The chicken was the bagged Foster Farms like chicken with the fake grill marks.  Toss and Take Salads just made me miss Market Street Bistro, which closed when the economy turned.  They used to grill the protein to order.  This was more like a subway.
Great place to eat! I made up my own salad and was given many options. The veggies were fresh and flavorful. I also ordered a small cup of soup on the side. The soup was also very good and wasn't just loaded with salt and broth, but with chicken and veggies. Great place to eat if choosing to eat healthy!
Salad never tasted so good!
I started going here when they first opened and they were great! Everything was very fresh. Portions and pricing were descent and I loved getting the dressing tossed in the salad.  I always got the tilapia because I don't like, as previous mentioned, the protein selection (packaged/fake grill marks). However, I recently noticed quality/freshness had diminished and prices have gone up. 

Recommendations:

Get rid of the microwave!! At least put it in the back so I don't see you microwave the frozen tilapia I order! Invest in a grill and quality will skyrocket. 

The soup used to be made fresh daily and served from a pot. Now it's stored in a cooler where they also place in the microwave when you order. Chicken noodle  is delicious but a little salty. 

Staff is always short-handed. They need to hire at least 1 more person between 11-1pm and 5-7pm because service is so slow (not the fault of the employee)! I usually go in with another person and it takes us at least 15 min to get our food. 

Hopefully, the owner takes a look at this and makes some changes. I really want this place to stay open, considering there aren't very many quick/healthy places for lunch/dinner.

I will still go back and enjoy a salad from time to time, but with these changes I would probably go back everyday! I think a couple of improvements will make this a hot spot for lunch/dinner!
Great salad and even better soup.  I had the Corn Chowder and it was outstanding.  Love this place.  Try it!!  Everybody needs a healthy option a least once a week.
I'm going twice a week.  Tonight was my first time there.  Really good.  Really fresh!!
Great place! Portions are plenty, the price is right, and the place is very clean. I especially enjoyed the care that the staff put into each customer and their choices...
Great place to get a amazing salad!!!! Make your own or try one of there signature salads...  They use local produce to so that's awesome...  Great local small business
This place is pretty awesome. I come by for a salad regularly.

Subway feel for salads... but better.

So many different protein choices as well as veggies. This place also offers wraps but I have never tried as a Celiac. I just do the salads, avoid croutons, and my Celiac self is just fine.
The portions are huge and the lettuce is crisp. I love the fresh veggies! The employees are extremely helpful and pleasant! I would have given 5 stars if the ranch dressing was homemade and not from the bottle. Overall, its a great place and I will continue to go there for my salad fix!
So....I was excited to finally try this place out only to see it closed with a notice on the door stating that some permit was expired.

Very disappointed and hope it gets figured out
Craving a fresh salad so stopped by here today. The sign said open but door was locked and look closed on the inside. Disappointed because I've eaten here before and it was decent and quick for a lunch hour.
Visited twice in the past two weeks. Excellent very fresh sushi at a great price. Large menu for the size of the restaurant. The friendly owners make all the sauces themselves. Takeout and event catering available. Seaweed salad is ample for sharing- served with mixed greens and cucumber/mango sticks with a delicious dressing. Try the caterpillar roll- best ever! Liked the tempura but would suggest giving the ramen noodles a miss. Will be back!
Really enjoyed the sushi, the presentation of the rolls was some of the best I've seen. The quality of the food was so good as well. All the sauces are home made and taste amazing.
I almost didn't want to give this restaurant 5 stars because it's so good I want it all to myself. They've perfected every aspects of hospitality and restaurants, great service, competitive prices, and most importantly amazing food. 
My girlfriend chose this place for Valentine's Day. We both had never been before, but we both enjoy trying something new. We were so pleasantly impressed that it's our new "go to" sushi spot. The presentation of the rolls is almost as impressive as the way they taste. I can honestly say the best sushi I've ever had. I can't wait to try more of the menu and will definately be repeating.
The restaurant itself is a bit small and decor is a bit unusual, but it doesn't matter it's that good. We went on Valentine's Day and almost every table was full, yet service and quality was not compromised.
Wonderful food and very nice people. It's the best sushi we have ever had! Blink and you'll miss it from the outside but once inside I guarantee you'll return again and again.
Wonderful relaxing atmosphere, spotless restaurant.   

Everything we've ever ordered has been nothing short of spectacular.  

The sauces are amazing, Gyozas are to die for.   Teriyaki salmon, beef, chicken - simple dishes but flawless execution.  

Their Sushi is unquestionably the best I've had in Kitchener/Waterloo area.  

You will not be disappointed by your visit here!!!!